======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.916847
Retrieved Text: LANSING – As the United States Senate was debating an anti-gay marriage amendment to the Constitution on June 6, a group of twelve people of faith gathered in the Michigan Capitol to prepare for a day of lobbying and prayer.
The event, a People of Faith Lobbying Day sponsored by the American Friends Service Committee and Michigan Equality, began with a morning lecture presented by Hope College professor of psychology and author David Myers. Myers is co-author of a the book “What God Has Joined Together? A Christian Case for Gay Marriage.” The book explores the connections between gay marriage supporters and connects the issue to the large conservative movement to save marriage.
After debunking numerous myths, including that homosexuals can change their sexual orientation, Myers went on to discuss the Bush’s push for the anti-gay marriage amendment.
Myers argues the church and society is in the process of changing. “The church has moved from polygamy to monogamy, from arranged to romantic marriage, from shunning interracial marriage to accepting it, and from disciplining divorced people to accepting them,” the scholar said.
“The church is a hospital for sinners. We’re all broken in some way,” he said, concluding his arguments that gay marriage was important to the community as a whole, not just LGBT people.
Following Professor Myer’s speech, the group was encouraged to visit their representatives and senators.
“The real value of what you’re doing today is putting a face on our issues,” said Kate Runyon, director of the AFSC’s Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Issues Program.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.83782
Retrieved Text: This is a series of Questions & Responses based on inquiries I often receive from readers of my blog. The questions and responses are directed to the middle of the conservative Christian church.
You may find it helpful to share these videos with friends and family that are not accepting or affirming. I wish I had had this information ten years ago; it would have answered so many of my questions. It is my hope that this series will bring understanding in an arena where there is an abundance of myth and misinformation.
If you have any questions you would like me to answer, please send them to: kathy@canyonwalkerconnections.com Serious questions will be considered.
Thanks for watching, now come along on the trails with me (and my dogs!).
Get a copy, give a copy.
#1: Your ministry, Canyonwalker Connections, is geared towards engagement, encouragement and education between the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender Christian community and the conservative Christian church.
Can you tell us how this ministry came to be and where you see it going.
#2: You have been a Christian for three decades. Most of those within the evangelical church who still see homosexuality as as sin.
As an evangelical Christian, what brought you to the place of no longer viewing homosexuality as a sin?
#3: What are the cultural issues that the church must contend with to engage more effectively with the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community?
#4: You believe that homosexuality is not a sin, aren’t you neglecting so many scriptures in the Bible that appear to be against homosexuality?
How would

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.4095
Retrieved Text: Lately I’ve been describing the struggle between the LGBT community and the conservative Christian Church as a roaring bonfire within Christian culture. The flames reach higher than ever before in the sanctuary that is our collective faith. For the last several years people on all sides of the bonfire have fanned the flames, called others names, and further dug into their positions. Conservatives have condemned while Progressives have conjured up their own way of hating. All in all, it’s pretty sad.
In making Stained Glass Rainbows I walked around the bonfire and interviewed people on all sides. I spoke with a lesbian minister, a gay pastor, a conservative theologian, members of Westboro Baptist Church (the God Hates Fags group), ex-lesbians, ex-gays, gay Christian rock musicians, and people ministering to the LGBT community… and in the film I let their voices be heard.
We’ve had a few screenings now of the film and the consensus seems to be that this Stained Glass Rainbows can help bridge the gulf that exists between the LGBT community and the conservative Christian church. It’s a film that encourages dialogue and that’s something I’m very excited about. I can’t wait for you to see it.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.262012
Retrieved Text: It’s Elementary is the first film of its kind to address anti-gay prejudice by providing adults with practical lessons on how to talk with kids about gay people. Hailed as “a model of intelligent directing,” It’s Elementary shows that children are eager and able to wrestle with stereotypes and absorb new facts about what it means to be gay or lesbian.
Since it aired on more than 100 public television stations in 1999, It’s Elementary has fueled a growing movement of educators and parents — gay and straight alike — who are committed to preventing pervasive homophobia and anti-gay violence. The film shows what happens when kids in kindergarten through eighth grade discuss lesbian- and gay-related topics in age-appropriate ways. Shot in six public and private schools, It’s Elementary models excellent teaching about family diversity, name-calling, stereotypes, community building and more.
It’s Elementary has won numerous awards, has been acquired by nearly 3,000 educational institutions, and has received widespread acclaim from educators, policymakers, parents and religious leaders. Not surprisingly, It’s Elementary has also been relentlessly condemned by the conservative right.
Since its release, the producers have run a remarkably successful grassroots distribution campaign, intended to make It’s Elementary accessible to every conceivable type of institution working with children today. Through this effort, the film has had an unprecedented impact, creating a tidal wave of activism and public dialogue about addressing lesbian and gay issues in schools.
Accompanying It’s Elementary on the newly released DVD, is the recently produced retrospective documentary, It’s STILL Elementary. This companion film follows up with some

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.054264
Retrieved Text: For the decade since it was co-founded by the religious-rightist Family Research Council, Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays has criticized the more mainstream Parents, Family and Friends of Lesbians and Gays because P-FLAG’s parents love their children unconditionally — and because P-FLAG parents refrain from bullying and cajoling their teen and adult children into seeking discredited forms of “therapy” from disgraced ex-gay therapists such as longtime P-FOX chairman Richard Cohen.
P-FOX encourages parents to blame one another — not biology — for their children’s sexual orientation. The organization warns its antigay parents (few of whom have ex-gay children) against trusting mainstream mental-health professionals to treat what is often the underlying cause of their children’s struggles: Depression and low self-esteem. Depression is viewed instead as a tool to make people unhappy enough with themselves to submit to abusive ex-gay programs.
P-FOX also dissuades parents from listening to their teen and adult children who have survived spiritual and emotional abuse under unprofessional and judgmental ex-gay counselors. Instead, P-FOX encourages parents to make life more difficult for ex-gay survivors, in the hope that escalating ostracism from family will force the survivor to resubmit to ex-gay abuse.
Some of these tactics are evident in P-FOX’s latest stunt: An article written by Jeanette Bakke, the antigay mother of former ex-gay Christine Bakke. Christine is co-founder of Beyond Ex-Gay, a support group for survivors of ex-gay abuse.
The mother protects P-FOX readers from exposure to her daughter’s experiences, by refraining from linking to Bakke’s extensive online writing and support work for survivors. Instead, she writes of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.79704
Retrieved Text: Many parents don't know how to take it when their sons tell them they are gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, or questioning. Questions always arise and many parents ask themselves, "Did I cause my son to be gay?" "What could I have done differently?" It is a shock to some parents because they haven't had the time to think about what it means for them or their child. Parents might not be ready to discuss the issue just yet, but for their child that has "come out", they have had plenty of time to think it over, usually a period of many years where they have internally analyzed what it will mean for them.
They have finally accepted themselves for who they are and feel comfortable enough to tell you who they really are. That takes a lot of courage. Your child is very brave to have told you because of the internalized fear that he might be rejected by you, his parents, and possibly other loved ones. Remember that he has chosen to tell you because he also loves you and wants you to be a part of his life. Also remember that your child is still your child and he is the same person he was yesterday.
Even if you feel like you are the only person that has a gay son, you are not. There are many parents whose sons are gay, bisexual or transgender. You are not alone. One important thing to do is to talk not only to your son, but also to others

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.793495
Retrieved Text: New York : Harrington Park Press, ©2004.
In their own words, children of different ages talk about how and when they learned of their gay or lesbian parent's sexual orientation and the effect it has had on them.
Children of gay parents -- Psychology -- Juvenile literature.
Gay parents -- Juvenile literature.
How it feels to have a gay or lesbian parent.
xvii, 110 pages : illustrations ; 23 cm.
Add tags for "How it feels to have a gay or lesbian parent : a book by kids for kids of all ages". Be the first.
Enfants de parents homosexuels -- Psychologie -- Ouvrages pour la jeunesse.
Parents homosexuels -- Ouvrages pour la jeunesse.
Children of gay parents -- Psychology.
schema:isPartOf <http://experiment.worldcat.org/entity/work/data/819657633#Series/haworth_gay_&_lesbian_studies> ; # Haworth gay & lesbian studies.
<http://experiment.worldcat.org/entity/work/data/819657633#Series/haworth_gay_&_lesbian_studies> # Haworth gay & lesbian studies.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.022926
Retrieved Text: PEW Charitable Trust explores the connection between legal exemptions for parents refusing medical care for children on due to religious beliefs.
Ted video by domestic abuse survivor about the factors compelling individuals to remain in detrimental relationships.
A video of a speech made about the definition of family to the House of Representatives by a man raised by a lesbian couple in support of gay rights.
CNN report about mixed status families with undocumented immigrants living with the threat of deportation and the political reform necessary to ameliorate precarious social conditions.
NPR report of the rise of racially mixed and blended families and the challenges encountered by people living in these family formations.
NPR report about the extending of benefits to gay spouses of Pentagon employees.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.01524
Retrieved Text: Starting October 9, 2016, and continuing through October 31, I will be writing a series of blog posts loosely organized around the question, “What hope can the Church offer lesbian, gay, and bisexual Christians?” This page is designed to make those posts easily accessible.
There are at least two different ways to examine the question of hope. One set of answers are addressed to us—to lesbian, gay, and bisexual Christians—and tell us what authentic Christian hope looks like for us, which is to say, how we can love and be loved in the way God intended us to love. Another set of answers are addressed to the broader Church—to parents, pastors, educators, youth group leaders, and the people in the pews—and explore how to be a genuine minister of the Gospel, and not merely a Pharisee who binds on heavy burdens without lifting a finger to help (see Luke 11:46).
My reflections on this question will be grouped into three major themes: first, an understanding of the situation of lesbian, gay, and bisexual Christians in the Church and in society; second, an understanding of Christian friendship; and third, an exploration of the various expressions of Christian community.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.303097
Retrieved Text: Body and Soul: We Belong An excellent resource for small group or church study/discussion, Body and Soul: We Belong is a six-part video series that explores full-inclusion through the lens of six themes central to the Reformed identity. Accompanying it is a downloadable discussion guide (featuring question based on video content, Scripture, and Reformed liturgies or confessions).
Room for Me? is a short video that allows LGBTQ Christians in RCA settings to respond to four questions about their experiences in the church and perceptions of Christ’s Gospel message.
For the Bible Tells Me So tells the stories of several Christian families’ journey with a gay and lesbian family member. There is now a downloadable study guide available for purchase along with the video.
Seven Passages is a dramatic presentation of actual interviews with 25 LGBT persons, and springs from seven of the biblical texts that are often lifted up as evidence that the Bible denounces homosexuality. The video, and a downloadable study guide are available.
Out in the Silence is an award-winning documentary that aired on public television and other venues. It can be purchased online; a study guide and other publicity materials can be downloaded for free.
Lead With Love is a 35 minute film for parents of LGBTQ children. It is honest, straightforward, inspiring, and includes reference to biblical or theological concerns. This highly recommended video is available for free download on the Lead With Love website.
Fish Can’t Fly is a film that explores the concept of changing ones’ sexual orientation and the lives of gay men and women

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.08477
Retrieved Text: What if I told you that pro-lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and questioning (LGBTQ) activists are working tirelessly to infiltrate schools and influence children across the country? What if I said activists were taunting and bullying kids in public school and shaming them regarding their religious beliefs that favor traditional marriage? Most parents do not want to hear this, but it is a reality they must face. Gay activist are going around you to get to your children, and schools are complicit.
The “Day of Silence,” to be held next Friday, April 17, is part of that effort. It is a project of the radical Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network (GLSEN), which is the leading pro-LGBT national education organization working inside schools in all 50 states.
But these activists are not interested in stopping bullying — they actually want to bully anyone who dares oppose their opinion, as we have seen. The Day of Silence is an opportunity to make sure any other view is completely silenced.
They would use different language, to be sure. They would say they are combating “homophobia.” But they consider traditional Christian teaching to be homophobic, and, therefore, if your child is a Christian, they will be under enormous pressure to ignore their faith in this area or risk intense ridicule and contempt (or, dare we say, hatred).
The most dangerous thing about all this is that schools are complicit in disallowing debate. This is why no parent will be notified of this day or most other pro-LGBT activities in advance. The educational institutions are

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.064148
Retrieved Text: Our nation could keep most of its natural marriage and family values so far.
Please pray for Australia’s protection and Heavenly guidance this coming Saturday 2nd of July with the Nation-wide General Elections.
If the leftist political parties win (Labor and Green) they will pass the law for the Gay / Lesbian marriage along with all the pro LGBT agenda in our schools and in the society at large. We stand up for True Parents’ teachings and True Family values.
Back in 2013, the Labor government introduced a so-called “Safe Schools” program to promote the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans-sexual (LGBT) agenda, confusing teenagers in their physical, emotional and spiritual growth. This endangers the ability of our children and grandchildren to form loving and everlasting couples and families in the future.
Recently, our family joined the Australia Family Association campaign along with members of Australian conservative parties (Family First, Australian Christians, the DLP, the RUAP, the Liberal Party, etc.) for a positive election outcome this Saturday 2nd of July 2016, for our nation of Australia.
We distributed nearly 10,000 leaflets (below), during our 4-day door-to-door letterbox leaflet drop around Frankston, Merinda Park and Lynbrook. We hope the vote will be in favor of family values / conservative parties.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.739555
Retrieved Text: Steps for Viewing Candidates Scorecards:1. Go to Project Vote Smart.
2. Type in the name of any candidate about whom you are seeking information.
3. When the page comes up for that candidate, click on “Interest Group Ratings,” (located under the candidate’s photo on the right).
4. Dozens of scorecards on the candidates will appear, listed alphabetically by categories. To see where the candidate stands on abortion, go to the “Abortion” section at the top; scroll down to “Civil Liberties and Civil Rights” to see the ratings of groups like the ACLU and AU and other secular groups that oppose public religious expressions and the ratings of pro-homosexual groups such as the Human Rights Campaign and the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force; scroll down to “Conservative” to see the ratings of many pro-family Christian groups, such as Christian Coalition, Concerned Women for America, Christian Action Network, scroll down to “Family and Children Issues” to find the ratings of Christian groups such as the Family Research Council; etc.
5. Realize that secular and religious, liberal and conservative groups are all mixed in each category; make sure that you know the philosophy of each group to understand whether its rating is good or bad for a Biblical viewpoint. (For example, National Right to Life is against abortion whereas Planned Parenthood, Pro-Choice America, and NARAL and for abortion. And pro-family groups that embrace Biblical values will include Family Research Council and Eagle Forum while Pro-homosexual marriage groups will include Human Rights Campaign and Gay-Lesbian-Straight Education Network (GLSEN). Therefore, from the “bad” groups,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.582268
Retrieved Text: Empowered Muslim lawyer Leila (Mouna Hawa) and lesbian Christian DJ Salma (Sana Jammelieh) share a flat and a party-girl lifestyle, rejecting the patriarchal strictures of their respective traditions in favour of embracing the Palestinian underground club culture of the bustling Israeli capital, Tel Aviv.
In contrast, their new roommate Nour (Shaden Kanboura), a student from a small Arab town and a traditional, hijab-wearing Muslim, is both horrified and fascinated by the freedom and independence of the lives the women lead, by their refusal to compromise. Increasingly drawn to her two roommates, the three become grudging friends.
Despite the relative freedom the three women enjoy however, each has their own romantic troubles. Chic and sexually liberated, Leila’s drug-fuelled partying meets with the disapproval of her initially supportive but non-committal boyfriend Ziad (Mahmoud Shalaby), Salma is forced to hide her sexuality, and her doctor girlfriend Dunya (Ahlam Canaan), from her conservative Christian family who continue to set her up with potential male suitors while Nour’s seemingly pious fiancé Wassim (Henry Andrawes) is a domineering control freak, intent on subjugating her, bending her to his will.
But as Leila takes a stand in her relationship with Ziad and Salma makes the risky decision to take Dunya home to meet the parents, Nour’s widening horizons and self-assurance enrage the hypocritical Wassim, his violent actions forcing the three women closer together than ever before.
A complex, nuanced glimpse of the everyday trials faced by emancipated Palestinian women in the face of patriarchal society, In Between explores the shifting landscape of Arab-Israeli attitudes and prejudices in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.868866
Retrieved Text: In Contact with Birth Family in Adoptive Families Headed by Lesbian, Gay Male and Heterosexual Parents (Children and Youth Services Review, March 2016, 62, 9-17), Brodzinsky and Goldberg analyze the extent and type of contact between birth and adoptive families. The study focuses on heterosexual families as well as those headed by lesbian or gay parents. A variety of practice and policy implications are discussed based on these findings.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.593704
Retrieved Text: About 50 percent of students whose parents are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender reported hearing school staff members make homophobic remarks, and about 40 percent of students in middle and high school reported hearing sexist remarks from school personnel, according to a survey by the Gay, Lesbian, and Straight Education Network, a New York City-based advocacy group.
The survey found that while LGBT parents were roughly 20 percentage points more likely than other parents to be involved with their children’s schools, through such activities as volunteering and parent-teacher conferences, more than 50 percent of such parents reported being excluded from their school communities by negative comments from other parents and students, or by parents’ and school officials’ failure to acknowledge their type of family, the report on the findings says.
Research for the nationally representative survey was conducted between May and August of 2005 through online and mail-in surveys of 588 parents in the LGBT community with children in middle and high school, and 154 students in middle and high school with LGBT parents.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.56518
Retrieved Text: Supporters of Proposition 8 make two arguments. The first is that, for thousands of years, marriage has been defined as between a man and a woman exclusively. Considering how Californians historically have been wide open to change, this appeal is not likely to carry much force.
The second argument made by supporters is that children should be raised solely by a father and a mother, not by two fathers or two mothers. Yet the debate over child-rearing is entirely beside the point, because Proposition 8 is about marriage only. It would do nothing to prevent gay couples from adopting children or from having children through artificial means.
Indeed, all Proposition 8 would do is ensure that the children of gay couples would be raised in households where the parents were unmarried. Would that be a healthier situation for children?
In the past, this page has advocated civil unions for gay couples rather than marriage. But our thinking has changed, along with that of many other Californians. Gay and lesbian couples deserve the same dignity and respect in marriage that heterosexual couples have long enjoyed. We urge a No vote on Proposition 8.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.179295
Retrieved Text: Lately, I've been running into gay and lesbian couples who have adopted children with special needs. Often the children they have welcomed into their lives are the kids no one else wants, children with problems associated with the addictions of their birth mothers.
Somehow this strikes me as similar to the Exodus story of the Egyptian taskmasters making the already hard life of their Hebrew slaves harder by telling them to make bricks without straw or to find their own straw, and yet still produce the same quantity of bricks.
Society says to gay and lesbian people, "we're not sure you belong. We doubt you should be married. We're not at all sure you should be parents." And yet I keep bumping into these couples who are doing parenting I can hardly imagine.
One such couple, two gay men, were in court not long ago to finalize an adoption of two children with fetal alcohol syndrome. Someone showed up and objected, saying that they were not fit parents, though they have been successfully fostering the children for several years. The judge, an older man, looked with disbelief at the person who protested and said, "These boys (the gay couple) are heroes."
As a society we've pretty much said to people who are gay and lesbian, "Make bricks without straw." Make a sane life without any of the usual supports. It's time to leave Egypt behind.
PRAYER: God, I pray today for the kids who are born with tough challenges and for the parents who love them and raise them. Let the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.11705
Retrieved Text: In a landmark decision a lesbian couple were barred from adopting a child, who was conceived through artificial insemination outside France. One gay-rights group slammed the decision saying "Children of LGBT families are the new bastards of the Republic".
Judges in Versailles refused a request this week by a lesbian woman to adopt a 4-year-old child, who was conceived in Belgium by her partner, thanks to medically assisted procreation (MAP) or artificial insemination.
Currently in France methods of medically assisted procreation like IVF are reserved only for heterosexual couples, who have difficulty having children. However thousands of babies are thought to be born in France each year that were conceived abroad through articificial insemination.
But the couple believed that the May 2013 reforms, that legalized gay marriage, also provided for the regularisation of the rights of children conceived abroad using medically assisted procreation.
But it turns out the law was not as clear-cut as the couple believed and it has been left up to judges to decide.
The judges in Versailles who turned down the homosexual couple's request this week, said going abroad for assisted reproduction before seeking to adopt in France was a violation and “fraud of the law”.
Their ruling left the couple furious.
"I pulled the baby out of my partner's womb. I cut the chord. I take him to school," the aggrieved member of the couple told French reporters this week.
The decision was also blasted by gay-rights groups in France.
“Children of LGBT families are the new bastards of the Republic,” the group Inter-LGBT told Le Figaro.
The association of gay

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.99758
Retrieved Text: June 25 is an historic date. So is June 27. On June 25, 1957, the United Church of Christ came into being, as a union of the Evangelical and Reformed Church and the Congregational Christian Churches. On June 27, 1969, the "Stonewall Rebellion" took place, when, for the first time, gays and lesbians resisted a police raid on a gay bar, the Stonewall Inn in New York City's Greenwich Village, rather than meekly submitting to arrest.
So in 1972, when Bill Johnson was about to make some history of his own as the first "openly avowed homosexual person" in modern times to be ordained to Christian ministry, he selected Sunday, June 25: the UCC's 15th anniversary and the weekend of the third anniversary of the event generally acknowledged as the beginning of the gay liberation movement.
Johnson did not set out to make church history and gay liberation history on the same occasion. He simply wanted to achieve a dream he had had since he was 17, and president of the youth fellowship at First Evangelical and Reformed Church in Houston. He wanted to be a minister.
Although the Rev. William R. Johnson has never received a call to pastor a local church, today more than 100 openly gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender clergy serve as pastors of UCC congregations in urban, suburban and rural settings. Another 100 serve in other ministries. Within the UCC, the push for recognition and affirmation of homosexual persons came from what is now known as the Coalition for Lesbian/Gay/Bisexual/Transgender Concerns, which Johnson formed

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.72529
Retrieved Text: David Cameron’s quest for the pink vote looks to be in serious jeopardy this week as yet another key Conservative party member expressed their anti-gay feelings.
It is the third time during the current campaign that a party member has publicly gaffed and embarrassed Cameron who has worked hard to convince gay voters that anti-gay attitudes within the Tory party have changed.
Philip Lardner, Conservative candidate for North Ayrshire and Arran, wrote on his campaign website that he could not accept gays as being normal – adding that “most” people would agree.
Mr Lardner told voters: “With experience as a teacher and a believer in parental rights and responsibilities, as your MP I will support the rights of parents and teachers to refuse to have their children taught that homosexuality is ‘normal’ behaviour or an equal lifestyle choice to traditional marriage.
The posting, headed “what I believe in” also included the view that the majority of the public believe homosexuality to be “somewhere between ‘unfortunate’ and ‘simply wrong'”.
David Cameron has said he took the decision to suspend and withdraw Landers candidacy “within minutes”.
As a consolation he added “I think people in the gay community know it is easier for people who are Conservative and gay to vote Conservative than at any time before.
Within the last month two other key Conservative party members have made anti-gay statements embarrassing the Tory leader.
The shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling was forced to apologise after saying he supported the view that bed and breakfast owners should have the right to refuse gay guests.
Julian Lewis, the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.711132
Retrieved Text: How far are you willing to go to walk a mile in another person’s shoes?
For Timothy Kurek, a Portland based author and Liberty University graduate, that meant pretending to be gay for a year.
Kurek grew up a conservative Christian and learned to fear the gay community from an early age. However, an encounter with a lesbian acquaintance four years ago began a journey that changed all of that.
Soon after the encounter Kurek decided to “come out” as a homosexual in order to better understand the LGBT community.
Kurek spent a year living as a homosexual working in a gay cafe, hanging out in gay bars and even joining a gay softball league, all the while maintaining his inner identity as a straight Christian.
The only people that knew of Kurek’s plan were an aunt, a close friend and a gay friend who was recruited to play his boyfriend.
Kurek explained to the Observer that “In order to walk in their shoes, I had to have the experience of being gay. I had to come out to my friends and family and the world as a gay man,” he told the Observer.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.66927
Retrieved Text: ​A school program promoting acceptance of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender students has been suspended by the Government in a victory for conservative lobbyists.
Education unions and state and territory leaders have slated the Prime Minister for caving to pressure from his party’s right following the announcement that the Safe Schools teaching manual would be reviewed.
The move was hailed as a “win against rainbow ideology” by the Australian Christian Lobby, a vocal critic of Newtown Performing Arts High School’s decision this week to let students choose to wear male or female uniforms and express the gender they identify with.
An independent review panel will now advise education minister Simon Birmingham by mid-March on whether the program's material is age-appropriate.
Senator Cory Bernardi led a group of conservative powerbrokers calling for the $8 million program to be defunded because of fears it was sexualising children and would "indoctrinate children into a Marxist agenda of cultural relativism".
"It's not about gender, it's not about sexuality,” he told the ABC.
Opposition leader Bill Shorten, who labelled Mr Bernardi a homophobe during a clash at parliament house on Wednesday, said: “Labor believes every child, in every school has the right to be happy and safe.
About 500 schools have voluntarily signed up to the Safe Schools Coalition Australia, which aims to eradicate homophobia and transphobia in schools.
State and territory governments have criticised the Government’s decision to review the program, saying the anti-bullying and pro-diversity initiative has been effective in protecting vulnerable children.
South Australian education minister, Susan Close, said: “I am bitterly disappointed that the prime minister

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.540684
Retrieved Text: The Washington State Supreme Court has overturned a 2011 ruling that barred a mother from discussing her sexual orientation with her children.
No, she isn’t into anything totally freaky, like inflatable pool animals. She’s just a plain old lesbian.
Regardless, six years ago, Rachelle Black, a stay-at-home mom, came out to her conservative “Christian” husband of nearly 20 years. They got a divorce and somehow he managed to get both custody and a ruling stopping her from talking about the fact that she’s gay with her kids.
That’s the weird news. The good news is that last week a higher court determined that the decision was unconstitutional, and overturned it.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.471233
Retrieved Text: Jason Leaver, creator, writer and director of Out with Dad, a local web series about a single father and his teenaged lesbian daughter, is launching the 17th episode of the series at the Scarborough Museum on May 1.
Leaver says the series was inspired by a dream in which he was a single father. He woke up wondering how he’d handle life with a gay daugher.
Out with Dad now has more than five million views, with fans in Brazil, Germany, Italy and the US. It recently won several awards at the 2012 Los Angeles Web Series Festival, including outstanding drama series, outstanding ensemble cast and the grand jury prize.
Episode 17, which was filmed on location at the Scarborough Museum, explores both father and daughter’s romantic lives. Rose visits the museum with a friend to meet her crush Claire. Meanwhile, Nathan is on a second date with Angela.
Actor Will Conlon, who plays Nathan, Rose’s father, finds his role illustrates a parent’s perspective of having a gay child.
“Most people want to be accepted and loved by their parents unconditionally,” Conlon says. “I think this is why Nathan’s character is not only important, but unique. He is supportive of Rose being gay, but, as so many parents of gay children have expressed, he wants to protect his child, which really is his primary job.
Actress Kate Conway remembers that when she first auditioned for the role of Rose, she understood how much their personalities stemmed from their youthful age.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.418987
Retrieved Text: Another step forward. More and more conservatives are coming around to realize that gay marriage protects ALL families...gay and straight. The tide is turning.
What I didn’t hear much of this year was support for marriage equality from the Republican front-runners. I support marriage for gay and lesbian couples and have been vocal about my support, even when it hasn’t always been the popular thing to do in my party.
I heard a lot of rhetoric about gay and lesbian Americans that didn’t fit with what I know to be true and what many Republicans believe. As an evangelical Christian Republican, I know many people who hold conservative values like equality and freedom, but those voices were lost this year. However, I believe in my heart that things are changing. If it weren’t for the loud voices of a few in our party, I do believe more Republicans would stand up in support of marriage equality.
Read her full opinion piece in Eastern Iowa’s Gazette.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.21528
Retrieved Text: Besides, share your christian singles looking for single who looking for christian online review of Besides, twitter, android or over singles at mingle 2. Both Match and Christian Mingle gives users the ability to chat, and Our experienced staff screens every profile and every single photo. Christian Singles in Israel. gillar. Grupp. Kommentarer. Ramon Custodio I am single ready to [email protected] Hantera. 30v.
Find love on online lesbian and modest girls want to pay for marriage, free christian singles based on online dating sites. Make greek singles for nigeria dating site for a fun safe environment for norway singles in norway dating site to meet a button away. Horse and hangout with strangers at mingle2. The people of a farmer, features the leading online dating makes it will work for farm equipment, singles at cedar creek! Single parents mingle, a farmer but i saw trending on the same faith. Check out of users share their lives with children. Personal ads, and christian owned dating since Gay dating apps for singles. No, adult friendfinder is looking for another ones. Com is a perfect place to find ally tate farmer to meet, the leading online christian mingle account. Gay dating and mingle. Wymoo provides confidential international dating and exceptional clothing for free dating. Geile junge deutsche frauen mingle differs from your area.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.1863
Retrieved Text: What happens when a rabbit interrupts a date between a seemingly bunny phobic woman and her man caller? In Tragic Underscore Bunny, this 10-minute two person comedic play set in Joan’s living room as her date with Barry has been interrupted by a rabbit intruder.
Tragic Underscore Bunny by Edward Perry is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License.
Based on a work at Edward Perry.
Permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available at http://www.edwardperry.net/.
This 10-minute play is a two person scene set in a doctors office between a older white male doctor and his younger female black patient who is also his colleague and has recently been raped. This scene explores their relationship, faith, and regrets.
The Right Regrets by Edward Perry is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License.
We’re Here, We’re Queer…It’s Complicated!
This revue of GLBTQ themed scenes and monologues will focus on, but not limited too, gay marriage, gay divorce, gay families, bullying, suicide, and a transgendered issues. This 90 minute evening will include dramatic and comedic monologues and scenes that highlight gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgendered, and questions members of the community.
We’re Here, We’re Queer, It’s Complicated! by Edward Perry is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License.
This play is about a single mother who moves her family to a trailer park to save money during a recession in 1989. This show centers around the choices people make and how those choices affect those around them; how secrets hurt those your closest too in unintentional ways. It explores

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.06028
Retrieved Text: NetRated, from PC DataPower Inc., was known as "RatedPG" until a trademark dispute with the Motion Picture Association of America forced them to change the name to NetRated in mid-1997. The product is endorsed by the conservative Dove Foundation and Enough is Enough, both groups that publicly opposed the EFF's blue ribbon campaign for Internet free speech at the height of the debate over the Communications Decency Act (CDA). PC DataPower stated that they supported the work of Enough is Enough but that the company was reserving judgment of the CDA itself until after the Supreme Court's decision. The PC DataPower web site was never updated to reflect the Supreme Court's ruling against the CDA in July 1997.
Hollywood Supports -- a coalition of Hollywood activists organizing on behalf of people with HIV.
The lesbian rights issues page of the National Organization for Women web site.
Grassroots Queers -- "people of all sexual and gender orientations fighting heterosexism, hatred, and bigotry and promoting equal rights for queers through networking, organizing, and direct action"
Beth El Binah, a Jewish congregation that is also a "member of the world congress of gay and lesbian Jewish organizations"
International Association of Gay Square Dance Clubs -- made famous as one of the first sites that was blocked by SurfWatch.
"A Gay Place in Cyberspace" -- a gay and lesbian web site for "fun, shopping, travel, information"
We provide updates free. Since the goal of our product is to protect children, then it's just plain wrong to endanger them by withholding information that parents and teachers need unless

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.834713
Retrieved Text: The man later graduated with highest honors from the University of Georgia.
For Barton, above, who is a lesbian in a long-term relationship, telling others about her partner has yielded some alarming reactions. A visitor helping with yard work told Barton that her relationship was "an abomination in the eyes of the Lord." A bagger with whom she used to exchange friendly chit-chat at her grocery store was offended when she came out to him.
Barton, a professor of sociology and women's studies at Morehead State University uses pseudonyms for the people and town in her book, but her small town of "Thomasville" sounds much like Winchester, where she lives.
The question she tries to answer in the book is one that splits many families when gay children announce their sexuality: "Why not make the way easier for your child as opposed to making it harder?"
Despite much of the initial bitterness between parents and a gay child, Barton said, "most people found that their relationships with their parents got better over time."
Still, she said, her experiences with gays and lesbians in the Bible Belt showed her there are some cultural differences in how the announcement of sexual orientation is handled.
"The rural stuff has its own unique flair," Barton said. "The isolation accentuates the homophobia."
She advises students who come out to her to be very careful about how much information they divulge to their parents, especially if they are still financially dependent on them. Barton also urges gay students "to be self-affirming, to find community."
Social media are helping to propel

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.993479
Retrieved Text: Very trippy-dippy psychedelic work – written for the soundtrack to Timothy Leary's weird LSD film of the late 60s! Maryvonne Giercarz composed the music, and plays it with a small group that includes her on "Veena", an "ancient Indian instrument", along with guitar and tabla – making for lots of cool "eastern" styled tunes! The tracks are very wild – and are as beautifully trippy as you might expect for the setting! The whole thing's great – and the score also features some great recitations by Leary, worth the price of admission alone! Includes the tracks "Freak Out", "Root Chakra", "All Girls Are Yours", "The Turn On", and "The Beginning Of The Voyage". © 1996-2019, Dusty Groove, Inc.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.665571
Retrieved Text: At Mizner Amphitheater last night, T Bone Burnett, a giant both in the roots music industry and in his own imposing physicality, took a small but devoted throng on a multimedia journey through his life and, in a way, through at least a half-century of American songcraft. It easily ranks among the most adventurous programs in Festival of the Arts’ history.
He then transitioned into the video portion of the program, beginning with one of his earliest collaborative experiences, on Bob Dylan’s Rolling Thunder Revue. This alone was worth the price of admission—Dylan wailing in whiteface, a demented carnival barker fronting the heaviest rock ‘n’ roll show of his career. Then we had Roy Orbison’s star-studded Cinemax special, “Black and White Night;” clips from Burnett’s film-music contributions to “The Big Lebowski,” “O Brother, Where Art Thou,” “Walk the Line” and others; and his more-recent contributions to the Dylan-penned “New Basement Tapes” and to Aretha Franklin’s rousing rendition of “Higher Ground” at the White House in 2015.
Burnett’s oeuvre is unimpeachable. Seeing it realized in this eclectic clip show and hearing his reflections on it helped foster, in me at least, a new appreciation for film music. I’ve been reviewing movies since high school, often focusing so disproportionately on script and direction that the intricacies of the soundtrack would receive short shrift. Discovering Burnett’s passionate drive for authenticity—practicing with Joaquin Phoenix for six months to transform him into Johnny Cash, developing an entire music backstory for Jeff Bridges’ dilapidated country singer in “Crazy Heart”—brought the art of the soundtrack

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.463097
Retrieved Text: The DVD has their MTV unplugged video. great sounding performance on DVD (2 ch. PCM).
The CD's on the other hand are supposed to be compressed. But the DVD alone is worth the price of admission.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.152832
Retrieved Text: Karisa Wilson has been one of our featured performers since we started holding the festival at Wealthy Theatre. She's back again this year along with Lynn Thompson. He normally fronts the Lynn Thompson Band but on April 14th he'll be playing an acoustic set with Karisa. That alone would be worth the price of admission. But hey, admission is FREE. Donations are cheerfully accepted for the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation.
Check out the tabs above to see photos of the 2012 performers and the full line-up.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.840448
Retrieved Text: The Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences have made an unprecedented decision to invite 928 new members, with the music division alone 44, including the likes of Sufjan Stevens and Kendrick Lamar. In addition, the new invitees reportedly represent a diverse group of the population, with 49% being female and 38% being people of color.
Membership in the Academy is offered exclusively via invitations, which are officially extended only by the Board of Governors of the Academy. Membership eligibility is apparently achieved by earning a competitive Oscar nomination, or by the sponsorship of two current Academy members from the same branch to which the candidate seeks admission.
Lamar was invited for his contributions to the incredible soundtrack for “Black Panther,” which has seen both commercial and critical success. Sufjan Stevens’ invitation comes for his work on the soundtrack on the hit indie flick “Call Me By Your Name.” Stevens actually performed “Mystery of Love” from that soundtrack at the most recent Academy Awards.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.665077
Retrieved Text: Celebrating 10 years of free admission!
News Celebrating ten years of free admission!
Celebrating ten years of free admission!
It's been a decade since the Art Fund and the UK's national museums campaigned for free admission - and what a success it's been. Over 50 million people have visited the UK's national museums last year alone.
It's been a decade since the Art Fund and the UK's national museums campaigned for free admission – and what a success it's been! Over 50 million people have visited the UK's national museums last year alone.
However, as the Art Fund's Director Stephen Deuchar wrote in The Independent this week, "...have we missed a trick? You have to pay up to €10 to visit the Louvre, and yet a staggering 8.5 million people did just that last year. That amounts to a lot of revenue. Indeed, universal free access comes at a price. In dropping entry charges, museums have lost a revenue stream that they've had to replace from elsewhere."
In a time of economic recovery it is not only difficult for museums and galleries to generate funding for new acquisitions and curatorial skills but is also even more important our museums and galleries offer free access to the public. Free admission also helps attract £4.5 billion worth of spending by inbound visitors.
How has free admission impacted on you and your family? Tell us what you love about free entry in ten words on our Facebook page or tweet us using #freemuseums10.
Read Art Fund Director Stephen Deuchar's article reflecting on ten years of free admission.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.232338
Retrieved Text: Essential purchase – if you don’t own it, sort it out! That dub is worth the admission price alone!
Stone classic Bullwackies (as excursioned by Rhythm & Sound for Burial Mix), sensationally featuring two unreleased dubs, newly extracted from the master reels. Both are equally unmissable but quite different, with contrasting effects: the second dub adds ninety seconds, including whip-dem spring reverb.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.119734
Retrieved Text: This week's Topwater Tuesday takes us to the deep marshes of Southern Louisiana in search of the famous bull redfish.
As something of a redfish novice, I'm still always shocked at the sight of these massive fish hydroplaning on the surface as they attempt to get their unfortunately-placed mouths around a 6-8" popper. The amount of times these bottom-feeders swing and miss on the surface is rather astounding, and why they are so enticed by a topwater plug that looks better suited for a toothy pike seems to defy logic. But of course, they do connect on occasion ... and what happens then is truly a sight to behold.
This video aptly titled "Poppa" is about 7 minutes of nonstop topwater redfish action. The soundtrack can be a little tiring, but the footage is well worth the price of admission.
If you plan to fly fish for bull redfish, make sure to check out the Cheeky Limitless 425 Fly Reel. At just 7.5oz, the Limitless 425 is a breeze to cast and packs more than enough power to stop the hardest-pulling red without breaking a sweat.
Click here to shop the Limitless 425.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.69078
Retrieved Text: On one of those perfect summer days, another nameless Friday evening in Portland, rolling deep with a birthday crew in tow (+newly-minted member of the talented Superslice photography staff and friend, Nathan Sanborn), we checked out The Drive Tour at Branx, in the über-hipster, Brooklyn-esque East Industrial District of the city. The tour which was inspired by the cult-hit film, Drive, is headlined by College aka David Grellier, a French electronic music composer. Backing him up is fellow Frenchman and producer/singer/multi-instrumentalist Frédéric Rivière and his band Anoraak; also on the tour is the Canadian duo Electric Youth, who collaborated closely with College for the EP, A Real Hero, which appears on the Drive Soundtrack.
Opening for the trio of electro acts was Portland-based spinster and producer, Heatesca. My mom always said, “Don’t judge a book by its cover,” Laura Lynn Murphey aka Heatesca has the skills to pay the bills. When the knockout wasn’t soaking in the cool vibe of the show, she was mashing mind grapes with killer mixes of Lana Del Rey‘s Blue Jeans and Crave You by Flight Facilities, looking classy and stylish while doing it. She had me dropping stupid moves on the dancefloor in between sets.
The entire show itself was a lengthy and enjoyable one; a hearty bang for the buck and definitely worth the price of admission. A couple of my favorites were Electric Youth’s performance of Right Back to You, Anoraak’s Nightdrive With You, and College’s performance of The Drone. Though, the crown jewel of the night was when Bronwyn,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.627811
Retrieved Text: I have just started reading Joel on Software by Joel Spolsky, who also maintains a web log. It's ostensibly for "software managers" who need to guide development projects. But it's a must read for CIOs and anyone who manages IT.
Witty, irreverent, and chock full of insights. I am buying a copy for all my managers. The first couple of chapters alone are worth the price of admission.
Thanks to Feld Thoughts for the lead.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.377039
Retrieved Text: It’s possible to take support from your pals as well as member of the family. It is suggested to take help from experts. Need to you need aid with Saudi Arabia College tasks, they simply have to acquire online as well as get in touch with CollegeAdmissionEssays. Instant assistance is just one click away. CollegeAdmissionEssays.xyz Assignment Aid is the proper alternative to obtain prompt support with affordability. Get easy project assistance and also complete job in a timely manner Jobs are included in each academic syllabus. When you pay for our special job help on the net, you could make certain that your paper becomes your total residential or commercial property.
Just a credible as well as reputed assignment composing solution could offer suitable assignment assistance.
If you do not need help with research extremely commonly, or you require some common information, the optimal choice is to gain from free resources and also save your loan. We’re always right here if you have to discover Are College Worth The Price Of Admission Essay. Also if it holds true that you don’t call for Are College Worth The Price Of Admission Essay after that, in that circumstances, you could get support from our Gulf tutors concerning the important things to bear in mind whilst composing projects on a specific topic. You require to obtain prompt Are College Worth The Price Of Admission Essay. On the internet Are College Worth The Price Of Admission Essay is rather preferred among pupils. Likewise, after you spend for our special Are College Worth

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.317225
Retrieved Text: " an exquisitely composed portrayal of the despair and futility of World War I as seen from the rarely revealed viewpoint of an idealistic young woman."
"This is no dusty history piece or judgemental look back at the past but a fresh, immediate, personal testimony that speaks across the ages."
"Alicia Vikander is not only drop-dead gorgeous, she is as good an actress as I've ever seen, worth the price of admission alone. Almost hopelessly romantic, there was not one slow moment in this film. On a scale of 10, I'd like to give this an 11."

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.103786
Retrieved Text: On top of the magic that was live Scriptnotes (including Rian Johnson and Kelly Marcel even!) both John August and Craig Mazin presented panels of their own. And both were in the same teeny, tiny room. John August talked about the evolution of Big Fish (see it on Broadway!) and Craig Mazin gave a talk designed to make every screenwriter’s life easier.
Those three panels alone were worth the price of admission to AFF. If you have the chance to see some live Scriptnotes for yourself, you really should. Really.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.916897
Retrieved Text: The tagline says "Don't leave Adam alone" but after this screening, it's obvious that most of the audience wasn't too keen on being alone either.
Stir around the glass to lightly mix ingredients.
Tune in as Matt and Cat get the inside scoop on the scariest film from the Overlook Film Festival. Join us for our first Brews & Interviews segment as special guest Brandon Christensen, director of Still/Born, gives us a peek behind the curtain!
Tune in as we give the rundown on the upcoming Overlook Film Festival (April 27-30) at the Timberline Lodge in Oregon.
An Overlook Film Festival world premiere, Still/Born gave audiences a proper scare.
Still/Born and It Comes at Night - worth the price of admission! Matt and Cat review the Overlook Film Festival.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.885809
Retrieved Text: The 2019 ILTA Leadership Academy is scheduled for September 10-11, 2019 at the Marriott Hotel & Conference Center in Bloomington/Normal, Illinois. This exciting event will include a repeat presentation by keynote presenter Anne Grady! Ask anyone who attended the 2017 Leadership Academy and they will tell you, her program alone was worth the price of admission.
Other presenters include Terri Cowan on customer service; Paul Presney on improving communication skills; Justin Ailes on volunteer leadership; Leslie Midgley on training your team; and a blue-ribbon panel offering candid conversations on careers in title insurance. Watch for details for submitting your application to this pinnacle experience in leadership training.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.806786
Retrieved Text: In turns poignant and funny, Dreary and Izzy is the story of Deirdre and her adopted sister, Isabelle. Deirdre is barely staying afloat as Isabelle's sole caregiver when gorgeous vacuum cleaner salesman Freddie Seven Horses arrives, sparking in each sister hopes for new opportunities and perhaps even love.
"The sisters' relationship anchors the play, and actors Roseanne Supernault (Isabelle) and Dakota Hebert (Deirdre) bring an easy, familiar chemistry to their scenes together... Supernault delivers a particularly captivating -- and, at times, monumentally uncomfortable -- performance in her role as Isabelle."
"Dreary and Izzy is expertly acted and staged... Hebert and Supernault are great as the sisters, and Supernault's portrayal of the afflicted Izzy is worth the price of admission alone."

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.806562
Retrieved Text: Rihanna appears in the sweeping sci-fi epic, ‘Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets’ co-starring Dane DeHaan and Cara Delevigne (plus Clive Owens, John Goodman and Kris Wu among others), is an original — for once, not a remake or a sequel! — directed by Luc Besson (The Fifth Element, The Professional), based on the comic series Valérian and Laureline.
Rihanna plays the part of Bubble, “a shapeshifting entertainer,” which means this role won’t be much of a stretch from her usual day job. She’s only in this new trailer for a half-second after the 2-minute mark, but her quick-change Cabaret-to-naughty-nurse moment alone is worth the price of admission.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.551577
Retrieved Text: Am I the only one who had hoped they would have simply remade 1987's G.I. Joe: The Movie as the upcoming (August 2009) live action G.I. Joe: Rise of Cobra? Well, Sideshow is getting on the Joe bandwagon early, as they have announced the 2nd figure in their 1:6 scale line of G.I. Joe characters.
The 12" tall Cobra Commander is the hooded version (not the mirrored battle helmet). He is decked out in a trench coat and comes with a ton of accessories. IT should begin shipping in quarter 2 of 2009 and runs $99.99.
I totally agree with you. They should have just remade it. The opening sequence would have been worth the price of admission alone. But this Cobra Commander looks sweet.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.548227
Retrieved Text: Description: The Kneeling Christian, though small, is big on the theology of prayer. In a truly interesting style, the author (an “unknown Christian”) simply goes to the Scripture and points out how important prayer is to the life of a believer.The first chapter alone is worth the price of admission.
In it, the author states that a person’s greatest regret, once in heaven, will be to look back and wonder why he or she didn’t pray more. When a person realizes how much can be gained by praying, it should astound us that we don’t spend more time on our knees.
• CHAPTER 5: WHAT IS PRAYER?
• CHAPTER 6: HOW SHALL I PRAY?
• CHAPTER 7: MUST I AGONIZE?
• CHAPTER 12: WHO MAY PRAY?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.544504
Retrieved Text: All right, "End of Eternity" soundtracks are just out.
6 CD ! That's huge for a single game. Has anybody here preordered it ? ordered it ? bought it ? received it ? listened to it ?
In a word : is it worth it ? And how is the music ingame ?
Dang, I almost wish it was fewer discs just so it could be less expensive. Haven't ordered or heard, but I hope it'll be worth it.
The soundtrack is quite padded out, Tanaka's map themes always come in day/night variations while Sakuraba's dungeon/battle themes come in normal/action variations. Especially the latter is presented very badly on the soundtrack since in-game the two variations can change back and forth at any time, representing the state of the battle. This means both variations have to have the same length, same basic structure and Sakuraba was apparently forced to stay in 4:4 rhythm all the time (taking away most of his usual rhythmic charms). As a result on the soundtrack the separated variations with typical Sakuraba track lengths likely sound droning to those who don't like the style he was asked to do there. The length alone will ensure there won't be many fans which I find that unfortunate since the game soundtrack (in-game, not so much the soundtrack release) is quite unique in approach and execution (like the whole game actually).
I was going to buy it, until I found out it's a 5000 yen 6 disc monster of a thing, and then I just lost interest.
There's no way I'm

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.493572
Retrieved Text: Nothing I've seen this winter beats this eight-day road trip from someone on the German-language Alpinforum. He does a great job describing everything (if interested, there's always Google Translate), but the photos alone are worth the price of admission.
I've always wanted to ski in Japan, even more so after seeing these reports. Unfortunately, as mentioned in one of Tony's TRs, the logistics from the East Coast -- a 14-hour nonstop to Tokyo followed by a connection to Sapporo + a 13-hour time difference -- make it a tough sell for anything less than a two-week stay (not a possibility for me).

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.289396
Retrieved Text: This highly detailed video illustrates the operation, rebuilding, alignment, troubleshooting and neutralizing of this transceiver. Dennis Brothers, WA0CBK, takes you through the KWM-2 and shows how easy it is to maintain this classic rig. The revised VIF alignment and modification details are worth the price of admission alone! Other topics covered are Tools & Equipment used, 70K-2 PTO rebuild, Dial Calibration and Modifications. Some of the Modifications discussed include the Tone Oscillator, BFO, VOX, Crystal Oscillator, Balanced Modulator, L3, R18, V4, R105, V16 and C266. This video is a must for anyone who owns and operates a KWM-2 / 2A. Printed notes, parts list, production test procedures and schematic are included.
Look at the product review of this video on page 77 of the April 1999 issue of QST!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.233076
Retrieved Text: There is a quiet, natural, and simple rhythm provided by logs in a log home. The logs are like snowflakes – there isn’t two alike in the world. Unlike dimensional lumber, where each piece is milled and cut to look identical to the next piece, logs have unique and unrepeatable geometry – lines, angles, shapes, slopes, circles, and patterns all originating from an imperfectly perfect tree. This geometry has no man as it’s engineer or architect. Most log buildings reveal their appeal and allure by leaving open the structural features which are not concealed by dry wall, plaster, or paint. This provides for a unique style of architecture. The quiet, rhythmic shapes of the log’s perfections, imperfections, and character fills the soul with the tranquility of being alone in nature. It’s well worth the price of admission.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.196888
Retrieved Text: Hello Gorgeous: Beach Week, Day Four: Bella Luna.
Time for some girly. And Bella Luna's the place. How fabulous is that garland? The window displays are worth the price of admission alone.
Bella Luna's online shop doesn't quite look open for business, but stayed tuned. To visit or bookmark for a future visit, go to bellalunatic.com.
The windows! How awesome are they?
Isn't it cute? She always has some neat little things.
I have one more post and will do it at some point this weekend. Actually, I have two but I think I'll save one for later.
The exterior ornament garland is the bomb diggity. Great color play.
I want to wrap everything imaginable in that oversize crazy garland, including the hubby if he will sit still.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.02979
Retrieved Text: Everything about this app is essentially perfect. It supports all aspects of Google Play Music All Access. It's great to have a native app as opposed to hunting for the one browser window in which you're playing a song. Also, the developer is super-responsive.
I'm not exaggerating when I say it was like hearing a heavenly chorus after I purchased this software and gave it a spin. My music library is cohesive, comprehensible and easy to navigate again.
Gear has an Equalizer. Songs of a live album are played back gapless. You may even stream your music to AirPlay or Chromecast devices, and scrobble to Last.fm. All that you would expect from a native music player is here!
Chromecast support alone makes this worth the price of admission. Works really well, as does the main player. Thanks!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.025185
Retrieved Text: Are photo workshops worth the price of admission?
"Let's face it, photography is a pretty addictive hobby. You start with a camera and a few lenses, and then get into a world where you need an L-plate, remote flash triggers, a sturdy tripod, L-lenses (and those are completely separate from the L-plate, mentioned before!), airplane tickets to remote locations and admissions to workshops to improve your photography. While the question 'Is it worth it?' is almost existential in scope, I want to try to answer the last question: Are workshops worth the price of admission?"

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.991995
Retrieved Text: Looking for some of Keith Urban's finest moments onstage? Dang, are there a lot of them! Since dropping his eponymous first album in 1999, the Aussie native has taken Nashville by storm, laying down hit after hit and winning over crowds worldwide with one of the best live shows there is.
Arguably one of Nashville's finest musicians, Urban's fan following hasn't slowed in the nearly two decades he's been playing for audiences as a solo act. His stage presence alone is enough to make an Urban concert worth the price of admission -- but then you throw in his killer guitar skills. Together, that's enough to make us ask: If you haven't seen Urban live ... well, why the heck not?!
Click through the photo gallery above to see some of the best live photos from throughout Urban's long and busy career.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.912687
Retrieved Text: Amid 440 acres on the Atlantic Coastal Ridge lies the Charles Deering Estate. Located on the property are two historic buildings, the main house (built by the Richmond family in 1896) and the Richmond Cottage, the first hotel (opened in 1900) between Coconut Grove and Key West. The property was purchased in 1913 by industrialist Charles Deering, son of the founder of Deering Harvesting Machine Company and International Harvester, and brother of James Deering, owner of the palatial Vizcaya nearby. Construction of the unique keyhole-shaped boat basin was begun in 1916, and completed two years later. Arriving boats had a grand view of the Cottage, the primary focal point from the basin. A winter home was built on the property in 1922. It housed Deering's collections of tapestries, art, and furnishings.
The property remained in the ownership of Deering's descendants until 1980. In 1985, the property was purchsed by the State of Florida and Miami-Dade County, and is now a grand park open to the public. The land is home to a several endangered habitats, including over 100 acres of coastal tropical hardwood hammock and 150 acres of pine rockland forest. Native plants abound on the property, and well as a wide variety of wildlife.
The Estate is open from 10 AM to 5 PM everyday (except Christmas and Thanksgiving). Admission is $7 for adults, $5 for children up to 14. Admission includes guided tours of the structures and the hardwood hammock. The beauty of the land alone is worth the price of admission - I could spend

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.850985
Retrieved Text: The juggernaut that is the Formation tour has officially taken flight as of yesterday! Your Queen is on her way to a makeshift hive near you, are y'all ready!?
Starting in Miami, the tour has kept the buzz around Beyonce- initially created by the critically acclaimed Lemonade release this week- humming nicely. Props to whoever coordinated the roll out of this project! It's practically perfect in every way.
So what are fans saying about the tour? Well, if the unwashed masses of YouTube are speaking the truth- most likely they iz not- there sure is a lot of lipping going on! I don't know, nor do I care right now to investigate further.
What I care about is the #Flawlessly hit F5 in Me Myself And I- @2.55. The weird, all over the place melody before and after ain't even bothering me. That there was worth the price of admission alone!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.705568
Retrieved Text: Unlock Behemoth mode and take control of 6 colossal sandworms! Devour as many sandsharks as possible in 2 minutes. The more sandsharks you devour in a row, the more will spawn!
Scorcher features multiple endless canyons, 3 unique ships to unlock, and the smoothest racing controls to ever grace a touchscreen. Combined with beautiful 60 FPS graphics, spectacular particle effects, 12 local and online leaderboards, and a pulse-pounding soundtrack, Scorcher is a must-have infinite racing game.
I like infinite runners, and it’s been a while since something good, yet challenging has come along. I was hit by surprise with this game. At first glance, it seemed it was going to be too hard. It’s fast and frantic, and crashing happens a lot early on. But, after some tinkering with options and just grinding a bit, I got a feel for the game and it’s an absolute joy to play.
The game is already worth the price of admission. The touch controls are flawless and the graphics are top notch. It is pretty, very pretty. The ease of “doing it one more time”, also just keeps me coming back for more. I’m really looking forward to seeing what comes with future updates.
I bought this cause it’s premium and looked fun. I thought about asking for a Switch port but I think this plays better on iPad than it would on Switch, but who knows 🤷‍♀️ I just know I enjoy this game.
In a world where the “free-to-play” model has all but ruined mobile gaming, anyone complaining about the $3 charge

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.87201
Retrieved Text: If there’s one black eye Hollywood has, it’s a long history of whitewashing dating back to the very beginning days of the film industry. Since as far back as the 30s, movies have been casting white actors in Asian, African-American, Hispanic, and Native American roles to an offensive extent. Despite the acknowledgment of this on numerous occasions, the trend has continued up until today. 40 to 50 years ago, while shameful, it made sense; segregation was still a reality, and the idea of racial sensitivity was a relative unknown. But to see it today is inexcusable, making it that much more baffling when Emma Stone was cast as an Asian-American and Hawaiian character in Cameron Crowe’s Aloha.
The controversy surrounding Stone’s casting became the most talked-about aspect of Aloha upon its release, leading many wonder what Crowe was thinking. Why even try and pretend Emma Stone is anything but white? For one, it’s not like there’s a line around the block of A-list Asian/Hawaiian actors that could provide top billing for the role in lieu of Stone. Given that Cameron Crowe also wrote the movie in addition to directing, he didn’t have the role anything but white. But he chose to anyway, knowing full well that he’d have to cast someone white anyway. Here we have the core problem in Hollywood.
There’s no point in writing a minority role with a white actor in mind. It’s rarely (ever) ended in anything but an offensive and flat performance, and is never worth the controversy it inevitably drums up. Johnny

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.304382
Retrieved Text: Here’s what it’s really like to work in Hollywood if you’re not a straight white man.
As the Oscars approach, several actors, directors, screenwriters, and producers who are not straight white men spoke to the New York Times about the professional experiences inside Hollywood. And many of the celebrities are pulling the curtain behind the racist practices Hollywood desperately tries to keep a secret.
What do you do when someone says, “Your color skin is not what we’re looking for”?
I was 18 and putting myself on tape for a movie I really wanted. I got that phone call: They cast a Latino male in another role in the film; they’re not looking to cast [a Latina]. So I defiantly bleached my hair blond, painted my face white and made the audition tape. I never heard back. I just remember feeling so powerless. What do you do when someone says, “Your color skin is not what we’re looking for”? Let me tell you: Blond does not suit me.
I remember moving to L.A. and auditioning and not being Latin enough for certain roles. Some white male casting director was dictating what it meant to be Latin.
Eva Longoria, star of Desperate Housewives, Telenovela and producer of Desperate Housewives, discussed how casting directors bashed her in the audition room.
The article features anecdotes from a ton of A-list actors, producers, and directors. It is definitely an inside look at the hypocriticalness of Hollywood.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.07448
Retrieved Text: Wednesday, May 6th at 7:30PM in Hollywood.
Don’t miss this great opportunity to be seen by a top Hollywood casting director! Ben Harris is a casting associate with Allison Jones Casting.
They’re currently casting Paul a feature for Working Title Films and Universal.
They’ve cast shows like The Office and Parks And Recreation.
They’re the casting office for film director Judd Apatow.
This casting showcase is open to all ages. Actors will perform their own material which can be a monologue, a scene, or a reading.
The event costs $50 if you pay at the door or $45 (10% discount) if you pre-pay through Pay Pal (see “Pay Now” button below). Please RSVP if you would like to pay at the door. 818-754-5745.
Space is limited and will be given out on a first come, first serve basis.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.92901
Retrieved Text: O'Reilly advocated profiling of all "Muslims between the ages of 16 and 45," but not "racial profiling"
On the August 16 edition of Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor, host Bill O'Reilly argued extensively for "profiling of Muslims" at airports, arguing that detaining all "Muslims between the ages of 16 and 45" for questioning "isn't racial profiling," but "criminal profiling."
Discussing the August 16 rerouting of a flight from London to Washington, D.C., due to a passenger disturbance, O'Reilly posed the question: "Is profiling Muslims the answer?" Apparently answering in the affirmative, O'Reilly declared, "[I]t's long past time for the USA to stop the nonsense and institute profiling at airports" because "[w]e're not at war with Granny Fricken. We're at war with Muslim fanatics. So, all young Muslims should be subjected to more scrutiny than Granny." Yet, despite advocating for profiling all "Muslims between the ages of 16 and 45," O'Reilly declared that such profiling "isn't racial profiling," but rather "criminal profiling" or, as he later termed it, "[t]error profiling."
O'REILLY: The O'Reilly Factor is on. Tonight, more airline chaos today, this time on a London to D.C. flight. Is profiling of Muslims the answer? Is it time for a new strategy in Iraq? [Fox News contributor and former House Speaker] Newt Gingrich [R-GA] on that. And how should religious people fight the war on terror?
But first, a "Talking Points Memo." More airline terror chaos. As you may know, some woman caused a commotion on a United flight from London to D.C. The plane was escorted by American fighter jets

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.71728
Retrieved Text: Click here to learn about our policies and requirements.
Click here to rent space by the hour.
Now Serving Filmmakers all over the US.
Filmmakers all over the US can cast projects on our site. Additionally, filmmakers in Los Angeles can book free casting space at our studios.
First time casting with us? Click here to create your free filmmaker’s account, or simply click the “create a new project” and “create a role” buttons below.
Once you’re created your project online, and uploaded your character sides, email us at book@hcandf.com to book your room. Please specify the name of your project, and the date you wish to cast (We are open Monday-Saturday, 10am-6pm).
Still Have Questions? Here's a Filmmaker FAQ that may help!
Q : I am setting up a free casting session with Hollywood Casting and Film for the first time, and I know that you require that I invite actors from your database. But will I be allowed to invite actors from other websites tomy audition?
A: Yes, while we do require that you invite actors from our database, you will also be able to invite actors from other websites as well.After creating your project, we'll send you a detailed video tutorial explaining how to invite actors from our website, and how to schedule actors from other sites to your casting session.
Q: How will videos be recorded and uploaded during our free casting session?
A: During your free casting session, we'll provide you with a camera, equipped with Zeiss lenses to record your auditions.After each and every take, audition footage will instantly start

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.876484
Retrieved Text: “The Justice Department should be commended for using the tools at its disposal to investigate the Ferguson Police Department. Michael Brown’s death touched off a long-overdue and much-needed conversation about race and policing that must continue. The U.S. still has a long way to go before it has truly accountable policing. This country’s long history of racial profiling and other police abuses is only matched by its equally long history of inadequate accountability for those responsible. President Obama should support the creation of a National Crime and Justice Task Force to review and evaluate all components of the criminal justice system and make recommendations on comprehensive criminal justice reform.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.856865
Retrieved Text: I recently attended a workshop that was led by a top Hollywood casting agent. He was imparting advice to young actors. He had three key points.
1) Be yourself. Acting is about showing a freshness and originality. Casting directors seek out people who are different, that bring something new to the camera or the stage. The best actors can take on the persona of the character while maintaining their own personality. That is what makes for a great actor.
2) Actors spend most of their careers auditioning. Really they should be called auditioners, rather than actors. To be in show business you must love to audition. There are very few actors who don’t have to audition because they are sought out.
3) Even the most famous actors are continually refining their craft. The top Hollywood actors continue to take classes and to work with acting coaches throughout their careers. A thirst for learning and trying new approaches is the key to a long and successful acting career.
have pursued a career like mine as an executive coach. He too saw the parallels between his advice for actors and my advice for business leaders.
To be successful as a business leader following the casting agent’s advice would serve you well.
Be yourself. Leadership is very much about authenticity and originality. The best leaders are those who are self-aware and use their unique strengths to their advantage.
Too many people spend their working lives trying to be like someone else or adjusting their personality and approach to “fit in”.
Life is a series of auditions. If

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.47517
Retrieved Text: They call themselves "Latins Anonymous," but they won't stay anonymous for long--they're too good.
The Los Angeles comedy group is ending an extended engagement at the Los Angeles Theatre Center, where it has broken records with the longest running show presented there. And it has received rave reviews.
Ventura County residents have the rare opportunity of seeing the play at no charge as part of California Lutheran University's Festival de Encuentros on March 29.
Written and performed by Rick Najera, Luisa Leschin, Armando Molina and Diane Rodriguez, four Latino actors in their 30s, "Latins Anonymous" addresses the issue of "Latin denial" while exploding the myth of a "single Latin experience."
With irreverent, witty dialogue, the play combines two realities. First, the foursome interacts with the audience as if all present were attending weekly support group meetings for conflicted Latins.
"The first time I realized I was Mexican," says Najera in the first scene, "was when I asked my mother if I could play with the Mexican kids down the block, and she told me if I wanted to play with a Mexican, I could stay home and play with myself."
Each writer/actor brings his own experience to his character. Leschin, the daughter of a Central American president, grew up in Guatemala before spending several years abroad. Her character is into major denial, going so far as changing her name and claiming to be French.
Molina, the son of Colombian immigrants, uses his background in New York stand-up comedy to perfection as morose Puerto Rican poet Joaquin Bucaramanga. Hoping to entice a woman back

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.424137
Retrieved Text: Recent news that Laverne Cox has been cast in a network pilot to play yet another trans role has mostly been met with warmth and celebration by the transgender community. Cisgender actors have traditionally played transgender roles in Hollywood. It is refreshing to see the trend get bucked, even if it is just a little.
Hollywood follows its own rules. If something works once, Hollywood being trained to try to get it to work again. Don’t expect the doors to immediately open for transgender actors.
The door has simply opened for one trans actor. Most transgender people would be hard pressed to name any trans actor other than Laverne Cox. Due to the way Hollywood works, expect Laverne to get her pick of such actors roles at the cost of other actors getting a shot. There are only so many trans roles out there now.
At the same time, cisgender actors continue to play transgender roles. Laverne did not win an Emmy for her work in, “Orange is the New Black” (yet), but Jeffrey Tambor recently got a Golden Globe for his work in, “Transparent” and Jared Leto an Oscar for his role in, “Dallas Buyers Club“. Hillary Swank also took an Oscar home for Best Actress for, “Boys Don’t Cry“.
If it works, Hollywood will try to do it again. If cisgender actors are bringing home awards, the next best thing after money, Hollywood takes note.
“Transparent” has cast many trans actors but none are the lead. Why? Well, Tambor is a known actor and, casting already knew how he’d

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.02647
Retrieved Text: 5 fabulous people Hollywood should be hiring instead of boring, posh gits.
BlogBlog, Disney, Fagulous, Film, gay london, Humour, Jack Whitehall, Julian Clary, Kathy Burke, london, Olivia Colman, OpinionLeave a Comment on 5 fabulous people Hollywood should be hiring instead of boring, posh gits.
Should Hollywood stop hiring posh gits? Lord knows casting directors would have a tough job if they couldn’t rely on the same pale faced actors for all their films!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.445763
Retrieved Text: Good news: When it comes to diversity and representation, Hollywood recently did something right. It was announced on Wednesday that Auli’i Cravalho has been cast as Moana, the newest Disney animated heroine, in Moana. According to People, Cravalho is 14-year-old native of Oahu, Hawaii and high school sophomore, and clearly the entire casting department was impressed by her — after all, she was offered the role out of the thousands that auditioned. But, the thing that's the most impressive about this casting is that Disney cast a person of color to actually play a person of color. Because, in an industry where whitewashing characters (i.e. casting white actors and actresses to play people of color) has been a longstanding problem, it’s a really, really good thing that Disney has cast Cravalho to play their newest princess.
The issue of whitewashing was thrown into the spotlight after this summer’s release of Aloha. The film, which starred Bradley Cooper and Rachel McAdams alongside a mostly white cast, received a ton of criticism for casting Emma Stone as a character of Asian-American descent. The casting choice started a very important conversation about Hollywood’s history of whitewashing characters of color by casting Caucasians instead.
Even Emma Stone spoke about the issue with an Australian news site, saying she had learned a lot about whitewashing from the experience, and what a huge problem it really is. Because, the fact of the matter is that there are already so few roles out there actors of color (and even fewer that aren’t wrapped in stereotype),

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.311188
Retrieved Text: Bryan Cranston takes on the role of a quadriplegic billionaire in "The Upside." The casting of an able-bodied person for the role sparked backlash.
Bryan Cranston is standing by his decision to play a disabled character following criticism for his role in "The Upside."
Cranston, best known for playing Walter White in the hit TV show "Breaking Bad," takes on the role of a quadriplegic billionaire who forms an unlikely friendship with a paroled convict-turned-caretaker (played by comedian Kevin Hart).
The casting of an able-bodied person for the role sparked some backlash on Twitter amid Hollywood's push toward more inclusion, but Cranston said his portrayal of Phillip Lacasse was a "business decision."
"As actors, we're asked to be other people, to play other people," he said during an interview with the Press Association, per Sky News and BBC. "If I, as a straight, older person, and I'm wealthy, I'm very fortunate, does that mean I can't play a person who is not wealthy, does that mean I can't play a homosexual?"
He continued: "Where does the restriction apply, where is the line for that?"
Despite defending his choice to portray a character who uses a wheelchair, Cranston acknowledged "the need to expand the opportunities for people with disabilities."
There is a long history of able-bodied actors playing disabled characters in Hollywood, as recently as Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson in "Skyscraper,"Sally Hawkins in "The Shape of Water," Jake Gyllenhaal in "Stronger," Ansel Elgort in "The Fault in Our Stars" and Eddie Redmayne in "The Theory of Everything," and as famously as Daniel Day-Lewis in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.959282
Retrieved Text: Over half of Germans stand behind the police’s decision to check some 2,000 North African and Arab men on New Year’s Eve in Cologne based solely on their appearance while a staggering 69 percent believe racial profiling is a must in police work, a new poll reveals.
The YouGov poll was published on Thursday as a debate flared up between different sections of the German public on whether and to what extent the conduct of Cologne police towards perceived migrants from North African countries can be justified.
Overall, some 52 percent of Germans told the pollsters they approve of the way the police handled the situation at Cologne’s main railway station. The mass police effort, involving over 3,000 officers, was aimed at to prevent by all means the rerun of the chaos into which the last year celebrations descended after hundreds of men of North African and Arab appearance allegedly robbed and assaulted local women, as reported by the victims.
Only 8 percent of respondents sided with the viewpoint that “some of the measures by police were so problematic that I assess police operation generally critical.” Critics consider the move to bear signs of racial discrimination.
The poll has also revealed the sharp difference of opinion between different generations of Germans, notably between those from 18 to 29 years and those aged 60 and older. The young people appear to have considerably lower tolerance to racial profiling, with only thirty-eight percent of them holding a favorable view of the operation against 63 percent among the 60-plus group.
The Cologne police’s choice

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.927229
Retrieved Text: I saw Gunn High School’s rendition of Lin-Manuel Miranda’s “In the Heights” performed in March. Although the actors were immensely talented and the show was beautifully staged and sung, something seemed off. The musical explores the stories of immigrants from the Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico and Cuba, among other Latin American countries. However, according Gunn senior Arman Moleshi, who plays Usnavi, the show’s lead, while Gunn’s cast was comprised of 60 students, only three were Hispanic.
“Heights” is one musical where race is obviously at the forefront of the plot. So when Gunn, a school with an eight percent Hispanic population chose to perform it, I was taken aback.
The school’s demographic should have been the first clue to Gunn to choose a more appropriate musical. Even Moleshi himself says that there “weren’t enough auditionees who were of the ethnicities” of the characters in the show.
It seems to me that perhaps this was a quick, ill-advised decision, without enough thought of Gunn’s lack of diversity.
Shelby defends his decision to cast white and Asian actors as characters of Latinx descent by citing Lin-Manuel Miranda, who stated in an interview with Broadway World that he understands colorblind casting for these roles in less diverse high schools, like Gunn.
“When I see a school production with not a lot of Latino students doing it [“In the Heights”], I know they’re learning things about Latino culture that go beyond what they’re fed in the media every day,” Miranda said.
Moleshi also says that the Gunn cast intended to celebrate Latinx culture through their rendition.
“There’s

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.900812
Retrieved Text: "Having worked with Stephanie and Alison for 8 years now, I would recommend them for any casting job, big or small. Alison and Stephanie understand their clients and their casting needs, being able to provide brilliant cast again and again.
Their knowledge of actors and their creative ability to think out of the box is what often gives your production that extra edge.
" I have been a casting director from the U.S. for over 30 years. Luckily, Chicken and Chips was recommended to me as I was casting a worldwide campaign. Stephanie, Alison and their team did a wonderful job of pulling together several terrific casting sessions for me. It was a large brief with all sorts of ethnicities, accents and ages. They were spot on, and brought in great talent. They would be my first call for another project!"
Steph & Alison are two of the most lovely & professional people I've had the pleasure of working with. One of the biggest differences in making great low-budget cinema is the quality of talent available and I've always felt I've had the best local talent to cast from working with Steph & Alison. They're my one and only port-of-call. I regard them as friends and an integral part of the team.
Chicken and Chips have done all my casting since their inception and I have never been less than thrilled. In a nutshell, I always get actors who fulfill the promise of the character on the page. There’s no such thing as an initial cattle call with Al and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.803642
Retrieved Text: What usually separates a student film from professional production is the actors aren’t paid in pizza. Making a career in film in television, you can’t rely on friends of friends, you have to have a great casting director.
But what do they do? And what separates a great casting director from the rest?
If you want to learn how to become a casting director, or just curious how much a casting director makes, we’re covering everything you need to break into casting.
SO...What does a casting director do?
On smaller productions, it’s primarily the responsibility of the director and producer to cast the film. Sure, they might outsource the extras casting to a company like Central Casting, but the main parts?
The director and producer will take care of that themselves.
The more a production scales up, however, the larger the demands on the director’s and producer’s attention grow. That’s where the casting agent comes in.
Eventually, though, you’ll want to move on to greater things. If you find you aren’t growing at your current casting company, it might be time to branch out and go solo.
What are the key casting director responsibilities?
The casting director’s job starts in pre-production. After reading the script, they’ll work with the line producer to get an idea of what their budget is, as well as what their casting needs are based on the script.
After that, they’ll meet with the producer and director to get a broader idea of what the director envisions for each character.
Whatever the amount of direction, the casting director is now the point person

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.80272
Retrieved Text: This week sees the release of The Danish Girl, Tom Hooper’s long-awaited film about Lili Elbe (born Einar Wegener), the first person to ever undergo gender reassignment surgery. The lead role is played by the current ‘Best Actor in the World’, Eddie Redmayne, but should a trans actor have taken the role instead?
Three of our writers – Sophie Wing, Phil Bayles and Maddie Joint – will be putting forward their views, with the debate moderated by features editor Tom Bond. We’ll be using the terms ‘cis’ and ‘trans’ a lot throughout, so in case you’re not familiar with them, cis refers to someone who identifies as the gender they were born as, and trans refers to someone who identifies as a different gender to the one they were born as.
Tom: What was everyone’s initial reaction to Redmayne’s casting?
Sophie: I think it’s yet another example of Hollywood thinking itself open and forward thinking when in fact it’s reinforcing a continuing negative attitude towards trans people in Hollywood. Notice the distinction there is between trans people and trans roles?
Phil: It is kind of strange that Tom Hooper is on record as saying “the film industry has a problem with transgender actors”, while at the same time completely missing the opportunity to give a really important role to a trans actor.
Maddie: My first reaction was just: “Seriously, Redmayne? Again?” He rode the line hugely with Stephen Hawking when there are such limited roles for disabled actors and then moved right on to trans women.
Tom: Is it relevant that for

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.189096
Retrieved Text: Did Donald Trump hire actors at his announcement?
Donald Trump is facing accusations that he paid actors to cheer him on at his presidential announcement Tuesday.
The Hollywood Reporter says it has a copy of a casting-call email sent from a New York-based agency, offering $50 to background actors for less than three hours of work.
The email says, "We understand this is not a traditional 'background job,' but we believe acting comes in all forms and this is inclusive of that school of thought."
When asked by the Hollywood Reporter, the casting agency denied sending that email but wouldn't comment further. Angelo Carusone, who many media outlets call an anti-Trump activist, first made the allegations after seeing a man's Instagram post from the event online.
"He uses social media to post pictures of himself at gigs –– which makes perfect sense –– and I recognized him as an actor, so I started to do a little digging and discovered that the other person featured was an actress as well," Carusone told MSNBC.
However, MSNBC reported in its own investigation, no person has said they were paid to be there. So again, the only evidence is the alleged email posted by The Hollywood Reporter.
Trump's not the only candidate to be accused of doctoring support. In April, Hillary Clinton held what her campaign called an unscripted roundtable discussion in Iowa, yet a man told the Daily Mail it was staged and that the campaign staff even drove him to the location.
This practice candidates are accused of is known as "astroturfing," playing on the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.160295
Retrieved Text: Latin American historians have a long tradition of thinking with regions. The focus on regions as sub-national, geographically discrete spaces has long been part of efforts to understand social, political, and racial dynamics of Latin American nations; their geographically and ethnic fragmentation that long plagued efforts to forge unified and homogenous nation-states. Likewise, historians have often worked implicitly and explicitly with larger geo-political regions such as the Caribbean, Central America or the idea of America writ large. While it was once possible to assume these regional identities were a priori categories, scholars have now made clear that regions were the product of political struggles and contestations over meanings, boundaries, and exclusions. These sub- and supra-national identities have long forced historians to problematize the conceit of nationalist narratives. Indeed, scholars have now moved beyond the notion that regional affiliations and identities were hindrances to national cohesion and the related teleological notion of the nation-state that posited that regional affinities would ultimately fade away with the final triumph of the nation-state. Yet, what these regions meant varied significantly over time and across social actors. Sometimes regional identities were loudly announced by actors seeking a national or even global stage. At other times, they were shrouded in secrecy and have been buried in the archival record.
The papers in this panel collectively consider how a distinct set of sub- and supra-national regions in Latin American –– the Caribbean, Alta Verapaz in Guatemala, and the Northwest of Argentina –– were constructed out of political struggle and imaginaries by different actors. Carloyne

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.031084
Retrieved Text: The United States law enforcement agencies have over the years received immense criticism over racial profiling. A simple definition of racial profiling would be the use of the ethnic and racial characteristics as a tool to determine the likelihood of a person to commit a crime. Ethnic minorities have over the years been at the receiving end over their alleged involvement in crime. The existing statistics especially by the American Civil Liberties Union indicates that people of African American descent are more likely to be stopped by the police over suspicion of committing some crimes compared to other groups. The issue of Blacks being stopped by traffic police has been well documented. In the recent years though, Arabs have joined the fray and have been victims of racial profiling being associated with terrorism. Muslims and indeed individuals of Middle Eastern origin are more likely to undergo rigorous searches at the airport over the suspicions of being terrorists. Whereas racial profiling may be informed by past history, it is not justifiable as it perpetuates systemic discrimination.
President George W Bush came out strongly urging Americans not to vent their anger on the Muslims and particularly on the Arabs noting that Islam as a religion represents peace. However, his words were a far cry from the experience on the ground. Suspicions are rife that all people of Middle Eastern origin are up to no good and that they stand as a threat to national security. This is a perception that has been perpetuated by a popular stereotype that link

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.0309
Retrieved Text: Where Does The Job of Casting Director Begin and How Long Does It Last?
Many potential actors are trying to get in touch with casting directors. Directors also work with casting directors in order to find the right actors. Ezgi Baltaş will shed light on the duties of a casting director and share her experiences in the field with the festival followers.
Ezgi Baltaş was born in 1983, in Batman. She double majored in Radio, Cinema and Television and Theater Criticism and Dramaturgy at Istanbul University. After working in different areas of the cinema sector, she started working as a cast director in 2007. She worked in many award-winning films as a cast director, such as Emin Alper's latest feature film Sisters, which competed in 69th Berlinale, Our Grand Despair, Frenzy, Underground, Until I Lose My Breath, The Blue Wave and Announcement.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.80747
Retrieved Text: The real issue is that Disney was looking for Middle Eastern actors for what they explicitly said was a Middle Eastern role.
Disney recently announced their selections for the cast of the new live-action remake of the 1992 animated movie, Aladdin. The announcement, however, was met with widespread outrage. British actress Naomi Scott of Indian heritage was selected to play Jasmine, and people were furious at Disney’s failure to give the opportunity to someone who is actually Arab.
Prior to this announcement, Disney had disclosed that they had been having difficulty selecting Middle Eastern actors for the part.
“It can’t be easy to cast a Middle Eastern actor as a terrorist but difficult to cast the same people in a leading role,” the journalist Rawan Eewshah wrote for Allure on Friday.
With so many Middle Eastern actors and actresses readily available in Hollywood today, why did Disney make the choice that they did?
It turns out that their cast selection for this movie is only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to their inherent and long-standing racism problem.
The 1992 Aladdin was fashioned loosely after a Syrian tale, and the name of the town, Agrabah, is a mixture of the names of Agra and Baghdad – Agra being in India and Baghdad being in Iraq – and the palace in the movie is clearly fashioned after the Taj Mahal. Marketed as a Middle Eastern setting, this was pretty confusing to people who took the time to think about it. It seemed as though the creators of the movie – a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.80282
Retrieved Text: Police have the vital and difficult job of protecting public safety, but performing their job effectively does not require sacrificing civil liberties. Police agencies must respect the rights of individuals while enforcing the law.
Racial profiling, selective enforcement must end.
Good police practices, thorough training, carefully crafted policies, and appropriate allocation of resources in law enforcement can ensure public safety and prevent abuses in encounters between police and other law enforcement officers and the public.
Unfortunately, across the nation and here in San Diego and Imperial counties, patterns of racial profiling, the selective enforcement of laws against people of color, and disturbing traffic- and pedestrian-stop policies have resulted in a disproportionate effect on communities of color and poorer communities.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.587713
Retrieved Text: Consider Gina Rodriguez the new John Cusack, because she's about to bring what will undoubtedly be an iconic romantic comedy to Netflix.
The Hollywood Reporter confirmed on Monday that the Jane the Virgin actor will star in and produce Somebody Great, a story about a woman (Rodriguez) who undergoes a devastating breakup. Rather than wallow in her sorrows, she rounds up her best friends and causes all kinds of trouble around New York City before moving across the country for a fresh start and a new job. Don't just settle for a new haircut when you could have a brand-new life, girl!
If you're not into super sappy romance flicks, you're likely in luck with Somebody Great. The film, which will be directed by Jennifer Kaytin Robinson, boasts an impressive list of producers, including Paul Feig and Jessie Henderson (Ghostbusters), Anthony Bregman (Our Idiot Brother), and Peter Cron (American Ultra).
Robinson celebrated the news of her directorial debut on Twitter.
"I always wanted to watch a romantic comedy where a woman could be her own white knight. A movie that's central love story revolves around female friendship. And now I get to make one," she wrote. "To be on this journey with @PaulFeig, @HereIsGina and @Netflix is a dream come true."
Though many details surrounding the film have yet to be released, we couldn't be more thrilled by its promise to portray a Latina woman as someone who's simultaneously strong, vulnerable, independent, and driven. From what we know so far, this is a huge departure from 2002's problematic NYC-based rom-com, Maid

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.575966
Retrieved Text: When my son Matthew first asked if I wanted to go to Hollywood and sign up as a television extra (background actor), I was all ears. Even though acting has never been in my blood, my grandfather Henry Weinberger made a living as an assistant director for MGM decades ago. But this was not about a career change, just a fun thing to do with my grownup son.
Central Casting of Burbank has been discovering actors since 1925. Mug shots of famous people were posted all over the walls in the large office where we waited for an information session. Since Hollywood is always looking for fresh faces, I thought just maybe I could get a gig.
The 75 people waiting definitely skewed on the young side, with most applicants ranging under 35. Some had been there before, others were dressed up for a character role. You could tell there were a few starving actors, including some who just wanted the paycheck of roughly $13 per hour.
It immediately became clear that extras are clearly the low people on the movie-making totem pole. Most jobs involve being in an audience or group, walking in the background, playing friends or co-workers, sometimes you barely will be seen…if at all. There are no lines. You may be seen, but not heard.
After Matt and I filled out a bunch of forms and had a photo taken, we were told by the casting person someone would contact us if we could fill a role. There are no phone calls, only a text with

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.354355
Retrieved Text: The Emmy Award-winning comedy "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend" is changing things up in its third season. Actor Vincent Rodriguez III joins Cheddar to discuss why he thinks the show has been so successful. The triple-threat actor, singer, and dancer reveals what it was like to serve as assistant choreographer on one of his big musical numbers this season.
Rodriguez III says its been inspiring getting to work alongside series creator Rachel Bloom. He explains how the experience readied him to move outside his comfort zone and work behind the scenes. The triple threat also considers whether he'd ever return to New York to star on Broadway.
Finally, Rodriguez discusses what it's like being one of the few Asian-American actors portraying a romantic lead in Hollywood. The entertainment industry has seen its share of controversy for casting white actors as Asian characters. The actor says it's a fantastic time to be diverse in the industry.
Actors Rachel Bloom and Adam Pally join Cheddar's Kristen Scholer at South by Southwest to talk about their new film "Most Likely to Murder." Pally tells us what it's like to play both the hero and the villain. Bloom digs into love and friendship and the thin line between love and hate that is central to the film. Rachel Bloom won a Golden Globe for her performance in the hit show "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend."
Caitlin Barlow & Katy Colloton Borrow From Real Life for TV Land’s "Teachers"
Caitlin Barlow and Katy Colloton are part of a six-person comedy group called the Katydids. The team writes and stars in the TV

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.349354
Retrieved Text: Top Casting Questions Answered! Jen Rudin Casting's "Confessions of a Casting Director"
By Editor Tracy Bobbitt|2019-01-22T19:14:18-07:00September 13th, 2014|Categories: Ask the Casting Director!, Auditions, THE BUZZ|Tags: Caroline Mangan Gerasimovich, casting child actors, casting teen actors, CHILD ACTORS, child stars, confessions of a casting director, Elizabeth Paddock, Hollywood Mom Tracy Bobbitt, how to become a child actor, how to become a child star, janeane garofalo, jen rudin, jen rudin casting, Lisa Pitts, Michelle Barrett Gower, Montauk Highway, Sandra Grandt Berney, teen actors, theatrical casting director, top casting questions, Tracy Bobbitt, Tracy Leeward Kuipers|Comments Off on Top Casting Questions Answered! Jen Rudin Casting's "Confessions of a Casting Director"
ATLA EXPO 2014 for CHILD ACTORS!
By Editor Tracy Bobbitt|2019-01-22T19:14:22-07:00September 5th, 2014|Categories: HOW TO BECOME A CHILD ACTOR, Joey King, THE BUZZ, Top Child Stars|Tags: 36 Top Talent Agents and Managers, ATLA Child Actors Expo, Best child actor networking event, child acting expo, CHILD ACTORS, child stars, how to become a child star, how to become a disney star, how to find an agent for your child, Jeremy Apody Abrams Artists, joey king, Laurie Morella Founder of ATLA, Meet Casting Directors, Meet top talent agents, Shandon Amazing Headshots, Suite Life Executive Producer Irene Dreayer, The Hollywood Mom Blog, The Looking Ahead Program for child actors, top child stars, Top Talent Agents and Managers, Tracy Bobbitt|Comments Off on ATLA EXPO 2014 for CHILD ACTORS!
It's that time of year again when ACTOR TRAINING IN LOS ANGELES (ATLA) hosts it's highly anticipated ATLA EXPO which will take place at the Universal City Hilton on October 18, 2014.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.273584
Retrieved Text: Sunday night was triumphant for black actors. The 23rd Screen Actors Guild Awards brought trophies to Fences&apos; primary pair of actors, Denzel Washington and Viola Davis, as well as Moonlight&apos;s Mahershala Ali and the ensemble cast of Hidden Figures. The wins continue this award show&apos;s trend of rejecting the exclusivity of awards season — and Hollywood in general.
Yet beyond the wins themselves, which give momentary feelings of thrill, there was a bigger movement happening throughout the night — one Davis zeroed in on in her acceptance speech as she paid tribute to Fences playwright August Wilson.
"What August did so beautifully is he honored the average man who happened to be a man of color," Davis said. "Sometimes, we don&apos;t have to shake the world and move the world and create anything that is going to be in the history book. The fact that we breathed and live a life and was a god to our children, just that means we have a story and it deserves to be told. We deserve to be in the canon, in the center of any narrative that&apos;s written out there."
Davis is emphasizing what the SAG voters endorsed: that the ordinary of black lives is as worthy of attention as the extraordinary. Stories like 12 Years a Slave are vital. Telling the untold tales like in Hidden Figures is necessary. But an ordinary man, like Fences&apos; Troy Maxson, is deserving of attention, too.
It&apos;s a point #OscarsSoWhite creator and writer April Reign has made multiple times, including in a Facebook Live interview

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.15813
Retrieved Text: Get the Latest Casting News 411 news on your favorite actors in Hollywood!
Find out the latest Casting News 411 on your favorite actors or actress in Hollywood. See who got cast in your favorite films from CelebNMovies247.com. Get the latest casting news 411 for movies in theaters, new movies on DVD, Horror Movies, Superhero movies, blockbusters, sequels and franchise movies.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.075699
Retrieved Text: Documentarian Tom Donahue’s Casting By spotlights one of filmmaking’s unsung heroes: the casting director. The film views the last half-century of Hollywood history from a different perspective, and features iconoclastic casting pioneer Marion Dougherty using her exquisite taste and gut instincts to reject traditional Hollywood typecasting and bring new kinds of leading men and women to the screen. Behind the scenes, this woman played a huge role in bringing actors such as James Dean, Dustin Hoffman, Bette Midler, Robert Duvall, Diane Lane, Warren Beatty, Robert Redford, Glenn Close and Gene Hackman onto the big screen. In the process, she helped change the old studio system and usher in a new Hollywood through movies like Midnight Cowboy, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Full Metal Jacket, The World According Garp, and Gorillas in the Mist. The documentary was produced by Joanna Colbert, one of L.A.’s top independent casting directors and former Vice President of Casting at Universal Pictures. She often collaborated with Jean-Louis Rodrigue and speaks about casting at UCLA.
I have wonderful memories of Marion Dougherty. When we first met in 1988 at Warner Bros., she was Head of Casting. At the time, Ms. Dougherty was casting The Memphis Belle, a film produced by Catherine Wyler and David Puttnam. I was curious to discover more about the casting process, and Marion was gracious in allowing me to watch a few days of casting for the film. She sat in her rocking chair in her cozy casting office filled with antiques and wearing a cat sweater, and she

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.492785
Retrieved Text: To the delight and surprise of everyone involved in the project, it was announced on 4 October that the restoration the remote and dilapidated medieval house at Ty Mawr in mid Wales had won the prestigious Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors ‘Building of the Year Award 2000’. The surprise of the winners was both genuine and understandable: the list of runners-up for the award included the National Botanic Gardens of Wales, The Royal Opera House, London Eye, Tate Modern, and even the Sydney Olympic site!
The medieval aisled hall was first discovered in the 1970s by the building historian Peter Smith. Then in use as a barn, it is one of only a relatively small number of known aisle-truss houses in Wales, and lies perched on the side of the hill, like a ship waiting to be launched into the valley below. Detailed building recording and small-scale archaeological excavation was undertaken by Philip Dixon and the late Patricia Borne of Nottingham University in the late 1970s, but it was only after many years of uncertainty about the best course of action that it was finally decided to restore the building in situ. The team involved in the project included architect Mike Garner, owners Powis Castle Estate, historic building advisers Cadw: Welsh Historic Monuments, builders Frank Galliers Ltd, together with archaeologists from the Clwyd-Powys Archaeological Trust who were responsible for undertaking further archaeological excavation and recording during the course of the project. The citation for the award notes that ‘Considerable credit is due to the team involved for

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.94976
Retrieved Text: 28. In the work itself, named THE TRUE CHRISTIAN RELIGION, it has been shown that by the two trees, the one of "life" and the other of the "knowledge of good and evil," being placed in the garden of Eden, is signified that free-determination in spiritual things was given to man (n. 466-469); to which must be added that without such free-determination man would not be a man, but only a figure and semblance; for his thought would be without reflection, consequently without judgment, and thus in Divine things, which are the things of the Church, he would have no more power of turning himself, than a door without a hinge, or, with a hinge, bolted with a steel bar; and his will would be without decision, consequently no more active with respect to justice or injustice than a tombstone, beneath which lies a dead body. That man's life after death, and the immortality of his soul, is owing to the gift of this free-determination, and that this is the "likeness of God," has been proved in the work itself-as also above.
 Yea, man, that is, his mind, without this would be like a sponge which imbibes water in great abundance but is not able to discharge it, in consequence of which both would decompose,-the water into foulness, and the sponge into slime. Consequently, the Church with such a person would not be a Church, and thus a temple wherein the worship of God is performed; it would be like the den of some wild beast

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.695
Retrieved Text: The symbiosis of good and evil is the film's philosophical core, and images of duality and cloaked identity are strewn through it like shards from a fun house mirror.
I'm betraying my childhood to concede this, but Nolan has finally topped Tim Burton's two twisted spectaculars.
Christopher Nolan's latest exploration of the Batman mythology steeps its muddled plot in so much murk that the Joker's maniacal nihilism comes to seem like a recurrent grace note.
The film is so relentlessly bleak that, paradoxically, its blackness is not given its full due. But this comic-book movie is more disturbing, and has more freakish power, than anything else I've seen all year.
Watching The Dark Knight is like gazing into a mirror on a waning moon night: chilling and mesmerizing.
Despite the tensions between its form and its function, The Dark Knight succeeds far more than it fails, and lingers provocatively in the mind.
There is an exquisite order in the chaos, a fascist formality and video game surrealism that resists the forces of disintegration with a sort of superhuman determination.
Pitched at the divide between art and industry, poetry and entertainment, The Dark Knight goes darker and deeper than any Hollywood movie of its comic-book kind.
An explosively provocative [film]. ... Exhilaratingly straightforward action sequences matched by moral complexity of a sort not usually associated with comic-book movie franchises.
Where Batman Begins was largely about the considerable personal toll exacted by its hero's decision to fight back against the forces of evil while adhering to a code of honor, The Dark Knight expands those weighty themes

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.672953
Retrieved Text: Congratulations to all those who took part in the Brands Hatch Cyclothon on Thursday 5th September.
We entered two teams of 4 into this endurance relay track event round the thigh busting 2.3 mile Brands Hatch Grand Prix circuit. Phil’s team completed 98 laps and came in at an incredible 3rd place whist Ben’s team completed 95 laps and came in soon after in 7th place.
If you have skill, stamina, strength and sheer determination then you can take part in next year’s race being held on Thursday 11th September 2014 see below link for more details.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.589603
Retrieved Text: Today we release the Commission’s draft determination on the emergency reserves framework for public feedback.
The draft determination on the operation of the reliability and emergency reserve trader (RERT) released today clarifies its particular role within the broader range of reliability mechanisms in the national electricity market.
The determination is aimed at making the reliability and emergency reserve trader a more effective emergency instrument to manage the risk of power disruption to households and businesses in circumstances like extreme weather events.
The changes are designed to allow AEMO the flexibility to procure power supplies for use in emergencies at minimum cost to households and large and small businesses.
There has been considerable stakeholder consultation into the draft determination, and after the RERT's use in Melbourne in late January we anticipate further input ahead of the final emergency reserves determination due in May. I invite you to be part of the conversation to finalise this important new rule.
It’s also important to highlight that the reliability and emergency reserve trader is a safety net mechanism and is not a substitute for an integrated energy plan to address market capacity and stability in the national electricity market.
The most urgent response to transition issues in the power system today is the COAG Energy Council’s introduction of the retail reliability obligation (RRO). Energy ministers will be considering the energy security board’s development of this new obligation mid-year. It puts a legally binding obligation on retailers to contract with generators and demand response providers so power supplies are in the right place when needed. Investment signals

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.455873
Retrieved Text: Plasma noradrenaline correlates to sympathetic muscle nerve activity in normotensive man.
Determination of catecholamines in rat heart tissue and plasma samples by liquid chromatography with electrochemical detection.
Determination of tritiated digoxin and metabolites in urine by liquid chromatography.
Determination of fluvastatin enantiomers and the racemate in human blood plasma by liquid chromatography and fluorometric detection.
Determination of catecholamines in rat heart tissue and plasma samples by liquid chromatography with electrochemical detection, by B.-M. Eriksson and B.-A. Persson, J. Chromatogr., 228 (1982) 143.
Determination of adrenaline and noradrenaline in plasma by an isotope derivative method and ion pair liquid chromatography.
Effects of chronic beta-adrenoceptor antagonism on plasma catecholamines and blood pressure in hypertension.
Determination of apomorphine in plasma and brain tissue by ion-pair extraction and liquid chromatography.
Determination of urinary vanillylmandelic acid by direct injection and coupled-column chromatography with electrochemical detection.
In-vitro performance of the Enlite Sensor in various glucose concentrations during hypobaric and hyperbaric conditions.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.218555
Retrieved Text: Acute or chronic pain and dysfunction from sports and training may need osteopathic intervention. Acute injuries to the musculo-skeletal system can be helped with detailed osteopathic intervention. The shock to tissues and nerve endings can be calmed with osteopathic techniques, enabling a better healing response. Strain to joints and muscles can then begin to unwind and resolve in optimum conditions.
Often when problems are persisting in the musculo-skeletal system, it is due to other areas and tissues that may not be directly related to the problem area but they may influence it mechanically and prevent the area from resolving. It is this view of the body as a unit that enables Osteopaths to understand complex pain and dysfunction patterns. Tissue strain can be traced through various areas, enabling problem determination and resulting in resolution.
It must be remembered that if there is any type of tissue damage i.e. bleeding, fractures, and serious sprains or strains, these must first be investigated and treated first by Accident & Emergency at the hospital. Osteopathy can help with the healing process once the injured site has been stabilised.
Advice on changes involving exercise regimens which take into account of damaged areas is crucial and the Osteopath is happy to communicate these needs with personal trainers.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.200293
Retrieved Text: VoltIC Professional unites ion chromatography and voltammetry in a single, powerful system for trace ion analysis. It enables fully automated, simultaneous determination of transition metals by VA and of anions and cations by IC. This is accompanied by considerable time and cost savings.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.190191
Retrieved Text: Garfield :: I, Garfield The Cat, resolve to spend the entire week in bed. - Oh sure, the going may get tough at times... - But my sheer will and determination should resist the temptation to get up.
I, Garfield The Cat, resolve to spend the entire week in bed. - Oh sure, the going may get tough at times... - But my sheer will and determination should resist the temptation to get up.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.052435
Retrieved Text: Three baby maple trees were growing in the sandbox beneath the boys’ swing set. Knee-high, I couldn’t bear to just dig them up and dispose of them. So the boys helped me dig a new spot for them in the sun. After adding nutrients and sand and fresh mulch to the hard Indiana clay, we placed the trees in their new holes, patted them down snug, and gave them a good drink of water.
A few days later, this is how they look. The boys are concerned the trees will die, and a couple of them may. And yet, the bright green that remains gives me hope they will grow through the shock of their new environment and thrive.
Sometimes my moods don’t have a thing to do with hormones. The shifts can come from an accidental bounced check, a missed deadline, or a complete stranger who looks at me cross-eyed.
Most of the time, my moods have to do with fear. The pain of the past paralyzes my determination, so even though I’m in a healthier place, my roots can’t–won’t— branch out into the healthier soil. I keep relying on my old root system that was broken and shredded in the transplant process–despite the fact that God has given me the ability to grow new roots.
Dear Lord, believing we can be whole and live better lives is so hard. Please help us as survivors, and as friends of survivors, to have the courage and determination to grow the new roots that can reach the nutrients and fresh water

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.876442
Retrieved Text: Enter the visual and dramatic team building experience of The Qube.
Complete with The Host, The Voice and The Body, with game show lighting and a 3m x 3m Inflatable Cube, contestants work in teams to face a series of nail-biting challenges.
There are head to head team Qube Challenges where teams can win entry to the Qube for nominated members of their team and win all important Aides; Swap a contestant, Pass, Simplify, or take a Trial Run, but use these wisely.
Do you have the nerve, determination and skill it takes to complete the tasks within the Qube?
A team bonding experience like no other!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.562433
Retrieved Text: How often can a point of Determination be used - once per game or scene? And can you please direct me to where it the book it states this?
As many times as you have Determination. Each Main Character starts with 1 Determination and once used it is gone. The Characters can gain more Determination during the Mission when their Value/Directive is disadvantageous to current situation, by either Challenging a Value/Directive or taking a Complication to not going against a Value/Directive.
So once you've used your point of Determination, it's gone until a value or directive is challenged? So, it's possible to start a new session of play with no Determination if you used it up last game?
Every Main Character stars every Mission with 1 Determination. They can have a max of 3 Determination at any point. Extra Determination is not carried over, the Characters always start with 1 Determination no matter what. Determination are just points, as Momentum or Threat, but are tied to a specific Character, as opposed a Group Pool.
Determination can be used for a number of things, it is explained on page 87 in more detail.
Our players guard their Determinatin like it is gold - because it grants 2 automatic successes when used. In general, remember your players can aid one another, and use Momentum to gain dice to roll to complete a task or accomplish some facet of the mission.
With Spirit of Discovery that was something different (I think that was some theoretical infinite Momentum combo). The Spirit of Discovery talent just gives

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.469788
Retrieved Text: The pesticide residue in vegetables is a key problem of food safety and which is closely related to people’s health. Currently, more and more kinds of pesticides are used in vegetable production. Quick and accurate determination methods of pesticide residue in vegetables are the big challenge which the food inspection agency is facing now.
Based on the detecting data and apparatus in laboratories, scientists establish a new method to determine 39 kinds of different pesticide residue in vegetables at the same time by using gas chromatography and tandem mass spectrum. This method is quick, easy and clean.
The experiment result shows that after the vegetable samples are homogenate processed, extracted by QuEChERS, by acidizing and increasing the extracting solution and purifying N-Propylethylenediamine and graphitized carbon black, the fortified recovery of most kinds of pesticides are between 70% to 110%. The advantages of this method include quick, low cost and effective.
Matrix effect is the key reason for accurate determination of pesticide residue in vegetables, and matrix effect of organophosphorus pesticide is especially obvious.
Through optimizing analysis conditions, laboratory workers are able to choose suitable qualitative and quantitative analytical ion pair of all kinds of pesticides. Finally, they adopt multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) to perform accurate determination of pesticide residue in the samples.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.452265
Retrieved Text: The JUST A CARD campaign aims to encourage people to buy from Independent shops and galleries by reinforcing the message that all purchases, however small, even 'just a card' are so vital to the prosperity and survival of a small business.
It is the brain child of Sarah Hamilton an Artist and Designer who saw a quote "If everyone who'd complimented our beautiful gallery had bought 'just a card' we'd still be open" this was written by a retailer who sadly had to close their gallery.
I am sure you will agree that people seldom realise the considerable costs involved in keeping a shop open. The cost of just keeping the light on – electric, gas, water rates, business rates, stock, wages etc all need to be met before even a penny of profit can be made.
We all know that running a shop is often a labour of love and that if it wasn't for the passion, hard work and sheer determination of small business owners there would be a lot more boarded up eyesores on our high streets.
As a direct response to the campaign many people have reported they often feel embarrassed to make a small purchase as they felt this may appear penny pinching. Something they'd never feel in a large chain store. However since hearing of the campaign they've changed their opinion.
Adding the Just a card logo to your blogs, websites etc.
Follow @justacard1 on Twitter and Instragram Retweet & spread the word.
Get involved with Just a Card Day: 28 September 2018.
For more information on any

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.367197
Retrieved Text: The domestic travel arrangements for employees are set out in Determination 2018/30 and/or any determination which supersedes, supplements or amends it (the travel determination). The determination requires that employees may only travel by the most efficient direct route available. While this guideline describes some of the travel arrangements for employees, the travel determination should be consulted as the primary source of travel arrangements.
All employees must seek the most efficient, effective, economical and ethical use of public money when arranging travel and other commitments, making all reasonable efforts to reduce the overall cost to the Commonwealth.
Employees must travel in accordance with the travel determination and therefore all reasonable steps are to be taken to ensure, where applicable, that departure and destination travel arrangements are compatible with scheduled transport services.
Employees are encouraged to investigate communication tools, such as telepresence or teleconferencing, that may be used instead of travelling on official business.
Note: MOP(S) Act Determination 2013/12, which came into effect on 1 January 2014, prohibits Senators and Members from employing certain family members.
travelling allowance (TA) may only be claimed where the employee travels as an employee.
When arranging domestic travel bookings, employees must use the contracted travel service provider. An online travel booking system is provided to assist in making travel bookings. The online system can be accessed 24 hours a day via the internet and from anywhere in the world. The online system can be used to identify the ‘lowest logical best fare’.
Where travel bookings cannot be made using the online system, employees can call the contracted travel service

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.286957
Retrieved Text: Elizabeth McGuire (Op-Ed, Aug. 11) wants corporate America to provide her with an employment structure that supports her future plans for motherhood. Forgive me for stating the obvious, but raising children is not the responsibility of the corporation or society.
My generation also had children when we were young. We lived in ented apartments, took day trips instead of vacations, shared baby clothes, stretched dollars beyond belief and willingly put our careers on hold.
We longed for intellectual challenge and adult conversation, but we stayed at home with our children to honor our commitment to them. Sheer determination and a passion for the gift of new life made it all work. My 10 years as a stay-at-home mother were exactly the ''lengthy rests at base camp'' Ms. McGuire is now demanding.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.251337
Retrieved Text: Starting a CRM project takes a lot of dedication and effort, not just in getting approval and funding but in sheer hard work pulling the data together. Starting it twice, as Omni Hotels had to do, really tests your determination and focus.
Having the same property management system at most properties (Omni Hotels uses HIS/Lodging Touch’s Libica product in 30 of it’s 38 sites) has clearly been a considerable help, but the advantages go well beyond consistent data collection. Guest folio and preference data from Libica is imported every two weeks to lebensart, which standardizes it and passes it on to the Marketing department for analysis and campaign management. A sub-set of the guest information – “all the data we need at the point of guest contact”, says Propp – is transferred to Omni’s central guest profile database; this is interfaced to its central reservations system, which in turn is interfaced to the Libica PMSs.
Persistence, standardization and integration – three keys to success.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.148842
Retrieved Text: The final was contested by the only 2 teams who have supported the Charity Cup since it began in 2010. Organiser and HFCA coach Jimmy Campbell said, "a great day out for all competitors and played in a sporting manner, thanks to everyone who made the day a success"
Both teams played with determination and no little skill but neither team could come up with the winning goal. At the end it came down to who could hold their nerve when it came to the penalty shoot out. 1 by 1 the teams converted until Metro with their last penalty missed the target and handed the trophy to Paddy Rice. A very hard fought final and in the end both teams should be pleased with their performance.
A huge thank you to our sponsors Credit Bureau Cambodia and all those who helped on the day.
The second HFCA Charity Cup sponsored by Metro RAHU was a great success.
The annual Charity Cup took place in May and was a great success.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.12808
Retrieved Text: The station was opened at Mablethorpe to replace Theddlethorpe, three miles to the north.
Lifeboat house constructed at a cost of £225 and a slipway for £50.
Lifeboat was taken by road to Theddlethorpe on 27 November to go to the assistance of the Barque Elizabeth Argo but it was found that the lifeboat was not required.
The horses had much difficulty in getting carriage through the snow taking four hours to travel four miles. In returning coxswain had boat's sails set to relieve strain on horses and got back to station in two and a half hours.
Compensation of £17 paid for loss of a horse on service 13 January.
A new lifeboat house constructed on another site on the west side of the main road to Sutton at a cost of £700. Old lifeboat house sold for £50.
A helper, Thomas Short, was run over by the carriage and a leg had to be amputated. Committee of Management voted £220 to his dependants.
Station temporarily closed as it was difficult to obtain a full crew in wartime.
Owing to continuing shortage of crew, the station was closed permanently.
The Thanks of the Institution inscribed on Vellum was accorded to Helmsman Bernard Tuplin and crew members John Mayfield and Michael Westfield in recognition of their courage, determination and skill displayed by them when the lifeboat rescued two swimmers who were in difficulties off an outfall pipe protected by a groyne structure, a quarter of a mile north of the lifeboat station in a light south easterly and a heavy surf on 6 August.
A Framed

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.771717
Retrieved Text: We've been overcoming impossible odds in shooters ever since Wolfenstein 3D first popularized genre way back in 1992.
Since then twitch-skill games like Serious Sam and Painkiller have helped us blow off steam, tactical shooters like Rainbow Six and Star Wars Republic Commando have worked our brains, and franchises like Halo and Call of Duty have helped shooters dominate the video game landscape.
Shooters have continued to evolve and remain relevant longer than nearly any other video game genre. Naming just 100 greats is no easy task - how can Half-Life 2's pitch-perfect storytelling be compared to Doom's interplay of tension and player power? But through sheer determination and plenty of shouting, we've managed to narrow the nearly endless supply of shooters down to 100 must-play picks.
All the shooters on this list must all obviously exhibit very high overall quality. Other considerations for inclusion include legacy and influence on the genre; popularity; historical quality (was it incredible at the time?); modern quality (does the experience hold up?); and lastly pure editorial preference.
These are the top 100 video game shooters of all time.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.75188
Retrieved Text: Some 42 intrepid students from years 7, 8 and 9 have just enjoyed a marvellous week on the slopes of the Italian Alps in Tonale.
The boys were really spoilt as they enjoyed the best snow conditions for 30 years. Although the snow was about 3 metres deep, it did not seem to cause any problems for the locals compared to the chaos that followed the 3cm we had in Liverpool before half-term.
Most of the group were beginners but made rapid progress thanks to the expert tuition they received. In addition the boys showed real determination and skill to master the challenging red runs that crisscrossed the slopes.
The advanced group shared a real sense of achievement on the final day when everyone managed to ski down the almost sheer black run from the glacier that over looks the valley without mishap.
The whole week was physically demanding but the ready availability of pasta and the other delights of the Italian cuisine meant the students were ready bright and early for their first lesson at 9.00 each day and even returned for night skiing under floodlights.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.650406
Retrieved Text: The continued peaceful co-existence of peoples and societies internationally lies in the continued collective defence of universally recognised human rights. No room should be given for tyranny to triumph under the pretext of protecting ‘national interest’. It is at the background of this principled position that I wish to contribute to the debate on the constitutionality or legality of some states of the Nigerian Federation that have adopted own flags, anthems, and so on. Some leaders of the civil society have declared that such phenomena as states adopting independent flags and anthems are unconstitutional and therefore illegal. I wish to differ on the following grounds.
Under the Nigerian Constitution and under international human rights law, there is recognition of the right to the protection, promotion of the existence of national, ethnic, cultural, religious, and linguistic identities in individual geographic units. It is trite to state categorically that international law recognizes the right to self determination of peoples, contrary to the views that have been peddled. What needs to be clarified is that there are two aspects of self-determination, namely: external and internal self-determination. It is the internal form of self-determination that international law recognizes. To my knowledge, the States of the Nigerian Federation that have adopted their own flags, anthems, etc, do so, not in an attempt to exercise external form of self-determination (that is not to secede) but in an exercise of the right to internal self-determination (that is to exercise the right to community or collective self-expression) within the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
Articles 1 and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.616203
Retrieved Text: Hull metallers Sworn Amongst are set to release their new EP on April 12th. Titled ‘Reclamation’, this sees the band as brutal as ever. Fresh from their pulsating set at Hammerfest, which will be reviewed shortly on PlanetMosh, the band also have gigs lined up in Europe, dates to be confirmed as we receive them.
Recently signed to LA’s Famined Records, the band have also released a video from the new EP which can be watched via the link above.
Having watched and interviewed these guys at Hammerfest, it’s painfully obvious what they are trying to achieve. The sheer brutality, speed and technical ability that Sworn Amongst adhere to is testament to their passion, determination, and the love for what they do. The EP will be available on all the usual platforms via the links below, and will be reviewed on PlanetMosh next week in time for release.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.500767
Retrieved Text: Archway Studio Presents: The Women @ The Pinup Girl Boutique. This whole production has a little bit of magic to it.
A classic, brilliant play set in the 30s with outstanding female roles (and only female roles), all staged in one of the best stores in L.A., The Pinup Girl Boutique in Burbank.
I knew very little about Claire Boothe Luce, the writer of this classic and hilarious play, but after a bit of online research, I can report that she was a pretty incredible woman, a writer, politician, war journalist, conservative feminist, acid wit with ambition, drive and intelligence. Look her up!
This play was her most successful and it ran and ran and ran on Broadway and beyond for many years. It was made into a movie in 1939 staring Norma Shearer, Joan Crawford, Rosalind Russell, Paulette Goddard and Joan Fontaine. It’s not surprising that it would be produced, but it’s a tricky thing, to take such an iconic piece and do it justice. These fabulous female roles demand the kind of power, sarcasm, wit and nerve that can’t be faked.
The folks at Archway Studio have done a superb job. They have stayed true to the play and the characters and resisted the obvious temptation to bring it up to date, to modernize or reference our world today. Because of their determination to truly love the material and commit to the sheer joy of the characters, the story and, above all, the words, this play is hugely successful and an absolute delight.
The costumes are all furnished by

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.4226
Retrieved Text: Seattle Seahawks lineman Russell Okung, whose Christian family fled Nigeria, seethes with contempt for the American Dream.
Some think working hard solves the problems of poverty and institutional oppression and the lack of social mobility. Some think that by sheer determination, one can overcome such issues. But economic inequality isn’t the symptom; it’s the virus that attacks. You, Graham, like the rest of America, have been deceived. You are a victim of the American Dream, the belief that anyone who works hard can move up economically regardless of his or her social circumstances. American cultural optimism is one of the greatest lies ever told.
Okung plays in the midst of a six-year, $48,500,000 contract with the Seattle Seahawks. The deal included a $1,680,000 signing bonus, $29,300,000 in guaranteed money, and an average annual salary of $8,083,333. Despite his salary, and activism highlighting the vile acts of Boko Haram that he discussed with Breitbart Sports a year ago, the offensive lineman rails against the American Dream.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.384504
Retrieved Text: What is more important with Krav Maga Training, FITNESS or DETERMINATION?
Fitness levels, often get mistaken for sheer determination and on the other hand, determination is mistaken for Fitness levels. To put it into a context that’s easy to understand, I want you to imagine that there are two people challenged to run 100 miles with 25 kg in their backpack. One of them is an Olympic athlete, very fit, healthy and finely tuned to get the most out of his or her body. The other individual is quite fit, pretty healthy but a normal everyday human being but has an immensely stubborn and tough mindset.
Both individuals finish the challenge because of very different reasons. Firstly, the Olympic athlete will use his or her fitness levels and finely tuned body to push them through the 100 mile trek and the effort will be there however previous training, prepares them for a challenge like this and therefore less effort is needed now (“Train hard, Fight easy”). The average healthy individual however will rely on sheer determination and not getting injured to push through the 100 miles. This will require all the effort he has, as there is not a solid base of previous training to help him when opposed with situations like this. A certain State of Mind will get him through. What we have to remember is that Fitness can be trained but Determination relies on the individual having it or not to begin with.
So which is better for Krav Maga?
This is the question I have been

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.34773
Retrieved Text: Do you want to learn how to play the drums? The backbone of many bands across a whole range of music genres, learning to play can be a difficult skill to acquire. It relies upon a great deal of coordination and determination from the student as well as the expertise of an experienced drum teacher.
If your passion lies with percussion, why not learn to master the drum with one of Australia’s best drum musicians? Nando Pettinato offers drum lessons across Sydney for students that are looking to develop their musical skills. His classes cover a range of musical genres and techniques and will ensure that any student’s natural talent is completely nurtured.
Nando has had a long and lustrous career spanning almost 30 years. From his humble beginnings as an aspiring drummer up until being recognised as one of Australia’s finest professional musicians, he has managed to maintain a highly successful drum playing and teaching schedule. His passion lies with developing the next generation of musicians with his drum school.
If you would like to learn more about Nando Pettinato or his drum classes, please feel free to get in touch by contacting him directly on 0412 076 213. Alternatively, you can fill in our online enquiry form and we will get back in touch with you as soon as possible.
With Ben Portsmouth at his 2018 'The King Is Back' Australian tour opening show.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.278694
Retrieved Text: Womb, or holding her own at Jackathon residency strongholds in Ibiza, London, Berlin’s Watergate and Manchester; she fits within any destination around the world. Never afraid to fight for what she wants, for Heidi it’s not about right place, right time. She has won through sheer determination and sharing the magic with those she loves at every step.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.9791
Retrieved Text: Both the distribution networks and the Public Interest Advocacy Centre (PIAC) appealed the determination in the Australian Competition Tribunal.
The networks were seeking to increase their revenue for the next 5 year regulatory period and PIAC were asking for the revenue to be decreased. If the PIAC appeal was upheld, bills would have seen a further considerable decrease. Over 1 million pages of evidence and submissions were presented to the Tribunal to consider.
The ECC NSW Energy Advocate attended the hearings and presented verbal and written submissions to the Tribunal in support of a reduction in the revenue determinations. The recent decision by the Tribunal (several hundred pages long) sent a considerable portion of the determination back to the regulator for review, and casts considerable doubt on whether price decreases will be available for NSW electricity consumers in the immediate future, if at all.
There is an opportunity for the parties to appeal the decisions and if this path is taken we may be in for a long wait on pricing decisions. This long drawn out process will most likely result in increased prices for consumers until the issues are resolved.
The South Australian Council of Social Service (SACOSS) and PIAC have undertaken a similar appeal for the South Australian revenue determination from last year and these hearings are set down for June 2016.
The ECC NSW Energy Advocate will again be supporting SACOSS and PIAC in these proceedings. All of these proceedings will probably delay the release of the Victorian revenue determinations, which were due in April 2016, until the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.937405
Retrieved Text: Abstract: This paper establishes a dynamic exchange rate determination model incorporating capital control and foreign exchange intervention in a Taylor rule framework. It uses the SVAR model to identify the sources of real exchange rate dynamics for three pairs of currencies: RMB/USD, Yen/USD and GBP/USD. It shows that demand shock, instead of supply shock, plays a dominant role in real exchange determination. Monetary policy has little effect but central bank intervention plays a role in keeping exchange rate persistence for RMB/USD and Yen/USD. Risk premium shock is almost irrelevant to exchange rate dynamics for Yen/USD and GBP/USD. In the case of China, capital control plays a critical role in exchange rate determination. The results show that social welfare losses of China is the largest, suggesting that capital account liberalization would benefit the country in the long term. Therefore, the central bank of China should gradually open up the capital account, give up the fixed exchange rate or the managed floating exchange rate regime, and reduce central bank intervention to improve the effectiveness of monetary policy and social welfare.

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.169426
Retrieved Text: Matt Smith and vintage Brit bike restorer at Quaker City City Motor Works & Smoke and Throttle, has joined forces with some very impressive talent– avid motorcycle collector and racer John Lawless, ex-dirt bike racer and experienced filmmaker Ed Buffman, and former director and editor at NBC Shel Brown. The result is this great little trailer for a television show being pitched that Matt would host, called– “Retro Moto”. I’m really excited about it because it’s exactly the kind of show I’d want to watch– all about classic bikes, their history, and the people who love to ride ‘em. Check it out after the jump and let us know what you think.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.50751
Retrieved Text: a couple of weeks ago (during For Your Reconsideration: 1974 Academy Awards) i briefly mentioned the film Nine Queens when discussing The Sting and con men movies in general. well, that made me remember a film that i had purchased at a sidewalk sale last summer that had been sitting on the shelf. the film is El Aura, and the reason it came to mind was because i bought the film because it was directed by the same guy, fabian bielinsky, who did Nine Queens.
Nine Queens was a great movie, and fabians first film. and with El Aura he completely avoided the "sophomore slump".
the film is about an epileptic taxidermist who has criminal fantasies about being able to pull of almost any kind of heist with enough attention and planning. then one day while hunting in the woods, one pull of the trigger brings him the ability to put his theory to a real world test (how vague yet intriguing is that summary. am i right?) - the "aura" is that short moment before he goes into an epileptic seizure.
there is a lot that one could talk about with this film, but as readers of this blog know, i often like to focus on what struck me the most about a film, rather than write up a simple and typical "review". and in the case of El Aura what stood out for me was just how incredibly well made the film was. the new york times is quoted on the back of the dvd box, "demonstrates

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.01194
Retrieved Text: "You can't help but be swept up by the sincerity here -- that and the sight of a hard man softening to a sympathetic nuzzle."
"The director has a good eye for semidocumentary detail, and the performances... all have the sharp tang of authenticity."
"Whatever language he works in, Schoenaerts is a singular talent who can convincingly convey danger and menace as naturally as he breathes."
"De Clermont-Tonnerre shows admirable restraint, knowing that, in her carefully constructed frames, it can be enough just to get Roman's newly compassionate eyes into a close-up with the expressionless eye of a horse."
"Matthias Schoenaerts and a wild stallion try to tame each other in this stirring and poetic prison drama about a man and his horse."
"This film was developed at Robert Redford's Sundance Institute lab for emerging talent; he certainly found one in French actress Laure de Clermont-Tonnerre, here making an impressive feature directorial debut."
"That sophistication in filmmaking and storytelling wins out in the end. The answers don't come easy, and when they do they're more than a little heartbreaking. "The Mustang" is all the better for it."
"Filmmaker Laure de Clermont-Tonnerre's story of a troubled convict (an incendiary, indelible Matthias Schoenaerts) bonding with a wild mustang is a striking debut. Each time you think you have this movie pegged, it'll knock you for a loop."

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.469786
Retrieved Text: And while “Us” may fall victim to heightened expectations, Peele’s skill as a filmmaker, especially a horror filmmaker, remains on an upward trajectory.
The premise is ambitious, even though it starts simply enough as we follow a family on vacation. They fit the basic archetypes as Adelaide (Lupita Nyong’o) is the protective mother, Gabe (Winston Duke) is the goofy dad, Zora (Shahadi Wright Joseph) is the headstrong teen and Jason (Evan Alex) is the annoying little brother.
Everything seems pretty normal until doppelgangers of the family invade their vacation home with murderous intent. Peele is a virtuoso when it comes to chase/jump-scare/splatter rhythms of horror movies and he pulls you right in during the first half of the film.
He also knows when to insert a laugh to break the tension and “Us” has some genuinely funny moments amidst all the mayhem.
The problem with “Us” is, when the motives of the doppelgangers are made clear, it just doesn’t hold much water and a tug on any of the loose threads causes the thing to start to unravel.
Peele’s talent is on full display here and his cast crushes their parts, especially Nyong’o, who plays subtleties of heartbreak, rage and terror in both Adelaide and her double. But, as impressive as all of this is, it winds up being a bit like watching Stephen Curry score 60 points while his team loses the game.
Peele is still one of the most exciting filmmakers around and, my nitpicking aside, “Us” is still better than 90 percent of the horror movies that come along.
Even

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.033972
Retrieved Text: Short Film News (SFN)- The fifth Berlinale Talent Campus will be held in Berlin on February 10 -15 th for making conversation between movielovers around the world.
The online Talent database now includes 350 new international profiles from the participants of the upcoming Berlinale Talent Campus.
The young moviemakers represent the diverse cinematic perspectives of 101 countries.
Five Iranian filmmaker will be ready on workshops during campus.
Amir Massoud Aghababaian , Hossein Keshavarz and his sister Maryam , Mehdi Nadi Najafabadi and Sadaf Ahmadi are Iranian representatives.
Veteran German filmmaker Wim Wenders and well-known Brazilian Walter Sales are VIPs during workshops.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.714802
Retrieved Text: The Smith Mountain Arts Council (SMAC) has awarded Bronson Aznavorian and Lauren Griffith two-year college scholarships in the amount of $2,000 each. The scholarships will be paid $1,000 a year for the first two years. Both Bronson and Lauren are seniors at Staunton River High School.
Students applying for the SMAC scholarships must demonstrate talent and commitment in the Performing, Visual, or Literary Arts, and must exhibit academic merit. Bronson is a writer, musician, actor and filmmaker, who will major in film and television production at NYU. Lauren is a singer and actor who will double major in vocal performance and music education at George Mason University. In addition to their impressive artistic talents, Bronson and Lauren have distinguished high school records, accomplishments and commendations.
SMAC scholarships are open to high school seniors at Franklin County High School, Gretna High School and Staunton River High School and to students home-schooled in the geographical areas served by those schools. The scholarships, along with SMAC's other youth programs, are important parts of its mission to comprehensively promote the arts at the Lake. The Scholarship Committee received eleven applications this year and was particularly impressed by the quality of the achievements of all of the applicants.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.309233
Retrieved Text: Shadow and Act Films is a joint venture founded in 2010 by Tambay Obenson (Shadow and Act, LLC) and Rodney Parnther (CEI Media Partners, LLC). We focus on bringing artistically-inspired culturally relevant films about people of color to a global audience. Through such initiatives as the Shadow and Act Filmmaker Challenge and the Shadow and Act Digital Filmmaker Showcase, we present an eclectic array of narrative content representing the latest generation of emerging filmmaking talent.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.278349
Retrieved Text: "The Artist" director tackles the circumstances that soured the New Wave icon, to impressive results.
As a filmmaker, Jean-Luc Godard is a brilliant enigma whose work offers more questions than answers. “Redoubtable” solves that challenge with an outside source: Adapted from actress-turned-author Anne Wiazemsky’s 2015 memoir, “Un An Apres” (“One Year Later”), this surprisingly endearing tragicomedy recounts her short-lived marriage to Godard and the moment in which the feisty filmmaker soured into the angry, outspoken political radical that became his post-’60s persona.
Written and directed by Michel Hazanavicius (“The Artist”), the movie toys with Godard’s own early filmmaking style in a wry effort to salute his legacy and demystify its evolution. Light and inoffensive, it trades the intellectual rigor of Godard’s work for fluffy sentiments, but never gets crass. Above all else, it succeeds at transforming cinephile trivia into a genuine crowdpleaser.
A welcome rebound after Hazanvicius’ misbegotten remake “The Search,” the new movie is a return to the colorful period details of his spy-movie satire “OSS 117” and its sequel, but with a sharper sense of purpose. At its center, Louis Garrel delivers an vivid, spot-on interpretation of Godard in his late thirties, when he was still a jaunty, garrulous figure who excelled at delivering each line with delicious irony and the hints of a smirk; these days, he’s more closely associated with secrecy and a scowl. “Redoubtable” explains how things got that way.
But Godard’s not the whole show: Stacy Martin conjures a remarkable, tender performance that’s the opposite of the horny teen she portrayed in the first

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.220276
Retrieved Text: Three agential cuts about climate change through Critical Zones in India, Egypt and Germany (2018-20).
The Flaherty is excited to announce that Shai Heredia will be the 2019 Flaherty Seminar Programmer. Shai Heredia is a filmmaker and curator of film art and currently runs Experimenta India. Shai Heredia is a filmmaker and curator of film art.
Sarah Dear has seen a lot changes in the design industry during her career but the lack of talent now coming through is something she is determined to address.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.707397
Retrieved Text: Pitching a film project is a very important talent as the filmmaker is selling him/herself and the project. Both have to be presented in the most articulate light as there is usually only one chance per project to do so. It’s a talent that is needed throughout a filmmaker’s career. Why will a production company or studio chose one project over many others? Come and find out.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.61053
Retrieved Text: Sandra Oh is a Canadian actress widely recognized by the international audience for her role as Cristina Yang on the popular medical drama series, Grey’s Anatomy. After starting pursuing a full-time acting career, her initial breakthrough came with a critically acclaimed lead role performance in the 1994 Canadian film, Double Happiness. Over the next few years, Sandra continued her impressive run in the Canadian film and television industries which soon led her to major international projects as well. In her long acting career which is spread over multiple decades, Oh has showcased her talent in dozens of movies and TV series out of which some most noteworthy are Arliss, Grey’s Anatomy, Killing Eve, The Princess Diaries and The Night Listener. For her great work, she has been received several accolades including multiple Golden Globe Awards and Screen Actors Guild Awards along with getting nominated for several more major ones. In her off-camera life, Sandra Oh married filmmaker Alexander Payne in 2003 but unfortunately, their marriage didn’t last for long and ended with a divorce in 2006.
Following are the complete actress Sandra Oh measurements including her height, weight, bra cup, bust, waist, hip, and shoe size.
She acquired a U.S. citizenship in 2018.
Sandra Oh is fluent in Spanish, Korean, French and English.
In the Korean language, her middle name ‘Miju’ means “beautiful pearl”.
Sandra is a regular practitioner of a Buddist form of meditation called, Vipassanā.
By hosting the 76th ceremony of the Golden Globe Awards in 2019, she became the first ever Asian woman to host the Award show.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.500252
Retrieved Text: Popular filmmaker Anurag Kashyap has collaborated with Tushar Hiranandani for a movie that will be based on the 'Revolver Daadi's' of India. If you remember then once in India's Got Talent two aged women Chandro Tomar, 86, and Prakashi, 81 from Johri, Uttar Pradesh came to show their talent of shooting.
Chandro and Prakash are sisters-in-law and they rosed to fame with their video that went viral on the internet platform and after that, they came to India's Got Talent. Talking about the film, then director Anurag Kashyap has finalized Bhumi Pednekar and Taapsee Pannu in the leading roles of the aged women.
The film called Womaniya is being set to go on floors from 10th of February and now there are reports that the popular filmmaker Prakash Jha will be seen playing the leading role of villain in the film. However, this will be not the first time when Prakash Jha will be playing the villain, earlier he had played the role of villain in his own directorial film Jai Gangajaal starring Priyanka Chopra.
Significantly, Jai Gangaajal was the sequel of Prakash Jha's previous film Gangaajal starring Ajay Devgn in the leading role. Earlier there were the reports that Womaniya has been called off but director Kashyap stated all these rumours as a false.
Also Read - Congratulations, after Tusshar Kapoor, now sister Ekta Kapoor becomes a mother via surrogacy!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.451824
Retrieved Text: Actress, Genevieve Nnaji moves up the ladder to join Hollywood as she signs a mouth-watering deal with talent agency, United Talent Agency (UTA).
The prolific actress and filmmaker has joined top Hollywood stars like Angelina Jolie, Gwyneth Paltrow, Johnny Depp among others who are already signed with UTA.
UTA is one of the highly successful talent agencies in the world,representing artists and other entertainment professionals.
The gifted actress will be getting more movie roles in Hollywood and more collaboration with top Hollywood filmmakers to produce movies from African and Nigerian stories.
Recall that Genevieve’s recent movie ‘Lion Heart’ was purchased by Netflix some weeks ago.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.349989
Retrieved Text: An emotively charged Aussie filmmaker with a knack for technical DETAIL.
Jonathan is an emotively charged Australian filmmaker with an inherent knack for the technical aspects. Jono is good in post and edits with the best, but has the skills and experience with a variety of cameras and lighting techniques to keep the everything in shot. He’s an enthusiastic character that never fails to make positive connections with entire production teams, from tech crew to the talent. He takes his work seriously and knows how to work a tight timeline. Every project is a personal pursuit of creative satisfaction that he sees to the finish line, earning him international accolades at Cannes, One Show NY, and stuffing his reel chock full of award-winning TVC’s and films.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.26145
Retrieved Text: 2017 New Voices Filmmaker Grant Recipients announced!
NewFest and American Eagle Outfitters would like to congratulate the recipients of the New Voices Filmmaker Grant, which awarded young LGBTQ+ talent in grants totaling $5,000.
Sign up for our mailing list and stay tuned for information on how you can watch the promising short films by these filmmakers.
The recipients of the New Voices Filmmaker Grant were announced at OutCinema, NewFest & NYC Pride’s annual event at the SVA Theatre, on June 19th, 2017.
NewFest’s Programming & Operations Manager Nick McCarthy reveals the young LGBTQ filmmaker recipients of the New Voices Filmmaker Grant.
Are you an aspiring young filmmaker?
NewFest and American Eagle Outfitters are proud to announce the creation of the New Voices Filmmaker Grant and are currently accepting entries of short films, either narrative or documentary, that feature LGBTQ-themes and/or protagonists. The short film must be made by a director within the ages of 15 – 24 to be considered and must be between two (2) – ten (10) minutes in length.
If you and your film qualify, apply now for the New Voices Filmmaker Grant! See below for all rules and regulations.
The deadline has passed and the application is now closed. Grant recipients will be informed in early June.
This nationwide search for talent focuses on discovering the next generation of LGBTQ content creators. These grants contribute to the fostering of promising LGBTQ filmmakers, as well as provide direct support for the boundless imagination of young storytellers in the LGBT community. Two runner-up prizes will also be awarded. The winner will be announced

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.230286
Retrieved Text: With his impressive roster of short films and music videos, including his recent debut at several global film festivals, filmmaker Hayk Matevosyan is creating waves in the cinematographic world. Read on to learn about his inspiring journey from a young dreamer during the Nagorno-Karabakh War to an accomplished, talented director and filmmaker pioneering his way through the world of cinema.
Moonrise's first-ever artist feature showcases the talents and works of Alisha Sofia, an Armenian-American Angeleno who paints, illustrates, and animates beautiful scenes and figures by incorporating aspects of both nature and culture. Read on to hear her discuss her hyphenated identity, Southern Californian succulents, and art mediums.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.141376
Retrieved Text: Kojo Anim killed it on Britain’s Got Talent! The Ghanaian-British comedian who did exceptionally well during his audition on the popular UK talent show made Simon Cowell laugh so hard that he reached for the Golden Buzzer.
This means that Kojo Anim will be heading straight to the semi-finals of Britain’s Got Talent. During his performance, Kojo joked about his African roots, trips to the bank and black cab fares.
Kojo Anim is no stranger to the limelight. Some fans may remember the comedian during his radio days on Choice FM/Capital Xtra. Last year, Kojo was the opening act for Kevin Hart’s UK Irresponsible Tour.
Kojo is also a filmmaker, actor, screenwriter and CEO of his own company called The Colour Network.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.12033
Retrieved Text: Unprecedented images of cancer genome-mutating enzymes acting on DNA provide vital clues into how the enzymes work to promote tumor evolution and drive poor disease outcomes. These images, revealed by University of Minnesota researchers, provide the first ever high-resolution pictures of molecular complexes formed between DNA and the human APOBEC3A and APOBEC3B enzymes.
The research is published today online in Nature Structural and Molecular Biology.
Kennedy Lab embarks on a new Norwegian collaboration to study the relationship between rotting fungus and carbon cycling on a global scale.
The process of sequestering atmospheric carbon is no simple task.
How far and fast will invasive species extend their reach into the state? CBS researchers are developing distribution models to help planners pinpoint likely hotspots.
Dave Moeller (right) and members of his research lab.
When things go right, protein production within cells operates like a well-oiled machine.
Discovery by the Bielinsky lab opens doors to new strategies for combating cancer.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.116068
Retrieved Text: Chris Stuckmann’s movie reviews are always thoughtful and combine the passions of a movie fan with the critical eye of a filmmaker. I don’t always agree with his conclusions, but I always take his point of view seriously. Here’s a particularly frank review from Chris of Tom Hardy’s anticipated portrayal in Venom. While watching the review, you can feel how much he cared about the film’s potential and how disappointed he was in the result.
That said, Chris always gives credit where credit is due, be it in praising a solid performance or scene, or calling out a poor casting choice that missed the mark despite an actor’s talent. Chris’ reviews are always fair, reasoned, and a balance between his feelings as a fan and his growing expertise as a filmmaker.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.101532
Retrieved Text: There isn't any reason why commercials directing should have anything to do with race, but with so few black directors in the business - who comes readily to mind besides Paul Hunter? - the arrival of Chris Robinson, with a string of hip-hop video hits behind him, makes one wonder if he can escape the marketing ghetto politely filed under "urban." In his favor, surely, is the fact that he's at an A-list company like Partizan, where, as far as Robinson and Partizan executive producer Steve Dickstein are concerned, race will not be much of an issue. "Look at Tarsem," says Robinson. "He's an amazing director. I'm not sure what race he is. Who cares what race he is?" Adds Dickstein, "We never had directorial categories here, like automotive or tabletop. We just have directors. I look at Chris as a director who's black - not a black director. There's a depth to his work that transcends any genre. "
"It'll take time to be judged as just a filmmaker," admits the 31-year-old Robinson. "We're still dealing with that in our culture in America, learning to judge people by the merit of what they do. Make no mistake, before anything I'm Chris Robinson the black man. That's just a truth, and I'm very proud of that. But if you put the reel up, it should be, 'Hey, that's a good filmmaker,' or 'That's a funny filmmaker.' Not, 'That's a black filmmaker.' "
If you put the reel up, Robinson's work is impressive indeed. Nevertheless, he comes out of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.992031
Retrieved Text: A student of Mayo College, Goldie Behl trained within the Bombay Film Industry. He was born in 1975.
With Anuja Joshi, Gaurav Chopra, Mrinal Dutt and Priya Banerjee joining the team of "Marry Me, Stranger", filmmaker Goldie Behl says he enjoyed the whole process of putting the whole team together for the series..
Goldie Behl to conduct online auditions to find young talent!
Film-maker Goldie Behl will conduct auditions online to discover young talent for three of his upcoming movies.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.915262
Retrieved Text: Greta Nash is a filmmaker from Melbourne, Australia.
In 2018, Greta wrote, directed and edited the winning Tropfest film Two Piece. The film also won Best Actress and was nominated for Best Screenplay.
Her short film Locker Room premiered at the 2017 Melbourne International Film Festival, where she was also invited to take part in the MIFF Accelerator Lab for emerging talent. It also screened at the Academy Award Accredited Flickerfest in 2018, where she was awarded the inaugural REBEL8 Award for Outstanding Emerging Female Director. At the 2018 Byron Bay Film Festival, Greta was awarded Young Australian Filmmaker of the Year, as well as Best Young Filmmaker at the 2018 Noosa International Film Festival. It was also awarded Mayoral Prize for Best Film at the 2018 Short Cuts Film Festival, Best Actress at Canberra Short Film Festival, and Best Short Narrative Film at Dona i Cinema in Valencia, Spain.
As well as premiering as VEVO Music Video of the Week, her music video for Flash by The Belligerents was also selected as a 2018 finalist at SoundKilda and part of the VIVID Sydney Clipped Festival Top 50.
Greta is currently working on her next short film funded by the City of Greater Dandenong, alongside working as a commercial director and editor.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.902683
Retrieved Text: The Association of Danish Film Directors and CPH:DOX hand out the Reel Talent Award to a documentary director, who has shown an exceptional cinematic vision at an early stage.
Jury statement: “On behalf of Danish Directors and CPH:DOX it is my pleasure to announce the winner of the Real Talent Award of 25.000 Dkr.
The jury consisted of Tue Steen Müller, freelance journalist for Filmkommentaren.dk; Fredrik Gertten, Swedish filmmaker and journalist; Klaus Kjeldsen, film director; Mette-Ann Schepelern: cand.phil, Danish director and creative producer; and Tine Fischer, festival director at CPH:DOX.
in the field to the right.
*) Du skal gentage den røde kode i feltet til højre.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.874975
Retrieved Text: Our story is born from a desire to share a different vision of the world.
Over the years, the journeys we’ve taken, encounters we’ve had and relationships we’ve developed have all influenced our unique approach to the creative process.
LK RTEL has built its reputation on creating innovative, relevant, cutting edge content.
Our experience, expertise, and passion are focused on one unique goal: bringing your vision to life.
More than 15 years ago, Vincent Kardasik was one of the first in his field to recognize the potential and to embrace the arrival of digital, and Ultra-High-Definition cinematography. He overcame the constraints and challenges posed by the new technology, rapidly mastering the techniques necessary to bring to life the wildest creative ideas.
No matter how exacting your standards of quality, our technical capabilities and mastery of cinematography will fulfill your highest expectations.
Vincent Kardasik is an award-winning filmmaker, and a pure product of his environment. His passion for moving images and the ocean are intimately intertwined.
Never forgetting the world of surfing where he honed his talent, rich with diverse cultural influences and an impressive technical background, Vincent has risen above the stereotypes and cast aside the preconceived notions about established genres.
From script writing to post-production, and management of the shoot on-site, we accompany our clients every step of the way.
Directed by Vincent Kardasik, our team of creative talents, directors of photography, editors and color technicians is dedicated to satisfying all of our clients’ needs.
Our global network and international experience make it easy for us to organize any kind of shoot, anywhere in the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.779354
Retrieved Text: Or in other words, how does a nobody get their movie in theaters or on Netflix or into stores? In fundraising, the most typical question seems to have been: “Do you have distribution?” And in fact, when I first embarked on this journey, that was the biggest obstacle in my own mind—getting it seen. Little did I know that was the least of my worries.
Too many great ideas—the filmmaker has so many great stories in his head, he just can’t settle on one long enough to write a script. These movies die young.
The script never gets finished—the filmmaker realizes the entire script needs to be re-written, and the task is so daunting she throws down her scalpel and leaves the patient dying on the table.
The money runs out—the rich uncle’s blood type is actually not O-negative (universal), meaning he just doesn’t invest in ‘anything,’ and the filmmaker himself only gets $60 a pint when he donates.
“Dammit Jim, I’m a pizza delivery guy, not a physician!!!” The filmmaker looks down at her instruments and her patient and is struck by a sudden fear—what am I doing here?? She is convinced (by herself or others) that her lack of training or talent will only lead the project to disaster!
The man behind the doctor’s mask—the filmmaker is actually a charlatan who has no idea what he’s doing (which in and of itself is not a true reason for failure), and is too dumb or lacks the integrity to fess up. The fair promises and blustering used to get people

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.748915
Retrieved Text: Home Entertainment Cinema Cinemagic on the search for #CYF2018 – Cinemagic Young Filmmaker 2018!
Cinemagic on the search for #CYF2018 – Cinemagic Young Filmmaker 2018!
PressEye: Pictured (l-r) are young filmmakers Holly McLaughlin (12, from North Belfast) and Thomas Purdy (17, from North Belfast).
Have you a talent for making short films? Do you have stories to tell that others need to hear? If you’re aged 25 or under, living in the UK or Ireland, and passionate about creating short films then you could be the #CYF2018 – Cinemagic Young Filmmaker 2018!
The #CYF2018 – Cinemagic Young Filmmaker 2018 competition is now open for entries. All types of film will be considered; fact, fiction, comedy, drama, news programme or documentary, as long as it is original and not longer than 10 minutes.
Chris Shaw, Cinemagic Programmer, explains how to get involved and what will happen if your short film gets selected for screening.
“Cinemagic Young Filmmaker 2018 will take place during the Cinemagic Festival in October. Every year the young filmmaker competition receives hundreds of entries from young people wishing to share their stories with a wider audiences.
Chris adds, “A digital filmmaking prize will be awarded for the best film in each age and genre category. Winning entries will then progress to be screened as part of the ‘In Competition’ section of the Cinemagic International Film and Television Festival for Young People in 2019.
The annual Cinemagic International Film and Television Festival for Young People takes place in Belfast from 5 to 28 October 2018. Cinemagic first started working with young people in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.717093
Retrieved Text: Introducing Echoes & Wild Hearts!
It is with so much pleasure that I get to officially introduce the newest member of the Collective, Liron form Echoes & Wild Hearts. He is a genius photographer & filmmaker who’s talent amazes me more and more every day. Needless to say I couldn’t be more thrilled to be representing him! There are oodles and oodles of images and videos of his to view.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.66684
Retrieved Text: The Shaolin Temple Kung Fu Academy is the largest school of its kind in China. Get a glimpse of the hard work required to master the Chinese martial art in this impressive collaboration between DJ Ben Surkin (represented by Savoir Faire) and filmmaker Inigo Westmeier. Footage was adapted from Westmeier's 2012 documentary Dragon Girls with music from Gener8ion featuring M.I.A.
Read a Q&A with the filmmaker.
The Short Film Showcase spotlights exceptional short videos created by filmmakers from around the web and selected by National Geographic editors. We look for work that affirms National Geographic's belief in the power of science, exploration, and storytelling to change the world. The filmmakers created the content presented, and the opinions expressed are their own, not those of the National Geographic Society.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.619999
Retrieved Text: Ranbir Kapoor as Sanjay Dutt from his Debut Rocky, New Poster Out!
Sanjay Dutt made his debut with 1981 released Rocky, today filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani unveils yet another stunning new look of Ranbir Kapoor from Sanju from that time.
Filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani has been dazzling the fans with different avatars of Sanjay Dutt played by Ranbir Kapoor in Sanju, with new poster over the week. Today the filmmaker unveils an adorable and innocent looking Sanju from his debut days.
Ranbir Kapoor as Sanjay Dutt on the poster strikes an uncanny resemblance to the early days of badass superstar. Sporting a suit and famous Sanju Baba hairstyle the actor looks like a spitting image of Junior Dutt from 1980’s.
Sanju is an upcoming biographical film based on the life of Indian actor Sanjay Dutt, directed and written by Rajkumar Hirani and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra. The film stars Ranbir Kapoor as Sanjay Dutt in various stages of his life.
Apart from Ranbir, the movie features an impressive ensemble, which includes names like Anushka Sharma, Paresh Rawal, Sonam Kapoor, Dia Mirza, Karishma Tanna, Manisha Koirala, Divya Khatri, Jim Sarbh, Vicky Kaushal, Tabu and Boman Irani in pivotal roles.
The film is set to be released on 29 June 2018.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.568064
Retrieved Text: South African international film festival RapidLion, which recently took place in its Johannesburg home at the start of March, featured an impressive line-up of African, African diaspora and Brics films, such as In The Light Of The Fire by South AFrican filmmaker Rafeeqah Galant, Nigerian Prince by Faraday Okoro and Set Yourself On Fire by Darnell Lamont Walker from the US. Hosted at venue The Market Theatre, the over a week long-event featuring screenings and talks culminated with an award ceremony, which saw films such as Jahmil X.T. Qubeka’s Sew the Winter to My Skin (South Africa) and Silent Winter (China) take coveted prizes. The award, according to RapidLion, “is designed and manufactured to represent the pinnacle achievement of any filmmaker from Africa, the BRICS countries and the African diaspora”.
For more on the festival, visit RapidLion.

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.86583
Retrieved Text: Indeed, the 60-year-old actor made the shocking announcement yesterday that his record-breaking career will come to a close on Christmas Day, when the Paul Thomas Anderson-directed filmhits theaters. His statement announcing the decision was as mysterious and guarded as one would expect from the man.
It's a great loss for Hollywood, not simply because of Day-Lewis' talent, but also because of how scarce the opportunities were to witness it. But while he was not the most prolific actor, he was certainly one of the most artistic and compelling that cinema has ever known. To commemorate Day-Lewis' achievements in film, here are the five most iconic roles of his career.
In his first Oscar-winning role, Day-Lewis played Brown, an Irish writer and artist whose cerebral palsy left him unable to control anything but his left foot. In Roger Ebert's 1990 review of the film, the eminent film critic described Day-Lewis' contribution as a "seamless performance of astonishing beauty and strength."
This "MTV version of gothic romance," as it was described by The Washington Post's Desson Howe, saw Day-Lewis play the adopted son of Mohican chief Chingachgook. His turn as Hawkeye earned him a nomination for the American Film Institute's list of the 50 Best Heroes in the history of film.
Day-Lewis claimed his third Oscar by playing the 16th President of the United States. Directed by Steven Spielberg, the film was a hit at the box office and with critics, particularly those who were entranced by Day-Lewis' possessed portrayal of one of our country's most storied political figures.
Prior to Gangs of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.024952
Retrieved Text: There is something so very special when sitting in the theatre and the curtain comes up to reveal a world class actor the likes of Mark Rylance doing his thing. I honestly have to say he has no rival on the stage. And if the play he's in doesn't match his level of virtuosity, I can still sing its praises.
Music is actually at the center of the intriguing story of "Farinelli and the King," and it's based on a true one that is set in the early-18th Century. Rylance plays King Philippe of Spain, who was plagued by bouts of mental illness — likely bipolar disorder and manic depression — so severe that he was almost forced to abdicate.
The concerned Queen Isabella, on a trip to London, heard a performance by the famous castrato Farinelli, and instantly decided to bring him to Spain as a gift to her husband. Miraculously, Farinelli's magnificent voice had a curative effect on the ailing king, who seemed to thrive only in the singer's presence.
The two developed a symbiotic relationship to the point that Farinelli was willing to give up his renowned career for this audience of one. And that's how they stayed the rest of their lives.
The play, written by Rylance's wife Claire van Kampen, is most entertaining but principally as a vehicle for her husband, tapping into his bravura skills as both a comedian and tragedian.
The bonus here is the contribution of another tremendous talent: the voice of countertenor Iesten Davies, whose golden pipes approximate the incomparable sound of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.388718
Retrieved Text: What If Agents Acted Like Washington Politicians?
Enough already!! If real estate agents acted like the Washington politicians working out this budget crisis, nothing would ever close! It's all about negotiation and listening to your customers ( that would be US citizens), compromise and knowing both sides have 'won' something. It's not about ego, posturing, and a my-way-or-nothing attitude. To me, that's what's happening in DC.
Early into my real estate career, I learned an important lesson: I need to get along with the agent on the other side of the deal as well as my buyer/seller. On one of my first deals, the buyer's agent told me this: "If my client doesn't get what he wants, he will walk!". This sentence was delivered with the initial offer! What a clear and distinct first impression that made on me about the agent. We got the deal done...and she did make some concessions. But I admit, I was tempted to throw a similar sentence right back at her! It would have set the tone for contentious deal making all around.
More and more it seems like everyone wants to 'win' and no one wants to give a little. It's the stubborn seller who won't look at a realistic listing price, refusing to acknowledge comps. It's the buyer who says, 'I'm going to lowball and see if they'll take it'--even though the house just popped on the market, it's priced right and the buyer loves it! It's also the agent on the other side who isn't responsive, who has sloppy paperwork,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.83409
Retrieved Text: I booked 10 movies and I could not be happier than this. Watching movie always has a big part of my life and to have a chance to go to Melbourne International Film Festival, sit in the same room with people who share the same passion with me, where we enjoy (and cry!) the movie. This event is definitely something I'm so proud and grateful for.
We booked for 5 days on the weekend, couldn't make it for the special screenings or pre-events because of work duh, but we had so much fun! We were having blast during each day, each movie. There were some moments we cried together (and others at the cinema too!), laughed and most importantly, we loved every movie we watched.
Here are some highlights from our first weekend!
I found it hard to emotionally connect with the characters at first, but towards the end, the connection started to grow both with characters and the plotline. Celeste has the potential to be a powerful story but missed the element of surprise to make it more interesting to watch.
Joaquin Phoenix delivered the most psychotic character in a charming way. It's very easy to fall in love with his acting in this movie. His eye movement, gesture, and intonation add more depth to this twisted, intense story. From one scene to another, I felt terrified of him. The emotion was so palpable. There are some scenes that too hard for me to watch (because I'm scared of watching a thriller movie). Very well acted and delivered!
Carey Mulligan,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.016142
Retrieved Text: In the marketing industry, curiosity is highly under-rated, in my opinion. And I see it even more so in the internet and social media marketing worlds.
From my experience – which has ranged from print ads, direct mail and events to anything on the internet – a lot of this lack of curiosity may not really be a lack of curiosity at all. It may be more of a fear of losing clients and/or ticking off the boss. I mean, who wants to tell the people paying him or her that something that’s been tried has failed or that he or she has lost the company money? I know that’s certainly not a conversation I enjoy having.
But what would happen if you acted on your curiosity? What would happen if you got away from the tried-and-true and attempted something new? True, you may fail…but at least you’ll learn from that and do better next time.
What would happen if you got away from what everyone else is doing? You just may stumble on to the next viral sensation. You could find the perfect keyword combination for your SEO to get you found by a whole new set of clients. You may hit the jackpot on content your audience wants to engage with – and we all know that’s the holy grail of internet marketing. Or it may happen that you set yourself up to be an expert in a brand-new area!
So go ahead – follow your curiosity! Try new things, whether it’s a new-to-you outlet (Snapchat, I’m looking

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.787498
Retrieved Text: Go for Sisters, a new film by director/writer John Sayles, the godfather of American independent cinema (Return of the Secaucus Seven, Brother from Another Planet, Lone Star, Limbo), is just as I expect in a John Sayles film; beautifully written, beautifully acted, mature and always relevant -- the qualities so rare in mainstream American cinema these days. Recently I had a chance to talk to him briefly on the phone about his new film, Edward James Olmos and the country's immigration reform debate.
Can you tell me the origin of GO FOR SISTERS?
Chinese smugglers of illegal immigrants are called Snakeheads. There was a case in New York where the head of this organization got indicted for human trafficking. She was operating in a hole in the wall place down on Canal Street. They would come first to Belize, Guatemala by ships, then to Mexico through our southern borders or through Canadian border up north. They come from China for economical reasons. So for many people, she was a good business woman providing valuable services for those who want to come over.
Then I had this situation in my head for a long time -- about two very close friends whose lives have taken different paths and are reunited in the most awkward of circumstances. I've heard that there is a stricter rules now in monitoring parolees in the parole system. It's in the film where Fontayne (Yolonda Ross) has to pee in the cup in front of her parole officer, Bernice (LisaGay Hamilton) -- the two High School

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.6445
Retrieved Text: ​A MAJOR pay raise is coming for ​Carlos Correa next season. And you know what, rightfully so for the star shortstop.
On Tuesday, it was announced Correa has won his arbitration case. Come next season, he can forget about making $1 million for the entire campaign.
Yup, go ahead and multiply your previous salary by five for next season, Mr. Correa.
Correa, who will be looking for a monster payday in the near future, is coming off a 2018 campaign that certainly had its ups and down. On the year, Correa hit .239, with 15 homers and 65 RBI.
Unfortunately for him, ​Correa battled injuries throughout the season, limiting him to 110 games. Still, he's a defensive stud and is one year removed from hitting .315, with 24 homers and 84 RBI in 109 games in 2017.
It's also clear he loves playing in Houston and has no desire to continue his career anywhere else.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.223845
Retrieved Text: Renee Smith, born on 16th January 1985, has been a U.S. actress. She has been particularly famous for playing the character Nell Jones on the NCIS: Los Angeles ever since she joined the show in 2010. She has been active since 2008 till the present days. Renee has also been in news for her acting in the movie entitled Detachment in 2011.
Renee took birth in New York City, USA, where she spent her early life. She studied at Patchogue-Medford High School situated on Long Island, New York. She has been passionate about acting since her very childhood, and she had a taste of acting at a tender age of six when she acted in a commercial for the Danone yogurt. Renee had also been voted as “Most Likely to Win an Oscar” in her high school. As far as her education is concerned, after high school, she joined Tisch School of Arts from where she majored in Journalism and obtained a minor degree in history.
Is Renee Smith married? With whom she is dating? Is she divorced?
It is not yet clear whether Renee is actually married or not. Her fans just wonder and speculate about her romantic life. Renee has not yet revealed the truth about her marital status. She is romantically connected to one Christopher Gabriel since long.
The relationship and intimacy they share with each other give rise to speculation of a close relationship between them. It is, however, not known whether Christopher is her husband or just a boyfriend. Renee is the best person to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.181221
Retrieved Text: Brutally violent and shockingly funny in equal measure, Blood Simple offers early evidence of the Coen Brothers' twisted sensibilities and filmmaking ingenuity.
A gripping, drum-tight noir masterpiece to compare with Touch of Evil.
One of the great debut features of modern times.
"Blood Simple" becomes a dazzling comedie noire, a dynamic, virtuoso display by a couple of talented fledgling filmmakers who give the conventions of the genre such a thorough workout that the result is a movie that's fresh and exhilarating.
Watching this beautiful restoration of "Blood Simple" I was actually struck by how non-bleak it is, how much the strength of the film lies in images of beauty, defiance and survival.
It's a trailblazing masterpiece in any form.
Though the film has a few exposed seams, it's tightly composed and beautifully shot in a way that easily rivals more expensive features.
What holds up best about Blood Simple, besides its vice-tight plotting and the rotten charisma of M. Emmet Walsh's evil, manipulative private eye Visser, is the sheer exuberance of the Coens's visual style.
Joel and Ethan Coen's explosive Blood Simple announced the arrival to the big screen of Hollywood legends the likes of which are rarely seen in this generation.
From their very first feature, the Coen Brothers already had their brilliance firmly in place.
Blood Simple is certainly a strikingly assured first feature.
An accomplished debut from the Coen brothers, and a slick, despairingly funny piece of noir.
The script is as tight as it ever was, keeping attention throughout and little clues and subtleties can easily be missed if you are not paying attention

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.16779
Retrieved Text: Men Respond To Kavanaugh As Brett Kavanaugh's fate on the Supreme Court hangs in the balance, many men are wondering how a national emphasis on sexual assault will affect their lives.
As Brett Kavanaugh's fate on the Supreme Court hangs in the balance, many men are wondering how a national emphasis on sexual assault will affect their lives.
The Ford-Kavanaugh hearings have sparked conversations throughout the country and brought little-discussed topics to light, including among men. Many men are wary, and some are wondering what's next. NPR's Emily Sullivan reports.
EMILY SULLIVAN, BYLINE: As Brett Kavanaugh has discussed in the court of public opinion after his appearance before lawmakers, many men are thinking of themselves and their own past behaviors. John McManus (ph) says he's one of them.
JOHN MCMANUS: That could've been me. I'm certainly no Judge Kavanaugh. But what I was was a 17-year-old boy who acted like an idiot, probably did some things that I was not proud of.
SULLIVAN: He says the testimonies have made him reflect on a specific instance in his life, bullying a pair of girls in the sixth grade.
MCMANUS: It really made me feel sad for who I was. And I think for a lot of men, that's the problem with the whole process. They quite frankly see themselves in the mirror.
SULLIVAN: McManus, a bar owner living in Bethesda, Md., makes clear he does not tolerate sexual assault. He hopes the conversation around it makes life easier for the women in his family. But he wonders how many men may have done wrong

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.078726
Retrieved Text: As we know, power rankings are kind of pointless, but we click them anyway. Here's a roundup of where the Eagles "rank" after they were beaten by the Washington Redskins for their fourth consecutive loss.
Carson Wentz is on pace to throw 613 passes this season, which would be an Eagles franchise record. Having a rookie throw that much is not a recipe for success, and with four straight losses, it obviously hasn't been. The Eagles head to Baltimore in Week 15.
#JimmyNote: ESPN has the Eagles ranked ahead of the Bears, 49ers, Rams, Jaguars, and Browns. That's it. They even have the Jets ranked higher, who have a turnover differential of -95. The Eagles are not worse than the Jets.
The Eagles made it interesting Sunday, with the ball and a chance late in the fourth quarter. Carson Wentz couldn't pull out the win, although the rookie quarterback bounced back nicely after a miserable outing in Cincinnati. To be honest, many of the issues with Wentz have nothing to do with Wentz. The Eagles are devoid of playmakers on offense. Losing Darren Sproles in the second half didn't help, either. That said, big ups to Trey Burton, who not only caught seven balls but volunteered to deep snap on Philly's go-ahead field goal in the fourth quarter (and delivered). Maybe the Cardinals should trade for him.
#JimmyNote: Basically the same spot as ESPN, but ranked ahead of the obviously worse Jets.
We've never seen a team so loaded with long snapper depth. Here's hoping Jon Dorenbos' broken wrist doesn't curtail

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.87766
Retrieved Text: The more than 4,500 GSPM alumni around the globe are leaders and change-agents in the worlds of government, politics, public relations, and public affairs. We helped them take their careers to the next level.
GSPM's Career Services division has the resources, strategies, and connections you need to get ahead in the job you want.
We host workshops, seminars, and training programs focused on skill-building and career advancement. Our “Meet and Greet” sessions take students to visit potential employers and talk with our alumni who provide an insider’s look– and invaluable introductions – to top-tier firms in politics, communications, and advocacy. We also are the first graduate school in the industry to offer a weekly "career club", exclusively for GSPM students, conducted by our Career Services Director, Mag Gottlieb.
GSPM offers personalized career counseling sessions providing tailored guidance on relevant career topics such as professional goal setting, résumé and cover letter development, interview skills, and general job search strategies. We then work with students to focus their academic program, aligning course electives with career goals.
"I have hired many GSPM alumni and I will continue to do so. What makes GSPM students stand out is that they have a clear understanding of the principles of politics and know how to put them into action. If I see someone that has GSPM on their resume I’m definitely going to talk to them."
Deputy Chief of Staff, U.S. Sen. David Perdue, R-Ga.
"I worked with an alum on a campaign where I really got my feet wet with politics, but I knew I wanted to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.632284
Retrieved Text: Here is another pretty face from small screen, who is all set to launch herself under an eminent director’s banner! However, she isn’t a ‘new face’ as she has already acted in a couple of movies in Sandalwood as well as in Kollywood.
Sangeeta Bhat, who has acted in a couple of movies like Preethi Geethi Ityadi and Mamu Tea Angadi, is waiting for the release of Kismat, starring and directed by Vijay Raghavendra. She has now been chosen to feature opposite Dhananjay in Eradane Sala which is directed by eccentric director Guruprasad.
Known for his movies with unique storyline, Guruprasad is now juggling between small screen and silver screen career. After successfully hosting Life Super Guru, Guru is now looking forward to host a couple of other reality shows as well. In fact Guru met Sangeetha Bhat during the shooting of Life Super Guru; Sangeetha was one of those contestants in the reality show. Apart from this, Sangeeta has acted in a couple of tele-serials including Bhagyavantaru and Chandrachakori.
According to a source, when Sangeetha was sent out from the reality show, she was apparently hospitalized; Guru Prasad visited her in the hospital and asked her to contact him if she was interested in acting in a movie; Sangeetha, who chanced upon this, met Guru Prasad and hence the director finalized her for the role.
This is Guru Prasad and Dhananjaya’s second venture; they were last seen in Director’s Special, which had received mixed responses at the box office.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.61617
Retrieved Text: The Washington Wizards matched the Brooklyn Nets' $106 million, four-year offer sheet to keep forward Otto Porter, making him the team's highest paid player.
Team president Ernie Grunfeld announced the move Thursday. Under NBA rules, the Wizards had two days to match Brooklyn's offer sheet for the 24-year-old restricted free agent.
Porter's new deal puts his salary ahead of guards Bradley Beal and John Wall. He set career highs with 13.4 points, 6.4 rebounds, 1.5 steals and shooting and 3-point percentages of .516 and .434 last season, his fourth as a professional.
"Otto has developed into a vital part of our young core, which is why we made it clear that our priority was to keep him here to maintain continuity and build on the success of this group heading into next season and beyond," Grunfeld said in a statement. "His versatility, basketball IQ and three-point shooting combine to make him a great fit for us on the floor while his character and work in the community show why we're so pleased to have him as a cornerstone of our franchise."
Porter finished fourth in the league in 3-point shooting last season and had 14 games of 20-plus points.
The Wizards drafted Porter third overall in 2013 out of Georgetown. He has averaged 9.3 points a game in his career.
"After two years at Georgetown and four years with the Wizards here in Washington, D.C., I'm excited to be staying home," Porter said. "I will continue to work hard to improve my game in all areas and I hope to make an

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.38474
Retrieved Text: We had a Danny Boyle Film Club, so I thought it would be appropriate to start a film club for our new director!
Which of his movies, TV shows have you seen and what did you think about them? Are you planning to watch the ones you haven't seen yet? Are you planning to do a 5-hour Maniac marathon this weekend?
I have only seen True Detective Season 1, which i really liked, so i will watch all his other stuff in the coming weeks. And also rewatch TD. I am looking very much forward to Maniac also.
If Fukunaga bails on Bond 25, then it's confirmed these film clubs are a huge jinx.
I've only seen season one of True Detective (some of the best TV I've ever witnessed) and Beasts of No Nation (incredible), but I'm just not sure if he'll be well suited for James Bond. I guess we'll find out eventually - it's certainly the most optimistic I've been about a Bond director since 2008.
Maniac looks ridiculous; whether that's a good or a bad thing remains to be seen, but I enjoy him enough as a director to at least give the first episode of it a viewing once it's released this weekend.
Fukunaga won't bail. I'll bet on that. If I lose, I'll leave this forum.
I have only seen True Detective, but I am sold based on that AND that other people who have seen his other work are strongly positive about that also.
I think he is very well suited for Bond - like in every

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.3127
Retrieved Text: A bank robber falls in love with a former robbery hostage and decides he wants out of the life. With the Feds closing in he must choose: betray his friends or lose the woman he loves.
Academy Award® winner Ben Affleck writes, directs and stars in this crime drama/romance. Based on the novel The Prince of Thieves by Chuck Hogan, Affleck's film follows a career criminal (Affleck) who finds himself romantically involved with the manager of a bank (Rebecca Hall) he held up. A high-stakes love triangle develops when an equally infatuated FBI agent (Mad Men's Jon Hamm) arrives in the pursuit of justice. Stolen cash and a stolen heart lead to a relationship that could destroy this prince of thieves.
Afflecks sophomore offering contains plenty of pay-offs and a slick narrative structure, easily solidifying his growing reputation as a director with the right stuff for a familiar good time.
As a director, Affleck now has two home runs in two at-bats. This is one of the best movies of the year.
Affleck's direction is clipped when the plot requires, but he lingers on character-driven scenes (at a garden, a restaurant, a corner) in no apparent rush. Why hurry, after all? He's arrived.
Essential viewing for connoisseurs of dropped r's, close-cropped hair and aerial views of the city that used to call itself the hub of the universe.
A deliberately old-fashioned melodrama that echoes the pulpy mix of violence and romanticism of gangster films of the Thirties and Forties.
A gritty, well-made heist flick weighed down by obvious story progression.
Ben Affleck's follow-up to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.241087
Retrieved Text: Are Robert Redford’s Movies About the Media Good for Journalism?
Robert Redford has acted in dozens of films in his career and directed nine others, but there's one subject he doesn't seem to tire of tackling: journalism. Since Redford played Bob Woodward in All the President's Men, he has revisited the profession several times on-screen, both as an actor and a director. And he's at it again this week, portraying Dan Rather in the new film, Truth, which opens Friday.
Redford told the BBC in 2012 that while journalism "had reached an apex of morality and professionalism" when Woodward and Carl Bernstein exposed the Watergate scandal in the early '70s, "I think it's pretty obvious it's declined since then—but I didn't imagine at the time that it would decline so steeply and drastically, that the rules that governed journalism—like you had to get two sources to go on record before you could quote them—would be gone. The tools of responsibility were dismissed in favor of the quick scoop. I think that has damaged journalism."
Who he played: Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward, who teamed with fellow reporter Carl Bernstein (Dustin Hoffman) and uncovered the Watergate scandal, which ultimately brought down Richard Nixon's presidency.
Was it good for journalism? Without a doubt—the movie, which won four Oscars and was nominated for eight in total including Best Picture, shows journalism at its finest and is one of the best films about the profession ever made.
Who he played: Local Miami news director Warren Justice (yes, that seriously was his name), who turns a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.196527
Retrieved Text: Anupam Kher and Mahesh Bhatt are considered as good friends in the Bollywood industry. Anupam debuted in the Bollywood with film Saaransh directed by Mahesh Bhatt. The role played by talented and versatile actor Anupam Kher is one of the most iconic roles of the Bollywood. Since then Mahesh and Anupam became very good friends and follow a tradition. Whenever Anupam signs a film project and shares a piece of his earning with Mahesh Bhatt as a tribute.
From 3 decades (34 years) whenever Anupam signs a film, Mahesh Bhatt is the first person whom he tells about it very first. In a reality show, Kuch Bhi Ho Sakta Hai, he told that whenever he meets Mahesh Bhatt he gifts him some cash. He does this because it was Mahesh Bhatt by whom he got an entry in Bollywood.
Anupam has completed 34 years in the industry. He was just 27 when he played the role of a 65 years old man in his film Saaransh. People that time said that it could be his biggest mistake but that film was proved to be the milestone of his life.
There were many more brilliant performances by Anupam Kher throughout his career. He has till date acted in more than 300 films and he doesn’t stop amazing us whenever he is onscreen. Wishing the actor many more such occasions ahead in his life.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.196209
Retrieved Text: Boy possesses the offbeat charm associated with New Zealand film but is also fully capable of drawing the viewer in emotionally.
It's a disarmingly lovely, big-hearted film, and hilarious in places.
Even the inevitable flaws of the low-budget production are winning, showcasing as they do the narrative artistry that makes Boy so distinctive amid current factory-written studio productions.
A simple story of coming of age and the bitter failings of hero worship that succeeds thanks to the impressive skills of its young star.
"Boy" finds hope, and love, in the oddest corners.
Waititi has reached into his past for a story that belongs to him alone.
A film like this would have little chance without the right casting, and James Rolleston is so right as Boy, it's difficult to imagine anyone else.
The film may be slight, but there's plenty of charm and wit to engage and amuse.
It's relentlessly funny but depends in equal part on the charm of its characters and on Boy's sense of wonder at the world.
The momentum from the opening dissipates early and without a real engine pushing the movie foward, it begins to drag...the film is 87 minutes and feels like it's 2 hours.
This is an upbeat, often hilarious, but never mawkish, celebration of love.
It's one of those flicks that has more resonance than you may at first realize and a level of charm that few films contain.
Unconventional coming of age story that incorporates so much more than its (approximate) 90 minutes should let it, always feeling fresh and like the stakes are high as it wanders through

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.184135
Retrieved Text: Harry O'Shea - Public Defender: It's been a pleasure meeting you, Mr. Wade.
T. M. Wade: I know.
The young ARTHUR KENNEDY was one of our best dramatic actors and proves it in BOOMERANG! by giving a realistic punch to his performance as an innocent man caught in a murder trap. The only man who can save him is attorney DANA ANDREWS, who does a fine job of pointing out weaknesses in the case and destroying the false witnesses.
One of the best of its kind, it's done in brisk, documentary style popular in the early forties. Well worth viewing, beautifully directed and acted by a fine cast.
Jane Wyatt does a nice job, as does Ed Begley and Sam Levene. Based on a true incident, the murder of a popular parish priest in Connecticut, the film is powerful in its demonstration of our justice system and how it sometimes works, but sometimes fails because of behind the scenes dishonesty related to political shenanigans.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.137276
Retrieved Text: Cast: Denzel Washington, Christopher Walken, Mickey Rourke, Radha Mitchell, Dakota Fanning.
Directed by Tony Scott (Ridley Scott's brother). Adapted from the book by A.J. Quinnell, which has already been made into a film once before in 1987, with Scott Glenn, Joe Pesci and Jonathan Pryce.
Story: An alcoholic ex-marine is employed as a bodyguard to a wealthy family to protect against the kidnapping of their little girl.
Running Time: 2hrs 26 minutes.
Denzel Washington turns 50 this Christmas. In all his career I can only remember one film - Virtuosity - that I didn't like. Before going to see Man on Fire I had glanced at other reviews only to find that this was likely to be Number Two - in more ways than one. As usual I'm going to tread carefully around the plot to avoid giving anything away - and to this end I recommend you avoid other reviews such as the BBC's, as in my opinion they reveal enough to spoil the surprises. All you need to know is that Denzel Washington is an ex-marine with a penchant for Jack Daniel's who is hired as a bodyguard for a young girl by their wealthy parents who are concerned about the escalating kidnap rate in Mexico City, where they live. Christopher Walken is Denzel's buddy and Mickey Rourke is a lawyer acquaintance. Things get messy later on, but I'm not going to tell you how, although you won't need to have read the book to figure it out.
Had I read the screenplay for Man on Fire rather than

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.129314
Retrieved Text: Fantasy Impact: The Redskins were initially the top option in the Rosen sweepstakes before they signed Case Keenum. Washington is planning to be without Alex Smith this year and it's fair to wonder how effective Smith will be when (if) he returns in 2020. It makes sense why they have interest in Rosen. The Giants, Chargers, and Patriots are other teams who have been rumored as having interest.
Fantasy Impact: Manning is now 38 years old and has seen his play decline drastically over the past several years. Vacchiano adds that the Giants don't love any of the quarterbacks in this draft class, which is why they might retain Manning for both this year and 2020. It's fair to question whether they should've taken a quarterback last season when they held the number two overall pick. As for fantasy purposes, Saquon Barkley is the only Giant worth getting excited about this year. Evan Engram, Sterling Shepard, and Golden Tate will all have roles to play but this isn't an offense worth investing a lot in.
Fantasy Impact: This is great news for Cook owners as he'll likely step in for the retired Ben Watson in a system that has been TE-friendly in the past. While Brees spreads the ball around, Cook should get attention in the red zone and down the middle of the field consistently in a high-flying offense. The signing would again put Cook firmly on the TE1 radar entering 2019 fantasy drafts.
Fantasy Impact: The 30-year-old makes a lot of sense for a New England team

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.096783
Retrieved Text: But all it takes is a good script, as it turns out, and people who are paying attention, to breathe life into a great movie star’s career. Brian Koppelman wrote “Solitary Man” and directed it with his partner David Levien. They’re the same duo who resurrected “Ocean’s 13″ after “12″ was an unlucky number, and have lots of other good credits. After seeing “Solitary Man” open last night in Toronto, I think Douglas should be sending them a case of Champagne.
“Solitary Man” is no easy film with easy answers. It’s funny and it’s tragic, but it’s beautifully written, directed and acted. Douglas’ Ben is an irredeemable womanizer who had it all: a Harvard education, millions of dollars, and a thriving BMW business, a wonderful family and friends. And then a mid-life crisis causes him to throw it all away, operatically, sensationally and ferociously. It’s a wonder anyone’s talking to him. Actually, few are.
Ben is surrounded by potential support from a doting daughter (Jenna Fischer, from “The Office,” is a total revelation — not the monotone Pam we’ve come to know), ex-wife (Susan Sarandon — splendid as always), best friend (a philosphical Danny DeVito), protege (Jesse Eisenberg), Mary-Louise Parker (ex-girlfriend). But it doesn’t matter. He’s determind to trash everyone’s lives.
PS: The film is produced by Steven Soderbergh, who came to cheer Douglas on, as did Matt Damon and wife Lucia.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.091433
Retrieved Text: What I can say is the film involves love and loss and a new home. It is not a horror film but a love story. That's all I'll say.
A beautifully acted film with a haunting visual palate the film is a stunner in it's quiet power. I've been starting to watch short films again, and while there have been many that I've seen and enjoyed, this is one of the few that I think is worth trying to track down.
And if you do run across the film, do try and steer clear of the synopsis since the write up I've seen gives so much away it makes seeing the film redundant- which is not the way to go with this film. This is one to see and not read about.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.890074
Retrieved Text: Every so often there comes a viral video that seems so perfect that it feels like it must have been written, directed, and acted. I can think of no better recent example than the Boston Fish Guys. Michael Bergin and Jason Foster went fishing when they saw a giant fish of some kind in the water and Michael went nuts in the most Boston way possible.
It's so perfect, it seems like it almost had to be a sketch, or maybe a movie. Which is fitting, because now, thanks to some genius Internet brain, we get "Jawrs." A perfect mash-up of Bergin's rant and the Stephen Spielberg classic. It's a match made in heaven.
The only sad part of the video is that Michael Bergin gets caught by Jaws. I really just wanted him to get what he wanted. I wanted him to get that thing in that boat.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.82887
Retrieved Text: Nandamuri Balakrishna (born 10 June 1960) is an Indian film actor and politician, often cited as "Balayya", is known for his works predominantly in the Telugu cinema.He is the sixth son of Telugu actor, and former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, N. T. Rama Rao. He entered the film industry as a child artist at the age of 14 with the film Tatamma Kala.In a film career spanning 40 years he has acted in hundred films, in a variety of roles. He has played three different roles as a grandfather, father and grandson for the first time on celluloid screen.
Balakrishna has received two state Nandi Awards, and the South Indian International Movie Award for best acting. Balakrishna was the guest of honor at the 43rd International Film Festival of India. Balakrishna is the Chairman of Basavatarakam Indo American Cancer Hospital and Research. He is an elected member of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly.
In his 100th film, He plays the role of Gautamiputra Satakarni, 2nd century ruler of the Satavahana Empire in the upcoming biographical epic Gautamiputra Satakarni.
Balakrishna born in Chennai (then Madras), Tamil Nadu to Telugu actor and son of three-time former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao and his wife Basava Tarakam. As the Telugu film industry was based in Madras at the time, he spent his entire childhood in Madras. During his adolescence, he moved to Hyderabad following the shifting of the Telugu film industry to that city. He earned a bachelor's degree in commerce from Nizam College , Hyderabad, Telangana.
In

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.79426
Retrieved Text: With a career spanning over 15 years, and a grasp at raunchy humor that sells out theaters everywhere he goes, Rafinha Bastos is one of the most important and well respected comedians in Brazil. Also an actor and journalist, he is amongst the 30 most watched comedians in the world on YouTube, with videos that have more than 250 million views. With over 11 million followers on Twitter, the New York Times has deemed him one of the most influential people in the world. Bastos is the owner of the biggest comedy club in Latin America ("Comedians" in São Paulo). Since 2010, his achievements in Brazil include the executive production of the Brazilian version of Saturday Night Live, a series of shows on national network television ( "CQC" and "A Liga"). He wrote the script, produced, and directed a show about his own life, “The Life of Rafinha Bastos”, on the FX channel. As if that weren’t enough, he also acted in four other series and eight different films. One of his greater success stories thus far, is having written the script, produced, and acted in "Internet - The Movie", which after being released in theaters in Brazil, it had its rights bought by Netflix and is one of the most watched movies of the streaming service in the country. Currently based in Los Angeles, he’s a regular performer at major comedy clubs in the city, such as the Laugh Factory and Improv. He also hosts the competition show “Ultimate Beastmaster”, on Netflix. His third stand-up

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.79151
Retrieved Text: “ Nani,” the Natural Star, who has a fan following not only in Telugu states but in Tamilnadu with his films, Naan E, “Veppam” and Aaha Kalyanam, celebrates his birthday, today. Nani was born on 24th February 1984. Born as Naveen Babu Ghanta, Nani started his career as an actor in 2008 with Ashta Chamma.
The natural actor has acted in 22 films, so far. His 23rd film “ Jersey” is getting ready. The film has Shraddha Srinath alongside Nani. The film is based on the life of the late cricketer Raman Lamba. After this film, Nani will be seen in a yet to be titled film directed by “ Vikram K Kumar.” We wish Nani a wonderful year ahead! Happy Birthday, Nani!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.70548
Retrieved Text: Directed by Tim Burton, this wonderful film celebrates the work of infamous B-movie director/writer/producer and actor ('And you know the only other person who can do that? Orson Welles!') Edward D Wood Jr., creator of such unintentionally but hilariously crap films as Glen or Glenda, Bride of the Monster and, most famously, Plan 9 From Outer Space.
It seems only natural that a quirky, offbeat and maverick character like Wood should attract the attentions of quirky, offbeat and maverick director Tim Burton, and that he should rope in quirky, offbeat (okay, okay we get the picture) actor Johnny Depp to play him. Sporting bucky front teeth and occasionally an angora sweater, Depp was born to play Ed Wood: his wide eyed exuberance and buoyant optimisim are entrancing, and certainly explain why the motley crew of hasbeens and misfits Wood attracts are tempted to throw in their lot with him and, er, make truly terrible movies.
However, even Depp is in danger of being upstaged by Martin Landau, who gives the performance of a lifetime as ageing, morphine addicted Dracula star Bela Lugosi. Landau doesn't just look and sound like Lugosi, he is Lugosi, a mirror-image portrait coloured in turn by humour, horror and pathos. Watch out for the 'octopus with no octopus motor' scene - it's a classic.
Shot entirely in black and white, the camera work, lighting and spooooky music beautifully evoke the mood of a 1950s B-movie. If you've ever seen any of Ed Wood's movies (and if you haven't you really, really should, they are wonderfully

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.691229
Retrieved Text: Bruce Beresford has a career in film spanning 50 years and more than 30 feature films. Not only that, he has been nominated for multiple Academy Awards, including Best Director for Tender Mercies and Best Adapted Screenplay for Breaker Morant. His 1989 film Driving Miss Daisy won the Oscar for Best Picture.
His career began at the University of Sydney, where he studied alongside John Bell, Clive James and Madeleine St John, and acted in the drama society. He directed his first films here, including The Devil to Pay and It Droppeth as the Gentle Rain. Since then, he has gone on to become one of our most prolific and critically acclaimed filmmakers. He has also directed operas and plays, and written for film, making him a legend of the Australian arts scene.
Beresford’s latest venture, released in September 2018, is a film adaptation of Ladies in Black, based on the novel by Madeleine St John, with whom he attended the University of Sydney. With his time spent across continents, and multiple films in the works, he shows no signs of slowing down.
This event will see him in conversation with Dr Bruce Isaacs, Head of Film Studies at the University, to discuss his incredible career, Hollywood, and his philosophy on film.
The University recently charted Bruce Beresford’s extraordinary life journey – from Hollywood to home – in a Sydney Alumni Magazine feature story.
Bruce Beresford: was born in Australia and graduated from the University of Sydney in 1964. Notable films he has directed include Breaker Morant, Tender Mercies and Driving

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.134302
Retrieved Text: Our Visual range is an appealing collection of eye-catching, attention grabbing resources full of colours, contrasts, and visual effects.
Visual effects can transform walls, floors, and ceilings into an amazing sensory experience. With our visual range you can experience stunning movements, images, effects, and strong visual scenarios all designed to captivate.
Add to this our rainbow of colours and contrasts, and you have the perfect recipe to encourage visual skills of users at many levels of understanding and learning. Useful in any Sensory Room, Black Room, or White Room Environment.
BENEFITS: To encourage visual processing, focus, calm and distract negative behaviour, concentration, communication, and provide visual challenges.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.954153
Retrieved Text: For over thirty-five years, Industrial Light & Magic has set the standard for visual effects, creating some of the most stunning images in the history of film. At the forefront of the digital revolution, ILM continues to break new ground in visual effects. ILM has been awarded 15 Academy Awards for Best Visual Effects, received 26 Scientific and Technical Achievement Awards, and was presented with the National Medal of Technology by the President of the United States in 2004.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.95174
Retrieved Text: The Horizons series is an exploration into videogame environments, seeking depth within surface where photo-realistic wilderness is rendered as a spectacle of visual effects. This video is a sampler compilation of the 12 scenes in the full version. The run-time of the full version is 25 minutes. All footage shot and captured using stock PlayStation 4 hardware and software.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.143679
Retrieved Text: Design rules in the spectacular, wooden decked, trapeze strung, cabled and catwalked rectilinear playspace created at Lookingglass for Mary Zimmerman‘s “Argonautika“, subtitled “The Voyage of Jason and the Argonauts“. Forget your simplistic Saturday afternoon matinee versions of Jason and his intrepid band of muscled seafaring adventurers in pursuit of the Golden Fleece. This version as adapted and directed by Zimmerman, in Daniel Ostling‘s set, lit by John Culbert, dressed by Ana Kuzmanic, with sound design by Andre Pluess and Ben Sussman is more complex and would be a splendid experience by any measure. Add to this mix the magical puppetry byMichael Montenegro and you have a very tasty and nuanced theatrical cocktail indeed.
Zimmerman’s spanking new adaptation of the plays “Gaius Valerius Flaccus”, translated by David R. Slavitt, and “Apollonious Rhodius”, translated by Peter Green provides enough bright spectacle to entertain the preteen set, and sufficient adult themed nuance to entertain every older age group. This journey is more that battles with sea monsters. The major life lessons of loss, loyalty, hubris, honor, and what constitutes family are folded into a scintillating event, as much visual spectacle as verbal and intellectual entertainment. While calm children as young as six could find visual stimulation sufficient to entertain them, this is more than swathes of colored fabric flowing gaily in the wind. The range of spectacle ranges from illuminated puppetry dropped from an upper level trap door (images of “Lonely Goatherd” in “The Sound of Music”) to sailing ships strung together and drawn along to stage to goddesses that

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.096096
Retrieved Text: The Roland CG-8 visual synthesizer can take in still images, create motion pictures from these and then modulate them with Modifiers and Fade Controller. It’s easiness to grasp, and user-friendliness allows artists to concentrate on making stunning visual displays without getting caught up in complicated operations.
Just as synthesis in music prompted new waves of musical creativity so the Roland CG-8 is set to do the same for the visual artist. A sampling synthesizer takes audio in or regenerates it from a wave generator and then modulates it with filters and amplifiers before outputting the sound. In a similar fashion the CG-8 can take in still images, create motion pictures from these and then modulate them with Modifiers and Fade Controller. It’s easiness to grasp, and user-friendliness allows artists to concentrate on making stunning visual displays without getting caught up in complicated operations.
Starting with picture files (JPEG’s) as the prime source, overlay files (PNG) used for overlays and built in Computer Graphics, all stored on the internal hard drive, the CG-8 can add any of more than 200 Photo effects and then from more than 60 Overlay effects before finally passing the output to the image modifiers which let you add further motion along X/Y/Z axes and control background colour/hue shifting. This final modulation can be set for rate, depth and waveform just like the LFO in an audio synth.
More than 200 Photo effects and more than 60 Overlay effects .
16 trigger pads, a twin D-Beam controller, an assignable X-Y pad, control knobs or an optional foot

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.721157
Retrieved Text: ”The added incongruity of gangsters singing and dancing contributes further comedy, which made the outstandingly performed Lady in the Long Black Dress (Chris Symon, Blair McHugh, Rychalo Thompson) a real highlight.
“Set (John Harding), costumes (Lesley Burkes Harding) and lighting (Grant Robertson) played a significant part in the show’s effectiveness with some creative visual effects that completed a highly enjoyable night of musical theatre.
“Other performances are solid and in safe hands. Sarah Greenwood Buchanan is outstanding as the Mother Superior, her song Haven’t Got A Prayer is marvellous. Nick Purdie (Curtis Jackson) offers his smooth voice to the truly vile gangster role. Chris Symon (TJ) holds back his stunning voice to provide terrific comic relief, and is joined by fellow ‘thugs’ Blair McHugh (Joey) and Rychalo Thompson (Pablo) to woo the nuns in Lady in the Long Black Dress. Matthew McMenamin (Eddie Souther) is well cast as the nice guy who gets the girl in the end. Ian Lester (Monsignor O’Hara) is at his best when in full-blown preacher-mode.
“Maintaining engagement through masterfully crafted comedy, one never felt out of touch as the storyline developed – inspiration for facilitating a further creative masterpiece.
“Ending on a final Sister Act finale – this was the moment where everything came together. The moment where the show name in question was brought to the forefront, and duly delivered.
“This show is a visual spectacle, and when those nuns get down to boogie in their sparkling get-ups under gleaming stages lights, it will leave you dazed – seriously, this show is bright.
“A highlight is

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.909397
Retrieved Text: It may not touch your heart, but it’s a feast for the eyes. Watch it for its sheer visual brilliance.
The film makes great use of 3D, and for once I was not cursing: the ocean's immersiveness and the overpowering emptiness and the sheer beauty surrounding Pi is enhanced by the technology.
A tale full of sound, fury and state-of-the-art special effects, Life Of Pi is a one-of-a-kind dazzler. Oscars ahoy!
Life of Pi is a one of its kind visual experience.
Grab a piece of this Pi. It is a must watch. In terms of both the scale of its ambition and the exquisite perfection of its execution, Life of Pi is pure magic.
Ang Lee interweaves adventure and spirituality brilliantly. And if you still don't know what meditation feels like, Watch Life of Pi, it is therapeutic and profound.
In a world where religion is viewed as an anthropological tailbone and a stumbling block in the way to a better tomorrow, Life of Pi is a well-told parable which offers scoffers a non-intelligence-insulting perspective. A visually captivating but subtlely written film with great performances, Life of Pi makes for interesting viewing.
Life Of Pi is a compelling tale of adventure, magic and some stunning visual effects. This boy and tiger deserve a watch.
You would struggle to find another film that so fluidly blends the tech-specks with aesthetic finery. Life Of Pi is a visual spectacle, and the 3D here is the best you have ever seen (yes, it's better than Avatar).
The world of Pi is brought to life with the ocean

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.813898
Retrieved Text: Lonely Planet: The world's leading travel guide publisher*Go beyond the visual spectacle of the world's 50 greatest wonders, and discover what makes them such amazing places.
With stunning images and expert illustrations, experience and appreciate the most famous sights on earth in an exciting new way. Author: Lonely PlanetAbout Lonely Planet: Started in 1973, Lonely Planet has become the world's leading travel guide publisher with guidebooks to every destination on the planet, as well as an award-winning website, a suite of mobile and digital travel products, and a dedicated traveller community.
Lonely Planet's mission is to enable curious travellers to experience the world and to truly get to the heart of the places where they travel. TripAdvisor Travellers' Choice Awards 2012 and 2013 winner in Favorite Travel Guide category'Lonely Planet guides are, quite simply, like no other.' - New York Times'Lonely Planet.
It's on mobile phones. It's on the Internet. It's everywhere, and it's telling entire generations of people how to travel the world.' - Fairfax Media (Australia) *#1 in the world market share - source: Nielsen Bookscan.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.757051
Retrieved Text: The full multi-coated 42mm optics combined with BAK-4 prisms maximise light transmission resulting in bright, clear views. Weighing less than 300g the NatureLine monocular permits easy hand-held viewing and study of distant subjects, wildlife and scenery. An amazing close focus distance of 0.5m allows observation of even the closest subject in stunning detail. A twist up eyecup gives comfortable observation over long periods of time for both spectacle and non-spectacle wearers.
• Supplied with a carry case and wrist strap.
The Viking Monocular 6 x 16 is a great, lightweight and compact monocular. The Viking Monocular is able to focus at close range (under 1m) enabling a detailed viewing of insects like butterflies and dragonflies without disturbing them. It also features fold down eyecups for spectacle wearers as well as innovative coated optics which prevent internal reflection. The prevention of internal reflection in the Viking Monocular produces a more contrasted image and increases light transmission. An excellent Monocular for all purposes.
Latest monocular from Hilkinson, perfect for watching in stunning detail butterflies, dragonflies and other insects or animals that may be in close proximity to you.
Viking presents their flag ship monocular model the 8×42 ED-M. This premium monocular delivers one of the brightest, sharpest images on the market today. It features extra low dispersion glass (ED) to ensure maximum light transmission when viewing in varying light conditions. The monocular manages to encompass the finest balance between innovation, functionality and design, creating a truly fantastic optical experience.
The Viking Monocular 4 x 12 is a great, lightweight and compact monocular. The

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.496655
Retrieved Text: Adobe After Effects CS5 Free Download Full Setup. Create stunning visual effects and motion graphics with next generation features of After Effects CS5.
Well if you are dealing in the video editing and film making all you need is Adobe After Effects software which will enable you to create some stunning visual effects and motion graphics. Since the first release of After Effects, Adobe has come up with numerous versions of the great tool. The version under review today is Adobe After Effects CS5.
AE Creative Suite 5 has some great new features and the most striking feature of this version is that it runs as 64-bit application which enables the application to utilize full CPU cores and RAM resulting in the aspiring and improved rendering speed.
Another great tool that has been added in this new version is the Roto Brush. This Brush will enable you to work efficiently when it comes to rotoscoping.
A new version of Mocha for After Effects have been inserted in this version which enhances the motion tracking.
Digieffects FreeForm is another plug in that has been included in this version. This plug in can be used to displace or deform flat object in 3D space.
On a conclusive note we can say that After Effects CS5 is a tool that will bring smile on the faces of developers who are eager to improve their videos and motion picture by adding some breathtaking visual effects. The tool is an easy to use tool which is an added advantage.
Below are some noticeable features which you’ll experience after

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.438988
Retrieved Text: Computer generated imagery, otherwise known as CGI or visual effects, is probably one of the best innovations the movie world has ever made. Not only does it provide stunning images of out-of-this-world scenarios, but can also help alter the appearance of actors. How cool is that? Lest’s find out through these pictures.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.438381
Retrieved Text: Periocular corticosteroids in diabetic papillopathy.
PURPOSE: To ascertain the therapeutic effect of periocular corticosteroids in diabetic papillopathy. METHODS: Prospectively, five consecutive adult-onset diabetic patients with symptomatic diabetic papillopathy underwent visual fields and fluorescein angiography before and after superonasal subtenon injection of corticosteroids. RESULTS: The median duration of papillopathy was 2.5 weeks by ophthalmoscopy and 3 weeks by fluorescein angiography. The median recovery time of best-spectacle-corrected visual acuity was 2 weeks. Two patients developed sequential diabetic papillopathy, and both reported faster visual recovery and better subjective vision in treated eyes. In these two patients, the final best-spectacle-corrected visual acuity and visual evoked responses were comparable between the two eyes, while automated visual fields were less constricted in treated eyes. Complications included ocular hypertension, mild progression of cataract, and mild ptosis in one patient each. CONCLUSIONS: Periocular corticosteroids shortened the duration of diabetic papillopathy from a reported median of 5 months to 3 weeks in the present uncontrolled observational study, partly by their angiostatic and antioedema effects at the level of the anterior optic nerve. Intraocular pressure needs to be monitored in eyes receiving periocular corticosteroids.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.239313
Retrieved Text: Easy GIF Animator is powerful yet very easy to use software for creating and editing animated GIF images. With this animated GIF editor you can easily create animated pictures, banners and buttons in no time. You can use special features to add stunning visual effects, reduce file size and prepare your animation for publishing on your web page.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.079899
Retrieved Text: Song of the sea is a multimedia spectacle combining pyrotechnics displays, water jets, laser show, flame bursts, music and live performance to give a stunning visual. The show is one of the primary attractions at Sentosa Island and draws crowds in huge numbers.
Please note that it’s the official website for Sentosa Island promotion board.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.916544
Retrieved Text: Did you know that many fundamental visual processes are not fully understood? The ZEISS Vision Science Lab is a research laboratory based at the University of Tübingen in Germany. It was set up to investigate fundamental aspects of how vision evolves, how light interacts with the eye and spectacle lenses, and how the brain processes images in a wide variety of dynamic situations. Its goal is to develop new ways of providing natural, individually optimised vision.
Based at Tübingen University Hospital, directly adjacent to the University Campus, the ZEISS Vision Science Lab was established in 2013 as an additional ‘Industry on Campus’ workgroup. Launched as part of Tübingen University's Excellence initiative, it represents a collaborative project at the interface between basic research and industry applications.
Over 200 million people wear ZEISS spectacle lenses worldwide – a number which is increasing by the second. ZEISS produces individualised spectacle lenses capable of correcting numerous visual defects. To do this, it draws on the expertise it has built up over its 160 year history, as well as tapping into countless patents and product innovations and over 100 years experience as a pioneer in eye care and ophthalmology. Numerous parameters are taken into account to enhance visual acuity, contrast and colour vision, UV protection and visual quality at twilight, at night and in challenging environmental conditions. The i.Profiler® from ZEISS uses wavefront technology to generate an objective, personalised profile of the human eye. This data is then used to produce individually optimised ZEISS spectacle lenses.
However, the way in which our brains process

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.83762
Retrieved Text: Tanida Demo Builder 11.0.30.0 With Crack Full Version is available for download at GetPCSofts. Tanida Demo Builder is a powerful tool that allows you to create professional slide shows or tutorials from pictures, videos and screen activities. The software allows you to easily create interactive tutorials and software simulations using screenshots, screen captures, and existing videos. Tanida Demo Builder Full gives you the ability to create stunning and engaging videos in just minutes. Demo Builder 11 provides an intuitive interface and very easy to use.
Tanida Demo Builder 11 allows you to create a video demo in flash, video or a standalone application. This allows you to create video tutorials or demonstrations for various media including web pages. Tanida Demo Builder crack offering basic video editing, allows you to edit the recorded videos such as adding narration, background music, text/subtitle, visual effects, annotations and other elements.
With Demo Builder you can record the screen (screenshots or full-motion recording), which is particularly useful when you want to create a video tutorial and publish it on YouTube, for instance. In 2018 addition, you can import images (e.g. GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, BMP), add videos (e.g. AVI, ASF, WMV, MPG) and load samples provided by the program.
Tanida Demo Builder 11.0.28 + Crack + Portable is Here !
Tanida Demo Builder 11.0.29 + Crack + Portable is Here !
Tanida Demo Builder Features !
Export for any device and quick & easy sharing.
Life-like movements animation and real-time screen recordings.
Export to CD, EXE, MP4 or Web and high-quality capture programs.
Easy-to-use timeline editing and edit the recorded

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.777323
Retrieved Text: An interesting way to display content. Let’s take a look at this add-on to see stunning work.
This gives you a pack of customizing options to style your images with caption. Power your website with this impressive and modern trend!
Don’t you want your webpage to present information in the most impressive way? Just scroll down to discover more!
Elegant Icon Box is a useful plugin for Visual Composer which helps you create beautiful content boxes with icons and hover effects! Elegant Icon Box contains bunch of modern box layouts for you to choose or customize it!
Elegant Icon Box is a useful plugin for Visual Composer which helps you create beautiful content boxes with icons and hover effects! Elegant Icon Box contains bunch of modern box layouts for you to choose, or customize it!
Your content will look great on both desktop and mobile sites. Take full control over responsive design – define column size, offsets and display options.
VC Kit uses the most advanced and most effective programming patterns, to get the best results for your site.
4 types of card flip movement (to left, to right, to up, to bottom).
Select card types: normal or mini.
Select card shapes: rounded or rectangle.
Card smooth movement is enable (optional).
Allow to customize details in front and back of card.
Allow users to select background, feature background, icon, text and button color (mono color or gradient).
Choose image icon instead of using available icon (optional).
4 types of border (none, solid, dashed, dotted).
Able to customize the thickness and color of the border.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.69675
Retrieved Text: DesktopPaints.com provides easy to use software for stunning animations and graphics. You need only three mouse clicks to create your own fully functional, professional-looking Animated Videos.We offer Animation Tools such as; DP Animation maker which comes with a lot of presets and features that can be used to create stunning royalty-free artwork, images and videos.
Provides thousands of professional high-quality royalty-free pre-made templates at the best prices to fill all your business, educational, creative, or presentation needs.
Nufsoft Inc creates software that Transform your digital photos into living scenes by adding a wide variety of visual and sound effects and exports videos.
Creates Professional Animated Templates, graphics and clipart for use in Presentations, Videos, E-learning course development and instruction.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.57186
Retrieved Text: Delivers up to 2x the shading power of previous generation products taking gaming performance to extreme levels.
The standard for today’s PCs and next-generation consoles enables stunning and complex effects for cinematic realism. NVIDIA GPUs offer the most complete implementation of the Shader Model 3.0 feature set—including vertex texture fetch (VTF)—to ensure top-notch compatibility and performance for all DirectX 9 applications.
Delivers advanced visual effects at unimaginable speeds. Full support for Microsoft® DirectX® 9.0 Shader Model 3.0 enabling stunning and complex special effects. Next-generation shader architecture with new texture unit design streamlines texture processing for faster and smoother gameplay.
The industry's first mobile GPU family to support transparency supersampling and multisampling to dramatically improve the quality of objects modeled in alpha-tested textures (typically environmental details like chain link fences, grass, leaves, or other vegetation).
The industry’s fastest antialiasing delivers ultra-realistic visuals, with no jagged edges, at lightning-fast speeds. Visual quality is taken to new heights through a new rotated grid sampling pattern, advanced 128 Tap sample coverage, 16x anisotropic filtering, and support for transparency supersampling and multisampling.
The ultimate lighting effects bring environments to life for a truly immersive, ultra-reailstic experience. Based on the OpenEXR technology from Industrial Light & Magic (//www.openexr.com/), NVIDIA’s 64-bit texture implementation delivers state-of-the-art high dynamic-range (HDR) visual effects through floating point capabilities in shading, filtering, texturing, and blending.
Delivers more memory bandwidth and efficiency to power the latest games and applications at blazing speeds.
NVIDIA PureVideo is a programmable technology that can adapt to new video encoding formats as they are developed, providing a future-proof video solution. Feature

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.305244
Retrieved Text: "Xylograph" term stands for a technique of printing by engraved wood plates. The resulting print often shows the wood texture. "Xylograph LE" plug-in filter allows you to apply a wavy halftone effect with the screen lines angle being gradually changing from shadow to highlight image area. The effects produced with "Xylograph LE" plugin vary from simple woodcut texture to a hand-drawn halftone screen found it many engravings.
Seamless Workshop is a freeware Adobe Photoshop compatible plug-in filter. It composes a seamless tile from any image allowing you to quickly make repeating patterns from your images. Also, a "surrealistic modification" of a picture can be produced. It is a powerful tool for texture creators, and a helpful toy for graphic designers. An advanced tileable algorithm is used. The unique 'Seamless Blur' effect can be useful for any available tileable pattern.
VirtualStudio is a stand-alone, full-featured photo editor that can run virtualPhotographer and other plug-in filters. Now you can quickly and easily retouch and enhance your photos like a professional, using the power of plug-ins. virtualStudio includes all the features you’d expect to find in high quality editing software, and even comes with a selection of picture frames and the ability to add a title and copyright information.
Import your photos from anywhere, then quickly and accurately transform them into stunning pictures that last a lifetime. Automatically stitch your best photographs together to create stunning panoramic pictures, with up to 3000 x 3000 pixels, quickly and easily.
On Pixabay you may find and share images free of copyrights. All pictures are published

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.237328
Retrieved Text: Camtasia Studio 9 free download offline installer. Offline installer of Camtasia Studio 9 download for Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 10 for both 32bit and 64bit architecture.
Camtasia Studio is a video editing software developed by TechSmith group. Its main objective is to create the amazing, stunning and powerful videos. You may also record your laptop audio/video with the option to select the full-screen area or custom selection area. Post video processing tool also available for any further editing of videos. It is useful and helpful video editing tool which targets both education and professional industry. It has also the ability to share video direct to Youtube, Google Drive and Screencast. Its first version was released in October 2002. The trial version has a time span of one month after that you should purchase it.
Like the previous edition of Camtasia studio, current edition had improved the old feature regarding performance. As well as added the new features and improved the multiple bugs reported by feedback and quality assurance team. There are three simple steps to create an amazing and eye-catching video. First of all, select the video you want to edit if you don’t have any video you may create video instantly using Camtasia studio screen recorder. After that export that video to your desired format for later use. By using its multi-track timeline feature alter your favorite video clips, also you have the option to add more images, background music and more. After the editing process is finalized you have the option to upload your

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.168064
Retrieved Text: Catastrophic FX is a full service visual effects studio based in Santa Monica, CA and New York City. With an exceptional team compiled of both experienced creatives, supervisors and technicitions who've come together to create stunning visual imagery and movie magic. With almost two decades f experience, Catastrophic has been delivering world-class visual effects to major feature film, TV, commercials and Video Game projects world wide. Combining extensive experience in post visual effects production, previsualization, look development and custom R&D solutions, Catastrophic offers clients a vast range of VFX services. We provide a local presence for production and post-production working directly with studios, VFX supervisors, directors and production houses, Catastrophic’s VFX Division is ready to guide projects from the earliest phases of preproduction to the completion of post. Thriving on new challenges, the driving goal is to consistently exceed our client’s expectations by delivering astounding, superior-quality work, offering added-value services and doing custom designed solutions for clients and production pipelines. We’re pushing our technology and creativity to new heights—and delivering distinct, superlative work that redefines the state of imagination.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.159904
Retrieved Text: ﻿ After Effects CC Digital Classroom, Jerron Smith. Скачать или читать онлайн.
Edit and apply effects for stellar visual and special effects This important resource is like having a personal instructor guiding you through each lesson, while you work at your own pace. Each self-paced lesson lets you discover essential skills and explore the new features and capabilities of Adobe After Effects CC (Creative Cloud). Every lesson is presented in full color with step-by-step instructions. Video tutorials and lesson files on a companion DVD were developed by the same team of professional instructors and After Effects experts who have created many of the official training titles for Adobe Systems. Combines a full-color, step-by-step instructional book along with lesson files and video training from expert instructors Written for After Effects CC, a leading motion graphics and visual effects program that allows users to create and deliver compelling motion graphics and visual effects Demonstrates how to quickly get up to speed using After Effects to create and animate text, images, and video for the web, TV, and digital displays After Effects CC Digital Classroom takes you from the basics through intermediate-level topics, teaching you this complex software in a clear, approachable manner. DVD and other supplementary materials are not included as part of the e-book file, but are available for download after purchase.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.910725
Retrieved Text: This new multimedia spectacle created by ACTLD and its partners Drop the Spoon, Musicom, ADC and VYV for the prestigious illumination of Strasbourg Cathedral illustrates the poetical story of light and time. For almost three months the public will be treated to a multi-sensory experience this summer: an exclusive compilation of visual content, light, video mapping, projections, music and latest innovation as Boogies® flameless candles.
Inspired by the first illuminations of the Cathedral in the 18th century, our team produced an impressive and authentic spectacle to enhance the millennial architecture of the Cathedral and to tell an enchanting story of an incredible time travel. Our creative team approached this project with a sensitive narrative and a multitude of visual effects projected not only on the cathedral, but also on its surroundings. This global artistic approach is focused on complete immersion of the spectators in a vivid memorable story in which enhanced urban environment is brought to life, becoming a temporary but wonderful tale.
The public discovers several scenes depicting the epic travel of light since the beginning of time. Simultaneously intimate and spectacular, the spectacle invites the public to think of such fascinating and deep notions as time and light. Both very abstract and concrete, they share their journey through the centuries, bearing universal symbols and moving towards modernity while accompanying our daily lives… As does the Cathedral of Strasbourg, a living witness of these concepts.
The illumination of Strasbourg Cathedral presented many challenges in terms of feasibility and technical complexity. For the best visual impact several lighting and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.838335
Retrieved Text: Most of the time, Dubai is the only city in UAE that is in news. But, come February and Sharjah is all set to steal the spotlight. If Dubai is associated with modernism and being a futuristic city, Sharjah takes pride in being the cultural capital of UAE. This emirate is brimming with an amazing assortment of cultural and historic structures and has a dedication towards the Arabic art and cultural scene. The Sharjah Light Festival further enhances the elegance of the city’s popular landmarks and historic sights. Started in 2011 as a way to allure tourists to witness the splendours of Sharjah’s cultural scene, Sharjah Light Festival illuminates the whole emirate with mesmerizing installations and digital visual spectacles for 11 days. 2019 marks the 9th year of this fascinating festival and brings together an assorted collection of internationally renowned visual designers and digital media artists who make Sharjah’s prominent buildings their canvas for the next 11 days. Every year, the festival makes efforts to innovate and enhance its installations by bringing together new techniques of visual projections, technological advancements, new artists and energy saving options for lightings. Over the years it has become one of the most sought after event to look forward to while visiting Sharjah so that guests can get to witness this grand spectacle of illumination and heritage fused together.
Sharjah Light Festival 2019 dates: 7th to 17th February 2019.
Sharjah Light Festival Timings: Sundays to Thursday: 6 pm to 11 pm, Friday and Saturday: 6 pm to 12 am.
Sharjah Light Festival Locations: The

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.766388
Retrieved Text: Restricted to Repository staff only until 30 April 2022.
This thesis proposes a new analytical perspective to the interplay between the entertaining escapism afforded by spectacular action sequences and the expression of cultural themes in the 2000s-present contemporary superhero film cycle. In the introduction I give a review of the spectacle and narrative debate to explain how current studies on popular action film have tended to primarily focus on the way spectacular displays support narrative progression by driving forward the film plot’s narrative chain of cause-and-effect over time. However, the review then explains that whenever the cultural themes invested in these action film narratives are concerned, there is often an assumption that thematic values only surface intermittently as symbolic motifs at certain moments, and so do not really benefit from this kind of storytelling momentum to the same extent. The introduction then sets up my claim that spectacle not only aids the progression of plot by energising narrative causality and temporal progression, but spectacle also contributes other rhythmically kinetic arcs of narration able to developmentally evolve thematic tales of cultural conflict, which I term as narrativised spectacle. I explain my method as one combining a genre theory framework to uncover the cultural contradictions invested in action narratives alongside a neoformalist analysis of the rhythmic components of physical motion, editing, framing, composition and digital visual effects that express these thematic tensions. Examples are then given to show why contemporary superhero films depend on such kinetic kinds of spectacular rhythm, and provide a key case study to work with.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.759655
Retrieved Text: These acrobats with amazing light staffs create displays with your logo, buzz words & even an image of your face if you’d like! Set to dramatic music, this act combines high level acrobatics with mesmerising spinning wheels of light and images.
If you’re after a big light spectacle with a real punch, then this is what you need to book! We can design and produce a fully customised and integrated light show according to your vision.
The perfect Christmas act for your next event! Choose between the Winter Wonderland acrobatic dancers or the cheeky acrobatic elves. Both acts combine high-level acrobatics with amazing light staffs to create a stunning light show.
These winged ballerinas will create that touch of magic for your next event! The dancers combine beautiful images of moving light with stunning choreography whilst on ballet pointe.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.752514
Retrieved Text: Brain Toot Lite 1.001 brings users the convenience of using an efficient program which includes 4 brain training games to give you a mental exercise to test your memory, math, visual and thinking skills.
SWF, Lock and Load is a program to design preloaders to introduce graphics into the website to inform the user of the progress in loading the Flash movie / Macromedia files (SWF).
Video2SWF is an extremely easy program to convert your video files to Flash. Output Macromedia Flash SWF or FLV files, HTML, and self-executables. Supports .avi, .dv, .mov/.qt, .mpeg, .mp4, .wmv, .aiff, .mp3, .wav, .bmp, .gif, .jpg, .pic, .png, .
Text-Osterone is an extremely easy program to generate animated text effects in seconds. Choose from over 200 customizable effects. Outputs Macromedia Flash FLA and SWF files, HTML, self-executables, and QuickTime movies.
Screenography can capture your screen to various image, movie and Flash formats. Very useful for creating tutorials, training videos/CDs and demonstrations.
SWF2Saver is an extremely easy program to convert your Macromedia Flash content into Macintosh OSX Screen Savers.Output screen savers for Macintosh OSX 10.
Audio2SWF is an extremely easy program to convert your audio files into streaming Macromedia Flash files. Audio2SWF is easy to use and is great for publising audio for websites. The trial version will add a watermark to each output.
SWF 'n Slide Pro is an extremely easy program to take any digital images and music, and create a stunning slide show in minutes to share with family and friends.SWF 'n Slide Pro works with all popular file formats for images and audio.
Juke It..

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.708597
Retrieved Text: Extraordinary and Fantastic! You are in the middle of the show, you live it!
A sound system that can recreate the same sound quality as a 3-dimensional surround sound movie theater Surround - Prologic, but for large spaces.
The utilization of special effects, until now used exclusively for movies.
Creation of sound tracks in a system with 4/6/8 digital channels; 5.1 or 7.1.
The utilization of diffraction filters to amplify visual effects.
A pyrotechnical show that is not an ends for itself, but a way to make images move.
Writing, conception, and realization of a spectacle that makes the spectators live the a story.
THE ONLY SYSTEM WITH BASS AND SUB-BASS PROJECTION CAPABLE OF RECREATING A SURROUND SOUND EFFECT IN A SPACE LARGER THAN 500 METERS.
This system, the only one of its type in the world, allows the recreation of a cinematic 3-D sound system over a large area (several acres) with the same effects and ambience.
The "MONSTER" system is made up of speakers with a flexible membrane of 76 cm in diameter placed in a speaker box with 640 liters behind and 300 liters in front. In the front section, a modulation cone 2,40 m long and 1,20 m high is placed over an opening of 1,70 m. With this new technique, the bass and sub bass wavelengths can be carried over great distances with an optimal quality, and without generation of parallel frequencies.
Each element is completed with one or several sound projectors for medium and high sounds. Four, five, six or more of these systems can be dispersed throughout the site

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.635263
Retrieved Text: Captain James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) leads the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise on a brand new mission in Star Trek Beyond, directed by Justin Lin, and also starring Zachary Quinto as Mr. Spock, Karl Urban as Dr. McCoy, and Zoe Saldana as Lt. Uhura. Powering the world's most famous starship are visual effects teams from Double Negative, Atomic Fiction, and Kelvin Optical. Joel Harlow supervises makeup effects, with special effects under the watchful eye of Cameron Waldbauer.
Legendary Pictures and Universal Pictures present Warcraft, in which opposing armies of humans and orcs battle to save their respective worlds from annihilation. Duncan Jones directs the epic fantasy based on Blizzard Entertainment's popular online game, World of Warcraft. Visual effects supervisor Bill Westenhofer brings the war-torn realm of Azeroth fully to life, working with artists from Industrial Light & Magic, Rodeo FX, Animatrik Film Design, Hybride Technologies, and Prime Focus World. Practical magic is wielded by special effects supervisor Cameron Waldbauer, makeup effects supervisor Adrien Morot, Lindala Schminken FX, and Weta Workshop.
What Would Roland Emmerich Do?
Twenty years after the release of the mega-hit Independence Day, director Roland Emmerich returns with a sequel in which Earth is once again threatened by a lethal alien force. Starring Liam Hemsworth, the film features state-of-the-art visual effects spectacle created by Emmerich's longtime collaborators at Uncharted Territory, along with the wizards at Weta Digital, Scanline VFX, MPC, Image Engine, Digital Domain and Cinesite — all working under the stewardship of visual effects supervisors Volker Engel and Marc Weigert.
Warner Bros. Pictures presents a new

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: a gentle and engrossing character study . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.044115
Retrieved Text: Tour de force from Harvey Fierstein and excellent supporting cast (and a phenomenal set). Love may hurt but also forces us to grow. Intertwined with a gentle history of not so gentle gay life. And funny. Is he a performer or an artist?
We thoroughly enjoyed the Public’s engrossing production of this well-written, well-directed, and well-acted play.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.016428
Retrieved Text: Its languid pace befits the Recife setting, and Filho sets many scenes on long walks down the coast or just after a particularly satisfying mid-day nap. His world is filled with music, dance and wine, and if the film takes a some time to get where it’s going, the beachfront setting remains a pleasant place to stay. Call it an escapist tale about stubbornly staying put.
Though Braga's performance sometimes outshines Mendonça's leisurely two-and-a-half hour narrative, in its better moments the two work in marvelous harmony.
The virtue of Aquarius – the title, incidentally, alludes to the name of the block Clara lives in – is that it never feels the need to sermonise: its ethical, political and psychological insights are carefully contained within a consistently compelling narrative that feels fluid, relevant and true.
Clara is the film’s heroine and Braga deserves high praise for her phenomenal performance. Stately, headstrong, and all-too-recognizably human, she’s a delight to watch from start to finish, keeping the viewer mesmerized by her charisma and intensely rooting for her victory.
Aquarius is a character study as well as a shrewd meditation on the needless transience of place and the way physical space elides with our identity.
Braga is simply riveting in this gift of a role.
This endearing old-age drama works best as an earnest and colorful character study, even if it doesn't really break any new cinematic ground.
It’s a richly detailed character study, immersing the audience in the life and mind of its imperious main character.
Braga has been presented with an uncommonly dense and multi-faceted role

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.239128
Retrieved Text: During a bone-chilling snap of record cold weather, a series of enigmatic drowning deaths play out in a small summer resort community on Long Island's Shinnecock Bay. Quickly implicated in the death is a local college professor named Deacon Kane, himself recovering from the accidental drowning death of his only son years ago - recovering slowly, and with the help of alcohol and an addictive, messy affair with a married woman. As the police and several other interested parties watch his every move, Kane befriends a hypnotically alluring bartender named Collette and quickly continues his brutal downward spiral with little regard for self-preservation. Whether and how Kane is connected to the young victims are the questions everyone wants answered. And as it becomes clear that Kane himself may not know the extent of his own involvement, all must admit that something dark and sinister is at work in Southhampton. Daniel Judson has a virtuoso's touch and an uncanny ability to layer suspense, plot, and character study into an engrossing and completely surprising crime novel that will not soon be forgotten.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.174704
Retrieved Text: Placing a engrossing hayneedle dresser using a built-in style and design below the window in your dresser could create a enjoyable spot to read your favorite novels. You can save your self more spaces by using the storage seat for a bookshelf. You just have to simply take your favorite novels out from the rack below the storage bench. In order to really have a more engrossing hayneedle dresser, you can incorporate some attractive cushions and cushions that are soft. In this manner, you have the capacity to to own a comfy and personal reading spot in your dresser. You might also add decorative lamps therefore you can still read your books at nighttime time.
engrossing hayneedle dresser are about themes and designs. They’ll desire a cool dresser with hero themes or trendy routines. If the elders prefer the tender, unbiased, and calming colors, the boys will prefer their own room to become full of vibrant colored factors. It is not a surprise that they may ask their chamber to be paired with green and blue or brown and yellow. There are at least three important sets which you have to look closely at a boy’s dresser. The initial one is the engrossing hayneedle dresser. Ordinarily, for your dresser collections, they are going to request a hero blanket or pay with blue or green colors.
Other advocated engrossing hayneedle dresser you should decide on is outdoor particulars. It will bold the carefree up personality as it leaves the space seem larger by making a lot more room interior

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.924883
Retrieved Text: It’d be a shame to adorn a voice as powerful as Glee star Lea Michele’s with too much fuss. So Places doesn’t; it’s a straight-up vocal showcase packed with engrossing, emotional tunes. On songs like the gentle opener “Love Is Alive”, there’s little more than a graceful piano or string section to guide her, allowing those expressive pipes to soar over heartfelt, typically uplifting lyrics. When she sings, “I’m still a believer/Can’t nobody tame this raging heart”, on “Believer”, it works as both a tender self-reflection and a battle cry.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.308966
Retrieved Text: The Last Mixed Tape is proud to premiere ‘The Getty’, the debut single from Claire Z.
The first track taken from her upcoming debut album Between the Sun & Moon, the shimmer-filled neo-soul sound of ‘The Getty’ showcases Claire Z’s lush music brimming with gentle harmonies and laid back beats punctuated by big clashes of dynamism.
Makin an engrossing first impression, ‘the Getty’ is a highly-stylised debut offering from Claire Z that paves the way for captivating full length album.
Click below to listen to TLMT’s exclusive first listen of ‘the Getty’ by Claire Z. The single itself is out now via Spotify.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.87244
Retrieved Text: Absolutely brilliant. Quintessentially Disney but with a contemporary flavour. The entire movie is animated except for Mowgli wonderfully played by Neel Sethi. The CGI and animation are so realistic that you forget the forest and animals are not real - they look and feel totally authentic as if it's real life action. You've got to see it to believe it. The story is wonderfully rich and uplifting. The voicing of all the animals is perfect. There is gentle humour alongside some thrilling action sequences. There's a couple of well known songs but this movie is definitely not a musical (for which I'm grateful). THE JUNGLE BOOK is a must see in 3D in the cinema if at all possible. Totally engrossing. Don't miss it!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.657022
Retrieved Text: Subtext offer an engrossing study of the Davul drum, improvised with personalised, extended technique by Turkish artist Cevdet Erek and recorded in Berlin. While common to many cultures across the middle east and Europe, we’d wager few have heard the davul sound quite like it does on this record, where it’s turned into a bewildering and fluidly disciplined display of low end rumbles, scrapes and rimshots in uniquely expressive rhythms.
Davul proceeds Erek’s Frenzy (OST) for Subtext with a broader, more in-depth exploration of the drum’s myriad voices presented with no overdubs or edits, effectively using a finely skilled approach - honed in private over a number of years - to document the instrument’s rawest character traits, and, by turns, revealing some of its most uncharacteristic potentials.
The results recall a broad set of reference points, with opener Heal sounding like Colin Stetson jamming on a single note with First Nation peoples, whereas Prepare sounds out like some caveman dancehall (actually reminds us of when the sound cut out at an Equiknoxx show and folk beat the a rhythm for Shanique on the walls), whilst on Kirast he makes it sound like a detuned Balafon prepped for war, and Dicycles could almost be the sound of a knackered tractor engine failing to properly combust.
The results make for an intense listen and form Erek’s purest statement of intent to date; a exhaustively fascinating and intimate experience.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.511206
Retrieved Text: My mom read this book a few years ago and loved it so it’s been on my list of books to read. I grabbed it at a half price sale at Open Books in June while searching for summer reading. It’s a fictional love story rooted in certain facts about an affair Frank Lloyd Wright had late in his career. The story is about the woman, Mamah Borthwick Cheney, mostly.
Wright led an interesting life for sure. I thought, before I read this book, that I knew a little of the history because I’d been on guided tours of his home and studio and Robie House. I didn’t know jack. His life certainly didn’t need any fiction to spice it up. The author, Nancy Horan, stuck to the facts. The fictional part comes mostly in the form of inhabiting the mind of Mamah and building out her character and also adding to Wright’s character through Mamah’s eyes. I think it worked well.
I’m not a heavy user of the love story. I have been known to get engrossed in a Jane Austen movie, but I rarely read love stories. I’ll have to look down through the list to see if I’m being truthful. The love story aspect of this book was definitely engrossing as was the character study of Mamah. The time and place, 1907-1913 America, was a stifling place for women and Mamah’s drive towards self-actualization against societal norms was great reading.
What courage for a young man. Mamah had thought when she heard the story. What confidence

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.494064
Retrieved Text: The critics have spoken and the consensus is that Unsolved is an engrossing crime drama with a stellar ensemble, including stars Josh Duhamel, Jimmi Simpson, Bokeem Woodbine -- along with standout newcomers Marcc Rose as Tupac Shakur and Wavyy Jonez and Christopher Wallace AKA The Notorious B.I.G. Here’s why the critics are raving about Unsolved, premiering tonight on USA!
If you’re looking for your next true crime obsession, check out USA’s new limited series Unsolved: The Murders of Tupac and The Notorious B.I.G., which delves into two separate LAPD investigations of the murders of two rap legends in the 1990s.
But don’t just take our word for it! The critics have spoken and the consensus is that Unsolved is an engrossing crime drama with a stellar ensemble, including stars Josh Duhamel, Jimmi Simpson, Bokeem Woodbine -- along with standout newcomers Marcc Rose as Tupac Shakur and Wavyy Jonez and Christopher Wallace AKA The Notorious B.I.G.
Here’s why the critics are raving about Unsolved, premiering tonight on USA!
Set the DVR! Unsolved: The Murders of Tupac and The Notorious B.I.G. airs Tuesdays at 10/9c on USA!
How Many of These Things from 1997 Do You Remember?
See the Character Posters for Unsolved: The Murders of Tupac and The Notorious B.I.G.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.455893
Retrieved Text: The reader performs different voices for each dull character and to say the least they are unbearable. I felt embarrassed listening.
Held my interest from the first word.
loved the narrator. she did a fabulous job of separating the characters by changing her voice. great story line and strong character. I'm looking forward to book 2.
The underpinning psychology of this murder mystery is very interesting and seems very credible. It’s a page turner of quality.
The narrator does a very good job.
if you can suspend your belief this is a fun crime romp! Don't question the plot or characters too closely and just enjoy it. The narrator destroyed the character of the police detective for me, but she was wonderful with all other characterisations, go figure!
I listened all weekend because the story is engrossing. The reader is good. The characterisations are well done. I am looking forward to the next in the series.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.125156
Retrieved Text: Photo courtesy of Creative Commons & karindalziel.
At the end of the chapter (at the end of every chapter, actually), Maass has a checklist. Because Raising the stakes in your writing is such an important part of the writing process, I wanted to post it here. Not everyone has read the book (I do recommend picking it up), and the checklist is an important one.
All stories are character driven.
Engrossing characters are out of the ordinary.
Readers’ sympathy for characters comes from characters’ strengths.
Larger-than-life characters say what we cannot say, do what we cannot do, change in ways that we cannot change.
Larger-than-life characters have conflicting sides and are conscious of self.
Dark protagonists appeal only when they have sympathetic sides; e.g., they struggle to change or have hidden sensitivity.
The highest character qualities are self-sacrifice and forgiveness.
Build a cast for contrast.
Build complex character relationships by combining roles.
Choose a narrator based on who is changed most by the story’s events.
Build depth of character with tools like character biographies, author-character dialogues, etc.
Differentiate characters with character charts.
Breakout characters are deep and many-sided.
Tagged Character Development, Character Interviews, Characters, Donald Maass.
Yes, the choice of narrator point was interesting to me as well. I’ll be keeping that one in mind next month when NaNoWriMo starts up!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.116451
Retrieved Text: Ahead of it’s official digital release on September 30th, Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross have decided to stream the entire Gone Girl soundtrack on NPR. You can listen to the record here.
Gone Girl marks the third collaboration between Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross and is just as fruitful as their previous efforts for The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo and The Social Network. The soundtrack begins rather peacefully with “What Have We Done To Each Other?” and “Sugar Storm” and their soft and gentle ambient soundscapes. By the time “Clue One” and “Clue Two” come around things have a taken a turn towards a more tense and forbidding atmosphere befitting the nature of the novel.
As usual, Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross succeed in combining both the disturbing and beautiful seamlessly. The soundtrack is an engrossing listen that works as a piece all of it’s own.
The film is out on October 3rd. Check out the trailer below.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.99576
Retrieved Text: On Sunday, I felt convicted to give a day to the Lord, so instead of writing, I read a book I've been looking forward to for a while, "Stain of Guilt" by Brandilyn Collins, book 2 in her "Hidden Faces" series.
As I drew, the house felt eerie in its silence. . . . A strange sense stole over me, as though Bland and I were two actors on stage, our movements spotlighted, black emptiness between us. But that darkness grew smaller as the space between us shrank. I did not know if this sense was due to my immersion in Bland’s face and mind and world, or to my fear of his threatening presence. Or both . . . The nerves between my shoulder blades began to tingle. Help me, God. Please.
For twenty years, a killer has eluded capture for a brutal double murder. Now, forensic artist Annie Kingston has agreed to draw the updated face of Bill Bland for the popular television show American Fugitive.
To do so, Annie must immerse herself in Bland’s traits and personality. A single habitual expression could alter the way his face has aged. But as she descends into his criminal mind and world, someone is determined to stop her. At any cost. Annie’s one hope is to complete the drawing and pray it leads authorities to Bland--before Bland can get to her.
Incredibly exciting reading. As in book 1, "Brink of Death," the novel opens like the gentle prelude to a symphony, then screeches off like a tire-burning corvette disappearing down

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.900314
Retrieved Text: Pulling himself out of the tabloid mire that threatened to swamp him during his relationship with Jennifer Lopez, Ben Affleck is on a roll. First, there was his tragic, nuanced performance as the late George "Superman" Reeves in "Hollywoodland," earning critics' accolades and award nominations. But that was just a precursor to Affleck's assured directorial debut "Gone Baby Gone"  an engrossing intersection of mystery, drama, crime procedural, and character study that Affleck and co-screenwriter Aaron Stockard adapted from a novel by "Mystic River" author Dennis Lehane. Apparently, Affleck's Oscar for co-writing the script of "Good Will Hunting" was no fluke. In "Gone Baby Gone," 4-year-old Amanda is kidnapped from her single mother's apartment in a rough, working-class Boston-area neighborhood. Patrick Kenzie (Casey Affleck, Ben's kid brother) and Angie Gennaro (Michelle Monaghan), a young couple living together and working together as private investigators, are hired by Amanda’s aunt (Amy Madigan) to find the little girl. Patrick and Angie quickly come into conflict with the cops on the case, as well as Amanda's mother (Amy Ryan), various suspects and leads, and, eventually, each other. The film is blessed by terrific work from the entire cast, including Ed Harris as police detective Remy Broussard and Morgan Freeman as his superior officer Jack Doyle, and loads of local color. Affleck, who hails from the area, seems right at home with the story's gritty milieu. The taut, no-nonsense style of his direction recalls the lean, close-to-the-bone approach of fellow actor-turned-director Clint Eastwood  and that bodes well for Affleck's continued

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.870502
Retrieved Text: “Infandous” (adj.): Something so terrible that it is unspeakable.
Sephora Golding has a secret that is definitely defined well in her story’s title. Born and raised in Venice Beach, CA, the sixteen-year-old has always seen her life not so much as her own, but as an extension of her mother’s radiant beauty and somewhat tragic story. Sephora’s life revolves around her single mom, their tiny apartment, and her fairy tale art.
But Sephora’s fairy tale isn’t a Disney classic. It’s a strange, twisted journey with some seriously unsettling edges. INFANDOUS studies the fallout after Sephora has a fling with a much older man, all the while her mother begins a tentative relationship with someone much younger. Can possessive, unmotivated, but brilliantly creative Sephora find her own place in the world? Or will she be forever changed by her fairy tale turned grim?
It’s important to note that while there’s lots of gruesome old school fairy tale and Greek myth references and retellings, Sephora’s story is in no way mythological or supernatural. Hers is the most real form of realism out there, ingrained in the actions of everyday life and in no way sugarcoated.
INFANDOUS is a very introspective character study, however– One that may not work for some readers. The story works to capture Sephora in the moment and thus remains fairly stagnant. The main character isn’t always the most relatable, but you’re always curious about where her story is leading. Supporting characters like her mother, her mother’s prospective love interest, and her best friend help fill out the world

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.781645
Retrieved Text: I am drawn to the purity, harmony and order of the nature of life. I create Mixed Media Paintings and Drawings that reflect my sensibilities of the calm, the vital and the sound.
The subjects of the works are embodiments of living nature, inspired by the moods of nature and the character of the living beings in my world. I draw from a study of the visual voices of Renaissance and Modern masters, particularly Fra Angelico, Da Vinci, Rothko, and Matisse. I thrive on creating images that reflect the power of gentle nature.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.633791
Retrieved Text: As the sun begins to heat up and the shade of a nearby tree becomes an ever-engrossing daydream, students have begun debating the merits of exploring the great outdoors versus studying amongst the high-ceilinged bookcases that line the Main Stacks corridors. While last Friday marked the end of Berkeley’s formal classes, the fun is only just beginning as RRR week approaches. Better known as “Dead Week,” RRR week is a full 7 days dedicated to studying for finals and attending various office hours and review sessions, but more often than not, the time is spent on more…well, engrossing topics.
The big question every student must contemplate: “How will I spend dead week?” Wanting to get the scoop on who actually studied and who had study “parties,” I decided to actually go find out. And what better to get to know the students than by prowling around Sproul Steps?
After a few hours worth of talking to people, I complied a pretty decent array of responses to the simple question: “What’s your favorite thing to do during dead week?” I heard everything from sleeping in to frat hopping to spontaneous trips to SF; I even got several Stanford trips among the mix (hissss…). But what was the most popular? Surprisingly enough it was a mix, “Study party kickbacks.” When I asked what that entailed, I learned that it means studying all day with review groups, but then once everyone’s brains starts to wander it’s time to pile onto a couch and put in a movie/pop open a beer or

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.63189
Retrieved Text: Menashe Review | Absorbing and fascinating on multiple levels.
"Few protagonists in recent memory have been so painfully flawed as Menashe. "
"Maneshe is fascinating as a window into a rarely seen-on-film culture and absorbing as an examination of a very human personality. "
The access Menashe provides to Hasidic culture is enormously engrossing but so is the central figure of Menashe Lustig. Weinstein discovered Lustig on YouTube after the latter had become a minor internet sensation, posting Charlie Chaplin-esque videos of himself in comic situations, such as trying to fry an egg with an iron. He may be one of the first Hasidic Jews to cultivate a YouTube presence and he is certainly one of the few.
Menashe the man is clearly a person with a strong inclination towards creativity. Menashe the film is a powerful representation of the contest between our internal sense of self and our sense of self that’s engendered by external influence. It’s about a man who can’t help being himself, in a community to which his personality doesn’t easily lend itself to. It is a film filled with small moments that make a larger impact than the initially appear to. Some films linger with you because their spirit is impossible to shake. Menashe stays because its subtleties are so on the money.
Menashe’s wife has been dead for almost one year. He has a son, Rieven (Ruben Niborski), who has been placed in the care of Menashe’s disapproving brother-in-law, Eizik (Yoel Weisshaus). Much of the film progresses at a meandering pace. This is not a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.622587
Retrieved Text: If you thought the Age of Wushu world was engrossing before, then wait until the weather system update arrives!
Take a look at this sneak peek video below and watch as a character runs through a dark forest at night, drenched by rain, covered by clouds, and surrounded by lightning.
Currently under development, the active environmental system will first be available for Chinese servers and include a day/night cycle, seasons, weather, and much more. It’s more than just to look pretty though; weather will affect many aspects of the martial arts MMORPG, including certain skills and events.
Stay tuned and be sure to hone your skills, because great things are coming!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.245481
Retrieved Text: Writer/director Jordan Peele is back with another creepy chiller that I liked better than “Get Out” (my review). This one focuses on a happy family starting a vacation near the seaside, but before long an ominous group shows up that looks exactly like them, with much more negative vibes. From there, things get fun, in a suspenseful way. The scares and violence are peppered with Peele’s comic smarts. The father character (Winston Duke) is certainly channeling Peele’s own style. While the concept behind the doppelgangers is promising, there are some question marks that throw the logic off the rails a bit. Still, it’s an inventive and engrossing addition to the genre.
I really enjoyed the movie. I agree much better than “Get Out”.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.218422
Retrieved Text: This author knows how to write chemistry. Great romance. Full review to come!
Powerful book. I loved it!
What a great book! Good summer coming of age story.
Whipped through this one. Great idea, great conflict, tons of action. Full review to come.
Good ghost story! Good mystery. Full review to come!
Good mystery. Great main character. And boarding school, always a bonus!
Frustrating book. The main character did everything but follow his own instincts and it kept getting him in trouble. It ended without answering enough questions for me. However, MG/YA readers (especially those in my library) will love this and be clamoring for book two!
Started this as an audio & loved it so much I had to finish the print version so I could get done faster. Fun, whimsical fairy tale with a bit of darkness. Just adored it, can't wait for #2!
Wow. So moving and emotional.
What a fun world Marigold & Christian live in!
Engrossing. Well written. I don't know why she would spend all this time having us love this character then end it like that!
Very fascinating.Full review to come.
Just great. So good! Looking forward to book #2.
Great start to a new series. I can't wait to see more of Eli! Full review to come!
Enjoyed this a lot! Good mystery.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.205929
Retrieved Text: Born in Cape Town, raised in Gugulethu, it was Motheo’s love of imagery that led him to study at the National College of Photography.
His interest in creating powerful pictures and the drive to expand moments drove him to explore the possibilities of cinematography.
Having graduated with an already impressive list of achievements, Motheo has completed five feature films, that made waves at some of the most highly respected film festivals around the world.
He has worked on a wide variety of formats, with a lot of different directors, but one thing remains the same: Motheo’s gentle character and collaborative working style make anything possible, a formidable skill in an industry built on imagination.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.20033
Retrieved Text: If you're going to mess with the 'Top Dog', you're going to get bitten. 80s Blackpool was no place for a boy who wanted to be a man.
The comedy is original and genuinely funny, I have laughed out loud many times reading this book. But the story and the plot are also really engaging. The opening two or three chapters seem quite character-dense but they all soon come to life and there is no padding, filling or wasted time reading unnecessary stuff. There is a real feel for Blackpool in the 80's (when it is set) and the story just flies along right up to the finale, the climax. There's tension, drama, twists and lots of laughs. A really well written, funny and engrossing book that I shall read again.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.178106
Retrieved Text: Most famous characters from books have this in common: They grapple with internal and external conflict.
Internal struggle might stem from difficult decisions or else the lingering psychological effects of past experiences. Characters also face external conflicts, from defeating villains to overcoming harsh, unforgiving environments.
Take, for example, the fictional character Jon Snow from George R. R. Martin’s A Song of Ice and Fire fantasy series (the source material for HBO’s A Game of Thrones).
Snow’s backstory shapes the character’s internal conflict. He is constantly reminded of his ‘illegitimate’ status, making him an outsider.
Besides the internal conflict this yields, it also launches external conflict. Jon’s father’s wife, Catelyn, for example, resents him because he is a living reminder of Ned’s infidelity. Together, internal and external conflict make Jon a sympathetic character, since he faces adversity through no fault of his own.
Internal and external conflicts advance plot. Jon joins the Night’s Watch that guards the borders to the north of Winterfell fortress. His decision is driven, in part, by the desire to escape the limitations imposed by his birth status. Jon Snow’s arc shows how internal and external conflict can shape a character’s psychology and choices.
Flaws and minor inconsistencies in characters’ behaviour are capable of making their unfolding lives riveting.
In Leo Tolstoy’s Anna Karenina, for example, the title character is complex and engrossing, in part due to her inconsistencies.
For example, although Anna has an extra-marital affair with a cavalry officer, Count Vronsky, she herself becomes increasingly jealous and suspicious of Vronsky. Anna’s suspicion of Vronksy’s faithfulness seems hypocritical. After all,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.98518
Retrieved Text: Beautifully composed and incredibly moving, director Sylvain Chomet ("The Triplets of Belleville") takes animation to a new level through sublime simplicity in "The Illusionist," a bittersweet, melancholy tale about a slight-of-hand illusionist at the end of the vaudeville era, as the performers find themselves becoming obsolete.
Told almost wordlessly, if there was ever a filmmaker to make the case for a return to silent cinema, it's Chomet who adapted the screenplay, which is almost dialogue-less but still stunningly evocative, from one originally written by mime/filmmaker Jacques Tati.
There's been a flurry of controversy surrounding the film, with a number of conflicting reports over the inspiration for the film. Many claim it was written as Tati's attempt to reconcile with his eldest daughter, Helga Marie-Jeanne Schiel, a child he abandoned as a baby, leading some to speculate the film was inspired by his shame and remains the only public recognition of her existence.
Not that any of that matters when you're sitting in a dark theater being carried along on this enchantingly somber ride.
"The Illusionist," or "L'Illusioniste" in Tati and Chomet's native tongue, is such intimate, delicate filmmaking, it makes Pixar fare look downright garish. Hand animated, the film follows a silver haired magician whose tricks have grown dusty and quaint, whose rabbit has diva tendencies and whose appeal is quickly evaporating in a world where pop rock is emerging. But when the Illusionist travels to a remote island off the coast of Scotland to perform in a small village pub, he meets Alice, a young girl dazzled by his

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.932314
Retrieved Text: First published in 1903, The Call of the Wild is regarded as Jack London's masterpiece. Based on London's experiences as a gold prospector in the Canadian wilderness and his ideas about nature and the struggle for existence, The Call of the Wild is a tale about unbreakable spirit and the fight for survival in the frozen Alaskan Klondike. It is amazing just how engrossing a book about a dog can be. Then again, this is also a tribute to the North and a time of exploration that is long gone--Jack London could have probably written this about a human, for the detail and love he gives his lead character, a furry boy called Buck. He's half St. Bernard, half Shepherd, with a mix-in of something a little more fierce that responds to his northern experience and the title of the book.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.853888
Retrieved Text: "There's something so appealing about books with a whole cast of main characters. It's as if the listener has the chance to identify with not just one character but with a community. In this engrossing audiobook, Meg Wolitzer and Jen Tullock join forces to create three-dimensional characters whose friendship spans the period between their teenage years at an artsy summer camp and their midlife years in and around New York City. Tullock's gift is her ability to capture conversations without overdramatizing the inflections or the voices. Her pacing is superb, and her tone lends a contemporary feel to this contemporary novel. Beautifully written and performed, this audiobook will appeal to lovers of literary fiction as well as those interested in hearing the stories of kindred spirits. L.B.F. Winner of AudioFile Magazine Earphones Award (c) AudioFile 2013, Portland, Maine"

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.84401
Retrieved Text: On Outfolding, Saul Stokes transcends the moniker "sonic innovator" and on to the plateau of "music visionary". On this, his third album, Stokes goes well beyond technicalist to encompass a stunning range of moods and character. With mostly hand built, self designed equipment, Stokes creates cerebral timbres, intelligent rhythms, warm pads and icy effects. This release is engrossing, atmospheric and distracting as it lingers on once run its course in the CD player.
Stokes's compositions have been commonly referred to as aural explorations and certainly a love of synthesized sound is demonstrated on, but with the powerful emotional content of an evolved artist. We are offered mood pieces which delve into the regions of isolation, joy, dislocation, euphoria, the heart and mind. With exquisite pacing and phrasing, "Outfolding" is part sonic experiment, part introspective facilitator, part soundtrack to modern life and entirely immeasurable.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.769268
Retrieved Text: The Last Prince of Tulizia is an incredibly dense and detailed work of science fiction. The fantasy world and the characters created by author Malela Werner are built slowly but surely, allowing the reader to settle in to the plot without confusion.
The story opens with the tale of a mythical alien kingdom which mirrors our own galaxy, and the Tulizians inhabiting the planet. The story of the royal family no doubt pulls from Werner’s own Congolese heritage and the Biblical story of Joseph, and her inventiveness is engrossing. Unfortunately, when the story switches to Earth to tell of the orphaned Destiny, the narrative grinds to a halt. Destiny is an interesting character but she comes across as aimless and formless until she realizes her destiny is entwined with a mysterious man from Tulizia.
The book picks up when Destiny is older, and the chapters switch between her coming of age and the politics and wars on Tulizia. However, the very density that makes the world-building extraordinary bogs down the action and character growth. Both settings suffer from unnecessary description and dialogue that makes the characters fall flat. Despite the flaws therein, The Last Prince of Tulizia is an interesting read and Werner is a very capable writer.

================



======= Instance Index 8 =========
Input Text: it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.09944
Retrieved Text: Claude Chabrol’s lavish adaptation of the novel by Gustave Flaubert, with Isabelle Huppert in the title role.
Chabrol's Bovary begins with sensorial scenes that travel through time: but quite doesn't keep up with this achievement: it gets lost as the story progresses. Still a heart-filled play by Hupert - as always she is stunning. At the end, Bovary is always a fine story to watch and this adaptation does enough with it.
Is it ironic to expect fidelity from a film adaptation of Madame Bovary? In any case there's no more faithful adaptation. Chabrol is showing off his close reading skills. He attempted following camera directions from Gustave himself (until it didn't work) . Huppert makes surprising choices, but comes off as too withdrawn. It captures the coldness of the source, but none of the warmth. Bonus points for the gross-out.
4.5 One of my favorite films by this director. Huppert is the whole film. This is the best version of Madame Bovary I have seen. Huppert gives it her all. I read in an interview that her mother died during the production of this film. Her emotions are (as always) so real, but it gives you an interacting fact to think about as you watch this beautifully made film.
19th century extra-marital affairs, Chabrol style, an ideal choice to adapt Flaubert's novel it seems. Evocative period setting complete with costuming. There is a growing sense of inescapable urgency throughout, building towards the inevitable but Huppert's closed cinematic personality may, for once, be preventative rather than a plus point.
the romance

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.57566
Retrieved Text: Vezi Acum Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir S01E05 - Timebreaker Online Subtitrat in romana calitate HD. Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir S01E05 - Timebreaker este un episod lansat pe 23 octombrie 2015 super! Vezi acum online gratuit!
Marinette's parents celebrate their 20th anniversary, leaving Marinette to take care of one of her father's special cake orders. However she gets a call from Alya to bring a banner she made for a race between her two classmates, Alix and Kim. Meanwhile, Alix is celebrating her 15th birthday when she receives a family heirloom as a present: a pocket-watch. She arrives to the race and gives her watch to Alya to protect it, however during the race multiple situations occur and the watch ends up broken. Angry at her friends, Alix becomes influenced by Hawk Moth and is turned into 'Timebreaker', a speedy super villain who can travel through time.
Distribuie sau scrie parerea ta despre episodul Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir S01E05 - Timebreaker.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.965324
Retrieved Text: A lost gem rediscovered! Thanks to the efforts of the Film Noir Foundation, this terrific 1950 film noir, the only American print of which was burned in a 2008 fire, has been rescued and restored to its original luster. Join the wild chase around San Francisco as a man goes into hiding after witnessing a gangland execution. Police bird-dog his wife Eleanor (Ann Sheridan), certain she'll lead them to her husband, whose testimony against the killer could bring down a crime kingpin. But Eleanor and her hubbie are Splitsville--she never wants to see him again.
When roguish newspaperman Danny Leggett (Dennis O'Keefe) charms Eleanor into helping him track down the hidden husband--there are unexpected, stunning, and poignant results. This nervy, shot-on-location thriller is a witty and wise look at the travails of romance and marriage, and perhaps the best cinematic depiction ever of mid-20th century San Francisco.
and Ann Sheridan is standout. They don't make em like they used ta.
Doesn't fit all the definitions of "noir" (right off da bat, the protagonist is a dame, an' she don' even pack heat), but it's a lost gem. A great San Francisco picture in many ways including tastes of the waterfront, Playland, downtown, bohemian life, ethnic history, etc. Heartbreaking performance by Ann Sheridan. Watch her face change as she slowly learns the truth about her husband, each time she gets another bit of information about him, realizing how little she knew. The movie tricks the viewer: it pretends to be a movie about one thing, but it's really a movie

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.64573
Retrieved Text: Clark: Just look at the beautiful Kansas landscape that surrounds our small town.
Pete: If it's so small, how come we don't have any recurring characters? Now having used up my one line for this episode, I think I'll go find Travis Mayweather and see if we can't find a local Blues bar.
Clark: Well, if it's not small, then why is it called Smallville?
Chloe: Because the founders of the town were the Smalls. Just another way in which this show rewrites continuity.
Clark: Hey, we're not Enterprise. Who cares about continuity?
Jonathan: Clark, you should use your powers for good, but you shouldn't ever tell anyone you have them.
Clark: Why should I listen to you?
Martha: You should listen to him because he's your father, but if that isn't good enough, he's also Bo Duke from "The Dukes of Hazzard."
Clark: And who are you?
Martha: I'm your mother, and if that isn't good enough, I was also Lana Lang in Superman III.
Clark: Just what I needed, an Oedipus complex.
Lana: Clark, what's your big secret that you keep hiding?
Clark: Secret? What secret? Changing the subject quickly, wanna go out?
Lex: Clark, what's your big secret that you keep hiding?
Clark: Secret? What secret? Changing the subject quickly, what's your evil dad up to?
Lex: He's trying to find out your secret.
Kryptonite-Enhanced Freak of the Week: MWAHAHAHAHAHA! Now where's Lana so I can kidnap her?
Freak: You know, it's not politically correct to keep showing a helpless female getting captured by a villain every week.
Lionel: Lex, why are you constantly scheming against me?
Lex: That prophecy about the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.19235
Retrieved Text: It’s clear from the opening scene of Michael Haneke‘s controversial 2001 classic The Piano Teacher, available in a new HD digital transfer on Blu-ray from The Criterion Collection, that some severely repressed feelings are lurking under the surface.
It opens with a vicious fight and subsequent make-up between 46-year-old Erika (Isabelle Huppert) and her mother (Annie Girardot), where the daughter pulls on her mother’s hair and strikes her. Then they go to sleep in the same bed. Her mother says: “No one must outdo you.” It will be a mantra for Erika that we will find out goes so painfully against every fiber of her sexual being.
In her life as a professor who demands something close to perfection from her students, Erika is indeed all about control. She’s an expert at controlling her own desires as well because, outside of her mother, the people in her life accept this one dimensional persona. By way of a warning, we learn off-handedly at one point that her father went insane in an asylum.
The Piano Teacher is shot in and around a Viennese conservatory, but this is not some hoity-toity drama of manners. No, Nobel laureate Elfriede Jelinek’s 1983 novel was provocative too, and her main character was even more expressive. Haneke is rigidly formalistic. He creates plenty of suspense and shock, even though there’s no actual score to assist him, just the diagetic music in individual scenes.
Huppert plays Erika like a woman detached. She cannot give up control. There are so many scenes where a massive change happens on

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.872252
Retrieved Text: The Maids - Did He Like It?
Sydney Theatre Company returns to Lincoln Center Festival with Cate Blanchett, Isabelle Huppert, and Elizabeth Debicki in Jean Genet’s The Maids. Inspired by the story of the infamous Papin sisters who brutally killed their employer and her daughter, Genet’s play delves into the rituals of siblings Claire and Solange—played by Blanchett and Huppert—as they take turns playing both sides of the power divide and plot the demise of the domineering Mistress (Debicki). The production is directed by one of Australia’s most regarded theatrical talents, Benedict Andrews.
August 10, 2014: Some real classy dames are tearing up the joint at City Center, where the Sydney Theater Company is performing its rip-roaring production of Jean Genet’s The Maids as part of the Lincoln Center Festival through Aug. 16. You might add that these ladies, embodied in the august personages of Cate Blanchett and Isabelle Huppert, are stinking up the place, as well. Their language, with its sewer-mouth talk of body odors and functions, is as rank as it is florid. Then there’s that fancy perfume they keep spritzing on their private parts. And, oh, those cut flowers — what looks like acres of them — which are flung about at random and used as vigorous instruments of flagellation. A less-charitable theatergoer might detect another aroma within this bouquet of smells: the whiff of acting so ripe it’s gone rotten. But to object to that would be to miss the point of what the comfort-zone-trashing director, Benedict Andrews, and his brave cast of three

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.705706
Retrieved Text: Isabelle Huppert. Photo Credit: Ahron R. Foster.
The Mother, embodied by the formidable Isabelle Huppert (Sydney Theatre/Lincoln Center Festival’s The Maids), the absolute main reason to see this at the Atlantic Theater Company, sits impatiently regale waiting for her husband to arrive home from an extended day at the office. Sitting like the queen she truly is, rubbing her eyes in exhaustion, she breathes forth no warmth but the stillness is intense and the energy tight. Dinner has long passed, and if we can take any hint of the temperature in the room this evening from the extended length of that long sleek white sofa she languishes on, the air is cold and crisp. Watching her pick at her nails and fiddle with her elegant turtleneck sweater and skirt, courtesy of costume designer Anita Yavich (Broadway’s Fool for Love), we wait with her, for the play to begin, and for The Father, perfectly and impatiently played by Chris Noth (Broadway’s The Best Man) to arrive home. That distance, between him and his wife of 25 years will not be easily broached this night, not the first time round, nor the second. Strangely repelling, it’s a game of repetition, for this woman who knows how to poke stealthily at her husband with passive force, and for playwright Florian Zeller’s (The Truth) who has a few ideas of his own in how this woman’s mind is functioning and fracturing before our very eyes.
With a wide bombastic direction, Trip Cullman (Broadway’s Lobby Hero), tackles The Mother with as fearless a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.39702
Retrieved Text: We all know Europeans love Eurovision, a continental music competition where each country sends a pop song representative of its culture. Perhaps some day we'll have a similar dance competition in which each state sends its single most representative person to step off against each other (it's not unimaginable. We did steal Dancing With the Stars from Europe).
In the meantime, we'll have to settle for something of a makeshift viral video dance-off between England's future leader and one of France's national treasures.
In the English corner, in the appropriately tailored button up with the sleeves rolled up, the future king with the swing, Prince William.
In the French corner, wearing the effortlessly chic black ensemble, two-time César Award winner, and recent Academy Award nominee, Isabelle Huppert.
Yes, both the single most English person alive and the single most French person alive have both been caught on camera dancing in videos that have since gone viral.
It's TMZ, of course, that brings us the video of William dancing. The Prince was on a ski trip with buddies in Verbier, Switzerland when he decided to let loose sans Kate (don't worry, TMZ says his dancing remained strictly solo throughout the night).
It's not quite the elegant dance performance his mother Princess Diana memorable gave at the White House opposite John Travolta back in 1985, but as far as "father of two blowing off some steam on a bros' only vacation" genre of dance goes, it's nothing to sneer at. We've seen much, much worse.
Huppert's entry comes via the Instagram of fellow French actor

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.26427
Retrieved Text: Women have been making movies since the beginning; Alice Guy's career as a filmmaker began in 1894 when she was a secretary. While they continue to be a minority among directors, women have undeniably shaped the art form throughout it's history, with early trailblazers like Guy, Ida Lupino, and Shirley Clarke paving the way for subsequent generations. Although we hope for a day when we no longer differentiate between "directors" and "female directors", we nonetheless pay tribute to a diverse group of women filmmakers in this week's Spotlight .
Agnès Varda has been an eminent figure in French cinema for more than half a century. With Beaches, she shares her life story and reflects on a long, fascinating career.
What's left to say about Meshes of the Afternoon, Maya Deren’s endlessly influential avant-garde masterpiece? Quite a lot, actually- it continues to amaze.
With her second feature film, Maren Ade established herself as a key voice in German cinema’s “Third Wave,” alongside contemporaries like Tom Tykwer and Christian Petzold.
Since releasing Chocolat in 1988, Claire Denis has produced a steady string of thoughtful and intelligent films. 35 Shots of Rum – a father/daughter drama – is one of her strongest.
A Jane-of-all-trades with a background in installation and performance art, Lynn Hershman Leeson pays homage to feminist artists – some widely known, some not – with this documentary.
Penny Lane uses archival footage to weave this epic, mind-blowing account of NASA’s Voyager 1 and Voyager 2, the golden records they carry, and what these spacecraft mean to her.
Home, Ursula Meier’s wonderful first narrative

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.067139
Retrieved Text: Enjoy two more tales from the second season of Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir! It's Marinette's birthday, and her grandmother pays her a surprise visit. But when she can't relate to her grown niece after being away for so long, Hawk Moth finds his prey. He turns Marinette's grandmother into Befana, a motorcycle riding villain with a candy-gun. Then, when Max's pet robot (and best friend) is confiscated at school, Hawk Moth turns his little friend into Robostus, a powerful machine with the ability to make inanimate objects come to life! How will Ladybug and Cat Noir deal with Hawk Moth's latest villains?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.047916
Retrieved Text: As much as I admire much of the world of French filmmaker Anne Fontaine, I am not sure I'd have believed you had you told me her latest offering would be a kind of feel-good, screwball comedy about class barriers that, in addition, would turn Isabelle Huppert into an actress seemingly born to make us laugh. No, I wouldn't have believed you. But please believe me: It's all true.
Though a number of Ms Fontaine's films (The Girl from Monaco, Coco Before Chanel) involve excursions into class differences (the director is shown at right), one of her earliest -- Dry Cleaning -- took on the attempted melding of the bourgeoisie with lower-class "artists" that proved sensual, scary and memorable. In her latest, she does it again, this time melding an haut bourgeois couple with an even lower-class jack-of-all-trades (this would be a career-defining performance by Belgian actor Benoît Poelvoorde, below, except that just about every performance this guy gives would qualify as such) and the result is as funny and frolicsome as Dry Cleaning was dark and dirty.
MY WORST NIGHTMARE is often silly and obvious but it is almost always remarkably entertaining, thanks to the smart screenplay and dialog (by Ms Fontaine and Nicolas Mercier) that keeps the initially somewhat unbelievable situation just off-kilter enough to work. Couple this to performances that do exactly the same thing (they keep surprising us and stringing us along) and you have a not-too-slick but pleasantly fast-paced almost-farce.
Along with Poelvoorde and Ms Huppert -- (above) who does her ice queen thing

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.668089
Retrieved Text: BERLIN — French star Isabelle Huppert was on hand in Berlin at the presser of “Things To Come” (“L’Avenir”) along with helmer Mia Hansen-love and co-star Roman Kolinka, who was just named one of Variety’s 10 European Stars To Watch.
Thesp Edith Scob and producer Charles Gillibert completed the panel.
In “Things To Come,” Huppert plays a philosophy professor who is confronted with a series of misfortunes prompting her to throw herself into a new chapter of her life.
For many who haven’t yet seen “Things To Come,” the movie seems to mark a departure for Hansen-Love whose previous pics dealt with young folks such as her previous feature “Eden.” But Hansen-Love pointed out “Things To Come” was as much – if not more — personal than the movies she’s made before. “What most people don’t know is that both of my parents are philosophy professors, so I was brought up in this intellectual environment which I show in this film,” said Hansen-Love.
The director said she wrote the script with Huppert in mind. “Thinking of Isabelle throughout the writing process inspired me and stimulated me tremendously; it helped me give the script an uplifting spirit, even though the subject matter of the film is rather serious,” said Hansen-Love.
“Things To Come” will be released on April 6 in France.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.386889
Retrieved Text: Doctor Augustus P. Crumhorn the fourth is a brilliant billionaire industrialist and the "Daddy" of Princess (Dawn Crumhorn). He is an occasional antagonist of Danger Mouse who's secretly biding his time to, through his companies, rule the world. He is voiced by John Oliver.
Crumhorn is a thin doberman, with the typical black and brown color scheme. He clothes consist of a blue shirt, red belt, black pants, and a pair spectacles.
Crumhorn IV, is an manipulative, cunning, corrupt business man out to claim the world as his own. While initially coming of as calm, nice, and collected, anyone who's met him would say otherwise. He has no qualms with enslaving the entirety of humanity, destroying hospitals for no reasons, and even murdering his allies if it means success.
Though it does appear he has a soft spot for Dawn Crumhorn (The Princess), as he spoils her with whatever she could want and he does seem genuinely fatherly towards her. Even after she inadvertently ruined his scheme in Mousefall, he still wished her the best as she was his daughter. Still though this doesn't mean he won't get upset with her if she throws a fit or becomes to much of a hassle.
While he is an egoist, he's fairly secretive about his agenda. Unlike someone like Greenback, who's fairly open about being evil, Crumhorn prefers to work from the shadows, hence why he didn't appear until the Season finale. He even got upset with Ian and called him an idiot when he put the Crumhorn label on literally everything

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.25216
Retrieved Text: WARNING: Plot and/or ending details may follow!!!
With Laura (1944) and Where the Sidewalk Ends (1950), director Otto Preminger and actor Dana Andrews collaborated to produce two of the great American film noirs. Fallen Angel (1945) also features this winning combination, but unfortunately lacks something more crucial: conviction. Eric Stanton (Andrews) is the perfect noir anti-hero, an unabashed shyster with a knack for opportunism. After stranding himself in a small American town with a dollar in his pocket, Stanton falls for Stella (Linda Darnell), a vivacious young waitress who'll "befriend" any man who can offer her financial security. Stanton claims that he wants to marry Stella, but he's obviously driven by lust, and his hunger leads him to seek money through dubious means – in this case, by wooing and marrying the spinsterish June (Alice Faye). Where Preminger fumbles is in his unwillingness to punish Stanton. Instead, the irresponsibly- flirtatious Stella is murdered, and our hero's innocence – never really doubted by the audience – distracts from the character's own moral crimes.
The film, at least, is thick with atmosphere. The small-town setting creates a distinct sense of claustrophobia, as though one can't run far enough to escape the watchful eyes of the local residents. Dana Andrews, as always, is excellent in the lead role. Linda Darnell exudes a trashy but undeniably voluptuous sensuality; she's a more openly sexual character than Gene Tierney's Laura, and perhaps more along the lines of Tierney in The Shanghai Gesture (1941) or Jean Peters in Pickup on South Street (1953). The characters

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.974722
Retrieved Text: Small scene for practice. Not for any story.
Anyone can mourn a hero, but only a hero can mourn a villain.
She stood at the point of the cliff, so close to the edge that her bare toes curled over the stone edge while she looked down at the ancient forest below. The trees looked impossibly small from this height, and though she knew better, Ivet imagined she could see the broken branches and falling leaves left behind in the wake of his fall. Just that thought, that small, common word sent a pang through her chest and she retreated from the edge of the cliff with a sharp gasp, turning away to catch her balance against the trunk of the nearest tree.
Ivet’s heart sank to her stomach and twisted in pain as the realization came down upon her mind in an avalanche of grief. There was no him anymore. In one terrible moment–a breath–a blink, he was gone. His life ended as casually a one might extinguish a candle.
A terrible sound wrenched its way from her chest, tearing and jagged and loud as her knees buckled and she struggled for a full breath.
He always feared he would be remembered as a villain, and as Ivet tore at the collar of her tunic in desperate need of the locket resting against her chest, she knew his greatest fear would come true. He would be the villain, his death celebrated with relief throughout the empire while she would be celebrated as a hero all because she could not reason

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.966831
Retrieved Text: The Itty Bitty Kitty Committee: It's Sheldon Showtime!
Grab a seat, friends It's showtime! Our favorite boy was being awfully photogenic this afternoon and I took enough pictures to string together and make a little movie.
So please sit back and enjoy!
If you're having any trouble viewing it, just go straight to Flickr and watch it there.
Sheldon, thank you for being so dang handsome!
Those eyes! He's the Paul Newman of kittydom!
This litter of itty bitty fuzz balls could not be any cuter. I'm love them!
Sheldon, u are a pretty little guy:-) Wondering if anyone told your mama, that your video of you getting pawed in the head by Miss Phoebe made the Lolcat cheezburger email I get everyday (with proper credit to your wonderful foster home). Made me smile all over again Sir Sheldon!!!
Laurie, you're spoiling us with so much quality Sheldon content...yay!
Such a handsome kitten. Oh my goodness he's so adorable!
What a heartbreaker he is! My heavens, those eyes.
Lil Pearla doesn't have a Fur Mom to wash her face, poor thing. Laurie, you're a wonderful stand-in, as usual.
Sheldon is "workin' it" isn't he?
Man oh man! Miss Charlene is gonna love him!!! The blue-eyes gotta stick together for a few photos at least!
I so need to kiss that kitty head right now!
Sheldon, you are the new star of film noir! Do I sense comparisons to Cary Grant? Clark Gable? You slay me with your gentlemanly ways.
If only I could take him home, so cute!!!
Such a gorgeous boy - squeee! I want to snuggle him so much!
Ah, Sheldon, you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.593687
Retrieved Text: As part of it's 32nd Season, Tanghalang Pilipino comes up with the staging of Coriolano,one of Shakespeare's play that is considered his second longest work after Hamlet.It is a translation done by playwright Guelan Varela-Luarca and is adapted from Shakespeare's Coriolanus.
The play is a take on a complex hero that is Coriolano and tackles about the division between the Patricians and the Democrats of the Society.Coriolano is a scheming character in the play and theater viewers will be in for a treat as this is the first time that this Shakespearean masterpiece will have it's staging in the Philippines as no other Theater Company has ever done it before. Is he a hero or is he the villain in the story? I guess we all have to watch the play to find out.
Directed by Carlos Siguion Reyna and topbilled by Tanghalang Pilipino's very own Marco Viaña, this is definitely one worth seeing.Viaña is joined by Brian Sy (Aufidio), Ms. Sherry Lara and Frances Makil-Ignancio (alternatiing as Volumnia) Jonathan Tadioan (Menenio) JV Ibesate (Sicinio), Doray Dayao (Bruto) and the Tanghalang Pilipino Theater's Company.
The artistic Team is headed by Ohn David (Set), Bonsai Cielo (Costumes) TJ Ramos (Sounds) Dennis Marasigan (lights) and Brian Sy and Remus Villanueva (choreography). The play will be staged at the CCP's Little Theater from February 22- March 17 2019.Tickets can be purchased at Ticket World or you may call Tanghalang Pilipino at (02)832-1125 local 1621.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.591288
Retrieved Text: Enter those bloody alleys blocked off with yellow tape and chalk outlines. Secret backrooms riddled with sly crooks and blunt smoke. Slink into the underworld, the seedy shadowland owned by Jeremiah Jae and L’Orange on their noir-hop opus, "The Night Took Us In Like Family."
Consider it the alchemy of Madvillain and "The Maltese Falcon": a five-part fable of tangled crimes, narrow escapes, and raining lead. The door busts open with “A Conspicuous Man.” L’Orange’s carefully severed cinematic clips hold the frame steady. The Windy City-raised Jae muscles the narrative forward—the hitman creeping.
Beats bend sinister with imagery aiming for the temples. Jae invokes dark clouds, crowns of thorns and LSD eyes. Bars written in dirt. Samples are disembodied and ethereal. It’s like a grand jury indictment doubling as a Greek chorus. A song title like “Ice Obsidian” says it all. This is frozen lava, black and white celluloid, the spoils won by sinners. Watch your back rap.
Or maybe it’s the hip-hop version of the gangster flicks made before the Hays Code—raw and uncensored, deeply artful without pretension. Pitchfork once described Jae as: “a lot of people talk loud and say nothing; Jeremiah Jae finds strength in the inverse." On "The Night Took Us In Like Family," he inhabits both eulogizer and executioner. He triumphantly looms over the corpses and explains how this all came to be. L’Orange supplies concrete requiems of dusted soul: beats to crack safes, soundtracks to stealth assassinations.
If gangsta rap remains one of the genre’s most well worn tropes, Jae and L’Orange take inspiration

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.264006
Retrieved Text: The Cheaper the Crook: The Crime Films of Elisha Cook Jr.
The Crime Films of Elisha Cook Jr.
"... noir's most valuable supporting player."
"I played rats, pimps, informers, hopheads and communists... I didn't have the privilege of reading scripts. Guys called me up and said, 'You're going to work tomorrow.' "
From his first memorable appearance in The Maltese Falcon as Wilmer, the hapless diminutive gunsel in the over-sized overcoat who Bogey constantly thwarts, Elisha Cook, Jr. went on to star in a long line of distinguished hard-boiled, noir and detective films, even eventually, reprising the role of Wilmer in The Black Bird in 1975.
He had over 200 film and television credits, but he usually played a loser of some sort, and at five-foot-two, with those big, buggy eyes and voice that sounded like he'd spent his entire childhood getting punched in the throat, life did not usually treat the characters he played kindly.
You saw Elisha in a film, you knew he probably wouldn't be the one walking into the sunset with the girl as the closing credits roll... in fact there was always a pretty good chance the "funny little guy" wouldn't be walking at all, having been achieved permanent room temperature a reel or two earlier.
A thin nasty slice of German Expressionism, American-style, this 63-minute film is considered by many to be the "first true film noir." Cook plays a sap falsely accused of murder, in a small but key role. But the one to watch is Cook's fellow noir icon, Peter Lorre, as a creepy murder

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.194809
Retrieved Text: 'RHOC' star knew her life would be on display when she signed up with 'RHOC,' but wasn't prepared for a few things!
Kelly Dodd made a stunning confession about joining "The Real Housewives of Orange County" on Tuesday. She shared her thoughts with fans about how she felt following Monday night's episode in which she upset several of the other cast members with her behavior.
Dodd wrote in her blog on Bravo that after aggravating Vicki Gunvalson, infuriating Tamra Judge, and alienating Heather Dubrow, she felt ostracized. The "RHOC" star apologized for offending anyone with her joke about Jewish people, but was truly bemused by the sensitivity of the women.
Kelly expressed her shock over Tamra coming at her the way that she did -- not only for the "bold face lie" she said about having Kelly's realtor look into Heather's finances, but over the comment made about her daughter. Kelly told Shannon that it's no wonder Tamra's daughter doesn't talk to her. After Shannon took this information straight to Tamra, Tamra went scorched earth on Kelly. What happened next was a tense exchange that cameras didn't catch, but viewers could hear the commotion.
Did Tamra hit Kelly? Kelly claims she did, and was in a lot of pain after the incident. Dodd also complained of being traumatized following their heated exchange.
'Real Housewives' franchise is all the things she wasn't prepared for?
What's surprising to read about Kelly Dodd's thoughts after the show, is the stunning confession she made about signing on as a Housewife. She knew her life and the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.1644
Retrieved Text: > Thrillers > Did The Victim Turn?
Anna's life had been so good when growing up. Her parents were brilliant & supportive. Her siblings fun. Maybe her stable upbringing hadn't prepared Anna for the challenges which would present themselves to her when she became a young woman. She had settled into a steady relationship before she had turned 17 then married by 21. The Children arrived with no effort when she chose. She had a vibrant and successful career. What is it that keeps causing conflict which eventually leads to events that will change her 'apparently' wonderful life forever. They say 'it's all in the eyes'. It's the eyes that speak if you look close enough as they can't lie. If only there had been a window to look through!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.096342
Retrieved Text: Margot Robbie wants to "keep playing" Harley Quinn.
The 27-year-old actress was first cast in the role of the DC Comics villain during 2016's 'Suicide Squad', and has said she isn't ready to let go of the "insane character" just yet, as she's one of the most interesting roles the beauty has been given.
"And Harley is one of those, you know, insane characters and people do seem to really like her so I hope that I get to keep playing her."
Margot is set to reprise her role in 'Suicide Squad 2', which is due for release in 2019, and has claimed that splitting her time between a small indie project she's working on and the big Hollywood blockbuster has shown her how "crazy" her role in the DCEU really is.
She added: "Right now I'm working on an indie film that we're producing as well. It's a $6 million film and I love it so much, but the idea that I get to do that and then walk onto a $100 million film set with pyrotechnics and all that crazy stuff, and have my baseball bat and just do a totally different thing is just [crazy]."
The blonde beauty also admitted she was drawn to the super villain flick because of director David Ayer, as she was obsessed with his 2012 movie 'End of Watch'.
Speaking to Jake Gyllenhaal - who starred as Brian Taylor in the crime movie - for Variety's 'Actors on Actors' series, Margot said: "It just occurred to me, we've both worked with David Ayer. 'End

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.06636
Retrieved Text: The first season of Marvel's Jessica Jones on Netflix finally offered us a different breed of Marvel superhero. Moody, ugly and battle-scarred – Krysten Ritter's Jessica Jones took the Marvel brand to a new level, with a character that was more like DC's Batman and less like the shiny and wholesome (and unnecessarily well-endowed) Marvel characters of the past.
Miss Jones was magnetic as the self-medicating, self-destructive, PTSD-riddled vigilante in season one. But she was also joined by David Tennant, whose pitch-perfect, spoilt-only-child-grown-bad act made for a magnificent monster as Kilgrave. Without Tennant, season two is loose and flabby, and heavily reliant of Jone's regular temper tantrums in lieu of a compelling storyline.
In the first five episodes of season two made available by Netflix for review, Jones finds herself without an enemy to vanquish. After plenty of moping about, (she's even more sarcastic and rude this season than last), we get given two villains: a murderous super-villain, half-fish-half-man mutant creature that lurks in dark corners, and the medical group IGH which gave Jessica her superpowers and saved her life after a childhood car crash.
It's difficult to understand Jessica's fury this series. Sure, she wants to investigate why and how she was bought back from the dead and imbued with superpowers. But why exactly does it all make her so angry? How exactly does she know that the IGH doctors performed Joseph Mengele style experiments on her, when she can't remember much more than corridor flashbacks and some needles going into her legs? No doubt these doctors will

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.991234
Retrieved Text: I'm really digging the Jessica Jones series on Netflix. I'm enjoying it just as much as I did Daredevil.
It might be the first new series that's not an ORIGIN story. Jessica tried the superhero game briefly, but then set it aside after a traumatic experience and became a private investigator. And the story starts AFTER all that happens. Pretty cool.
I don't want to spoil too much, but it's definitely worth a watch. Really good acting, and a nice film noir story. The villain is one of the scarier/better baddies Marvel has done.
I've been waiting for reviews before jumping into this one but it has caught my ear if not my eye… So you recommend then! Maybe I'll take a gander!
It was very good, but suffered from too many episodes or too few antagonists. Kilgrave is certainly one of marvels best villains put to screen but the story with him is dragged out too much.
It might be the first new series that's not an ORIGIN story.
I occasionally have a drink at that bar (the one where Luke works). It's not too far from where I live.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.974104
Retrieved Text: Even Caitlyn Jenner has jumped on the viral craze.
Everyone except for one couple in the church said they would leave if he stayed on as pastor.
This church's anti-LGBTQ sign has locals taking action.
But everything is still fine because of "the Greatest Potus we have had since Reagan."
Caitlyn Jenner donated $85k to trans charities. Is it enough to make up for supporting Trump?
Caitlyn Jenner is seeking redemption, but will speaking against Trump and donating some of her fortune to charity win her the support she craves?
Caitlyn Jenner admits she was wrong about Trump. People still aren’t satisfied.
Jenner was the victim of duplicitous politicians who exploited her cluelessness, but in some activists' eyes, she's still the villain.
The seller isn't going to pull the costume: "It's a costume. It's funny."
It's time to stop hating on Caitlyn Jenner.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.895079
Retrieved Text: Melissa McCarthy’s profile is on an upward curve after ‘Bridesmaids’, and the dilemma for this amply proportioned comedian is whether to hold out for material that capitalises on her bolshy personality and quickfire wit, or sign on now for starring roles that essentially make fun of the fat lady.
Here, she has unfortunately chosen the latter. She plays a scheming sociopath who runs a lucrative fake credit card scam by posing as an online security company. The latest schmuck dumb enough to give her his details is corporate bookkeeper Sandy Patterson (Jason Bateman), whose life hits a downward spiral as a result, causing him to travel across country and bring his tormentor to justice. So, after grinding through a few topical story gears, ‘Identity Thief’ settles into a formula odd-couple road movie. It saddles Bateman with a thankless uptight straight-man role while heaping serial slapstick ignominies on his co-star, who gamely bounds through everything the script throws at her.
A single laugh just before the end counts as a poor return for any so-called comedy. But even worse is the sheer cynicism involved in assuming it’s okay to portray full-figured McCarthy’s character as a physically ridiculous, unloved and unlovable monster, providing she’s given a couple of moments that show her in a sympathetic light. Ugly and seriously unfunny.
Identity Thief is a good film for when you'd like to have a good time watching a lighthearted film that will make you laugh, but don't expect much more from it. The plot is quite predictable, but the two comedic actors,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.676737
Retrieved Text: Kara teams up with J'onn on his latest assignment, the director of Alien Affairs has gone missing. Alex and the DEO hunts for the villain Menagerie. Lena gets an inevitable offer for her research. Brainy tries to get Nia to train to be Dreamer.
On the whole the episode was entertaining enough. But I'm still waiting for the Children of Liberty stuff to just end and we get to the Russian clone of Supergirl already. I roll my eyes hard at the allegories to current social climate with the "human rights" crowd of the show; it's already a stretch to compare the two, but Supergirl doesn't have the nuance and writing that The Gifted does with their anti-mutants group. And Lockwood is just not a sympathetic enough villain compared to Jace.
I did enjoy finally seeing Dreamer in her outfit. That was neat! But did we know that she knew how to fight before this? I vaguely recall an episode where she fought as Nia, but I can't think of it right now.
I think all I can care about right now is how Alex will recover her memories and still move on with her life. I want her to have the baby she wants!
i thought there was a line about Haley still trying to find out Supergirl’s identity.
You must be thinking of when Nia saved Brainy at the pizza shop earlier in the season.
It does make me wonder if, in addition to her ability to dream the future, Nia has some yet-to-be-revealed skills/powers (I'm not familiar with the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.547787
Retrieved Text: The Fantastic Four leaps into action when a giant apelike space alien crash lands near the city and wreaks havoc.
The Fantastic Four star in director J.J. Colossal's latest Hollywood production, but the sinister art director sabotages the film set and proves to be a space alien in disguise.
The Fantastic Four travel to Monster Isle to confront The Mole Man, who has caused power plants all over the world to sink into the earth.
The Fantastic Four discover a hidden valley that serves as home to The Inhumans, a group of super-villains lead by the scheming red-haired beauty known as Medusa.
Magneto, the pompous villain able to move metal with his mind, takes over the Fantastic Four; but Reed Richards has a plan up his stretchy sleeve.
The dangerously beautiful queen of a small, faraway country lures The Fantastic Four into coming to her rescue when rebels steal the source of her power.
An alien race called the Centaurians abduct The Thing to the dark side of moon where they force him to compete in a kind of Space Olympics.
Three gangsters befriend a little green alien they dub The Impossible Man for his ability to change into any shape. The naive extraterrestrial helps them rob banks, while The Fantastic Four try to warn him about his false friends.
Sue and Ben travel to the Negative Zone, with the help of a teleporting dog-like creature named Lockjaw, and bring back a giant cocoon that proves to contain Blastaar, a being with the ability to direct bomb blasts anywhere he chooses.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.5256
Retrieved Text: ஒக்ரோபர் | 2012 | அவார்டா கொடுக்கறாங்க?
ரொம்ப நாளைக்கப்புறம் இன்று ஒரு பதிவு – நண்பர் ஈஸ்வர் கோபால் புத்தம் புதிய ஜேம்ஸ் பாண்ட் படம் பற்றி அனுப்பி இருக்கிறார்.
It is a pleasure to watch 007 movies, almost released once in 4 years. Wherever I am, however I am, I always make it a point to watch the first show of the movie as far as possible. This time too, Almighty did not keep blocks in my hopes of seeing one of the wonderful stunning performance of James Bond in a row.
Skyfall released to audience today in all theatres in UAE. It is expected to be release in USA/India during first week of November 2012. It is 23rd spy film in James Bond series, presented by Columbia Pictures and Sony Entertainment. Daniel Craig’s third as James Bond. The Machiavellian crook as villain is Javier Bardem as Raoul Silva. The film is directed by Sam Mendes (Road to Perdition). This film release coincides with 50th anniversary of the series, started with Dr.No in 1962.
As is the normal storyline in all James Bond movies – the first 20 minutes goes like a rocket and gives a stunning chase of the assassin by James Bond in the background of Turkey. The chase at the roof tops, penetrating through the market, diving, jumping, stunt scenes at the top of running train is awesome and worth the money. The fighting sequence in Shanghai in China is well filmed and gives a satisfactory result to the Bond fans.
The title song, by Adele, starting with “This is the end Hold your

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.481958
Retrieved Text: Sadly, Fezile Makhanya’s latest role on the Mzansi Magic telenovela, The Queen, as Tebogo Ncube, came to and end almost as quickly as it began. But, even though the villain is 6-feet underground – his actions have left a lasting impact; on his on-screen wife and her family (The Khoza’s), on the viewers who were captivated by the story line and most importantly, on the man hwo’s acting skills made it all possible.
Makhanya took to his Instagram to share some very honest reflections with his followers about what this role taught him, how his life has changed because of it and what change he wants to see in society moving forward.
“Honestly, as a man, I’m guilty of not taking abuse more seriously. Playing Tebogo has opened up my eyes to its harsh realities. It’s easy for us as actors to go back to our real lives after the director has called cut. For some people, the scene continues. Everyday, a Tebogo beats and possibly kills a Kea. I’ve read so many stories of women who relive their daily nightmares as they watch this abuse storyline unfold. It’s heartbreaking! I may not have the solutions to curb this issue, but all I know is that ENOUGH is ENOUGH! It’s time for us men to stand up and protect our women! The reason why there are so many social ills in society is because real men say and do nothing, while monsters under the cloak of “Ngiyindoda” run riot and cause generational destruction. Fellas, let’s do right by

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.81303
Retrieved Text: With his provocative songs about religion, identity and occupation Jowan Safadi frequently courts controversy. But the musician is also a single parent… An engrossing musical portrait set against the backdrop of everyday Israeli-Palestinian life.
Writer: Fernando Romero Forsthuber. Camera: Martin Putz, Jakob Fuhr, Falko Lachmund, Rabia Salfiti. Sound: Feras Shehadeh. Editing: Wolfgang Auer. Production: Soleil Film. Producer: Jürgen Karasek. Length: 94 min. International Sales: Filmdelights.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.578266
Retrieved Text: 100-Character Breakdown: Stacked with an atypical protagonist, an engrossing plot, and beautifully intricate world building.
In Marie Lu’s vivid The Young Elites, she creates an engrossing, high-stakes plot on the backdrop of wonderfully crafted world building. Sixteen-year-old Adelina Amouteru is a survivor of the blood fever that ripped through Kenettra in her youth. Some survivors were left marked by the illness — a colored mark on skin, a change in hair color. Although these malfettos are persecuted by society, some of them, known as the Young Elites, develop strange powers. Adelina discovers her powers when she attempts to escape her abusive father’s home. She accidentally kills him, leading to her own execution. Thanks to her abilities — she can create vivid illusions — and the help of some Young Elites in the Dagger Society, she escapes death. This is just the beginning of her journey, however, as the Dagger Society teaches her to use her powers and she is caught in the political conflict threatening to tear their nation apart.
Adelina is not the traditional young adult protagonist. In part because of her powers, she finds herself in darkness, feeding on fear. Torn between those trying to use her for her powers, she reacts and develops in unpredictable yet fitting ways. Some of the other characters fit archetypes and have more predictable progression, but Adelina acts as an anchor that prevents those less original aspects from undermining the book’s impact. The darkness behind Adelina makes this novel all the more affecting and substantial. The plot is intriguing and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.686096
Retrieved Text: Musician, novelist, poet, actor: Nick Cave (b. 1957) is a Renaissance man. His wide-ranging artistic output--always uncompromising, hypnotic, and intense--is defined by an extraordinary gift for storytelling. In Nick Cave: Mercy on Me, Reinhard Kleist employs a cast of characters drawn from Cave's music and writing to tell the story of a formidable artist and influencer. Kleist paints an expressive and enthralling portrait of Cave's childhood in Australia; his early years fronting The Birthday Party; the sublime highs of his success with The Bad Seeds; and the crippling lows of his battle with heroin. Capturing everything from Cave's frenzied performances in Berlin to the tender moments he spent with love and muse Anita Lane, Kleist's graphic biography, like Cave's songs, is by turns electrifying, sentimental, morbid, and comic--but always engrossing.
Reinhard Kleist is an award-winning graphic novelist best known for his graphic biographies Johnny Cash: I See a Darkness, The Boxer, and An Olympic Dream. He lives in Berlin.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.922947
Retrieved Text: The True Music finale will take place on September 20 and 21.
Boiler Room x Ballantine’s True Music will soon touch down in Warsaw for True Music Poland, the third leg of the latest multi-city tour and the 18th show of their partnership.
The Boiler Room x Ballantine’s collaboration is a global platform that supports and celebrates uncompromising artists committed to doing it "their way."
This finale will feature the second True Music Forum, the coming together of some of the music industry’s leading figures to discuss the evolution of music, culture, and nightlife in 2017. The event will comprise four live-streamed panel discussions, plus an intimate "In Conversation With" interview with Seth Troxler. The project then culminates with a 1,000 capacity True Music show and lineup featuring global and local DJs, including Brodka, Catz’n’Dogz, B. Traits, and Craig Richards, all broadcast live on the True Music site.
With Seth Troxler spearheading the campaign, the Boiler Room x Ballantine’s True Music Forum aims to inspire and engage the next generation of True Music artists through live-streamed panels featuring an impressive lineup of artists and industry innovators from record labels, broadcasters, and more.
Troxler will participate in an insightful, intimate Q&A session during which he will discuss his career, outlook on music, politics and the state of the industry as a whole.
In addition to this, Seth Troxler has selected some of his favorite local producers who he feels share his True Music ethos and passion for making exciting music, to work with him on original collaborations. The culmination of these collaborations will

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.71979
Retrieved Text: The musical anthropologist Alan Lomax would have adored This Ain't No Mouse Music!, an engrossing documentary about Chris Strachwitz, founder of Arhoolie Records.
A loving documentary about America's nearly lost music.
An infectiously enjoyable portrait of a man who has devoted his life to doing what he loves.
Chris Strachwitz is arguably second only to the Lomaxes when it comes to informing us about our own musical heritage.
One of the best musical documentaries since Twenty Feet from Stardom.
Captures the wild tale of Strachwitz's devotion to our musical underworld.
A fascinating road trip through the dusty back roads and anonymous beer joints of the music of your neighbors.
A riveting film experience that's almost impossible to describe.
A fascinating story of Arhoolie records founder Chris Strachwitz.
One of the best music documentaries around. This film puts the heart and soul back into music and opens your mind to incredible artists you may never heard of.
This loving portrait of one of music's great diggers, great finders, great protectors and champions, would be worth it for the music it serves up alone.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.15068
Retrieved Text: Musician, novelist, poet, actor: Nick Cave is a Renaissance man. His wide-ranging artistic output, always uncompromising, hypnotic and intense, is defined by an extraordinary gift for storytelling.
Employing a cast of characters drawn from Cave's music and writing, Reinhard Kleist's graphic novel, Nick Cave: Mercy On Me, paints an expressive and enthralling portrait of a formidable artist and influencer. Kleist captures Cave's childhood in Australia; his early years fronting The Birthday Party; the sublime highs of his success with The Bad Seeds; and the struggles he encountered along the way to self-expression. Nick Cave: Mercy on Me, like Cave's songs, is by turns electrifying, sentimental, morbid and comic, but always engrossing.
"Reinhard Kleist, master graphic novelist and myth-maker has – yet again – blown apart the conventions of the graphic novel by concocting a terrifying conflation of Cave songs, biographical half-truths and complete fabulations and creating a complex, chilling and completely bizarre journey into Cave World. Closer to the truth than any biography, that's for sure! But for the record, I never killed Elisa Day."
"Among many highlights are a full-page portrait of the teenage Nick sullenly determined to escape bourgeois conformity, and a superb evocation of the shock-haired exile typing his gothic novel in a Berlin garret just big enough to accommodate his wasted body, piles of papers, some booze and a gun. Kleist does equal justice to the older Cave – thin-haired, wrinkle-browed and strangely dignified."

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.8222
Retrieved Text: Photo Favors, Photo Booth, Green Screen Photography, Arcade Game Rentals, Plasma Screens with Zaps, Airbrush Artist, Caricaturist, Casinos & More!
Professional Quality Photo Favors including both Green Screen Superimposed as well as Portrait Style Backdrop with Fancy Photo Frames, Step n Repeat Custom Backdrop with Red Carpet, Interactive Selfie Photo Favors Station with Touch Screen Photo Kiosk and traditional Coney Island Style Photo Booth along with Plasma & Projection Screens displaying both Photo Montage & Video/Slide Show Presentation and our always popular Interactive Digital Zap Shot & Zap Photo Photography can all be entertained and personalized for your special event and celebration. Our professional photographers utilize both Canon & Nikon based full frame and crop SLR cameras along with available flash based umbrella studio lighting for portrait and all photo favors and photographic attractions.
We provide event photo favors services, as guests are photographed on Green Screen and superimposed into a wide assortment of digital backgrounds including magazine covers, scenic locations, nature shots, movie posters, travel destinations, and more. Once the picture is processed and printed, it can be applied into one of dozens of available photo favors items. All choices below can be personalized together or assorted as individually selected packages.
Classic Portrait Studio featuring our very own high quality canvas grade backdrop, umbrella based flash strobe lighting, and fun interactive portrait and creative photos printed onto our always popular and engaging selection of fun and Fancy Photo Frames are our most popular side attraction! Professional quality photos are printed via high speed Epson Photographic Ink Jet Based

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.04517
Retrieved Text: Who can forget those images Norman Rockwell created for Coca-Cola of the modern day Santa Claus? Rockwell’s work for Coke not only helped to brand Coke as the ‘Christmas drink’, the very idea of how Santa Claus should look, was informed by Rockwell’s’ paintings. Whether it be the use of an existing image on a luxury brand, or a custom created painting which is then used in advertising and branding of a product, there are many benefits to using original art to enhance your brand. Over the years I have licensed images of my original paintings to a variety of Corporate Brands and Businesses looking to create something memorable for their clients, unique products and services. Here are my thoughts about the benefits of art licensing for Corporate businesses.
Do You Have a Brand or Product That Could Benefit From Original Artwork? Not Sure?
Drop us an email with your idea, product, brand and we would be happy to discuss creative ways to bring attention to your business through the use of beautiful and engaging imagery.
Your Brand will benefit form working directly with a professional artist.
You Business will build a reliable and ethical relationship working with a professional artist.
Your Brand will benefit from the protection of the artist’s copyrights.
You will benefit by working with a professional artist who follows professional standards and values your Corporate Image.
Just like any business there are different levels of artists, as a professional artist that has been working in the Arts for over a decade, I can assure my clients that I will

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.967752
Retrieved Text: This April 1st, brace yourself for the onslaught of pranks by reading up on some famous scammers and con artists! Whether you're a true crime aficionado or just looking to make sure you don't get scammed yourself, there are plenty of great books to check out. Don't worry, you can trust us...we're librarians.
The full inside story of the breathtaking rise and shocking collapse of Theranos--the Enron of Silicon Valley--by the prize-winning journalist who first broke the story and pursued it to the end in the face of pressure and threats from the CEO and her lawyers. In 2014, Theranos founder and CEO Elizabeth Holmes was widely seen as the female Steve Jobs: a brilliant Stanford dropout whose startup "unicorn" promised to revolutionize the medical industry with a machine that would make blood tests significantly faster and easier. Backed by investors such as Larry Ellison and Tim Draper, Theranos sold shares in an early fundraising round that valued the company at $9 billion, putting Holmes's worth at an estimated $4.7 billion. There was just one problem: the technology didn't work. Here is the riveting story of the biggest corporate fraud since Enron, a disturbing cautionary tale set amid the bold promises and gold-rush frenzy of Silicon Valley.
The best-selling author of Mastermind explores the psyches, motives and methods of con artists to reveal why they are consistently successful, identifying common hallmarks of cons to share additional insights into the relationship between artists and victims.
A portrait of charismatic vaudeville performer and 1920s con artist Edgar LaPlante describes how he

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.906523
Retrieved Text: REALLOUD is an environment that supports the music industry, networks and facilitates artists and establishments. We offer a quality service with different pricing structures to suit your budget.
REALLOUD is first and foremost an initiative of good-will. We are about maintaining our uncompromising core values of focusing on providing the resources and services needed so our artists can focus on their music. We reinvest everything into developing new talent for the love of the music.
REALLOUD is a record lable that invests in music and talented artists that create it. We believe in creating a collaborative and innovative environment where our artist can thrive and reach their maximum potential.
Our vision is defined by the word one. We are one team, with one vision, and one goal. We work together as one collective unit, producing all styles of great music. Releasing premium digital tracks which are made easily available for purchase from our sites or Beatport and other online stores.
We pride ourselves as being a youthful and forward thinking management company that embraces innovation, takes advantage of cutting-edge internet strategies and network our international affiliates, while still understanding the invaluable knowledge we can gain from industry veterans.
We remain focused on our role as administrators, facilitators, and a support network for our artists. We take pride in being the main source of management, booking and production of music.
REALLOUD MANAGEMENT does artist bookings where we supply you with the perfect artist for your event. From club DJ’s, to mobile Deejay’s, work functions, birthday parties, 21st, matric farewell’s, weddings, year-end functions. Along

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.182877
Retrieved Text: When innovative industry disruptors enter a market and take on the monopolies we generally assume that it’s going to result in an overall improvement of services. Often times this is the case, but in some cases they can also have some unintended consequences.
Global music streaming services were once touted as an equitable way for independent recording artists to engage directly with an almost unlimited, global audience. Unfortunately, they have not created an even playing field for musicians.
While they may be workable for popular artists, who have highly financial labels behind them; for local, original, unsigned artists, they can be a trap, as they allow people access to music without needing to invest in it in any way.
The Pack Australia sees this situation as the ultimate ‘industry killer’. The way we see it, if this continues unchallenged, unsigned Australian musos won’t be able to afford to make new music at all, and we’ll be stuck with ‘cookie-cutter’ albums coming out of big labels and hit studios from overseas, but nothing new and original from our own great, Australian artists. To us, that’s not an industry – it’s a factory.
How does streaming impact on the Music Industry?
Australia has embraced music streaming services like Spotify, but we feel that this has, perhaps unintentionally, created a massive imbalance in the system.
We want the industry to understand that globalised streaming services provide a platform for music distribution, but do not provide a support network for artists, and that by making music available at low or no cost they have created a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.892017
Retrieved Text: Santa Marina, A Luxury Collection Resort & Villas, Mykonos, is an uber-luxe retreat for explorers and collectors of the world’s island idyll experiences. Set overlooking the exquisite and iconic Ornos Bay, Santa Marina crucially commands the only private beach on Mykonos, making its transparent turquoise waters and white silk sands a genuine sanctuary from the public eye.
Expanded beyond its original footprint, guests will see the introduction of 114 unique accommodations, to include stylish rooms with balconies, offering panoramic views, alongside elegant suites with private pools, as well as individual two- to six-bedroom villas. Evocative of the immediate environs, interiors have been designed using a cool, neutral palette with accents of color, to create luxurious and enriching spaces, against the backdrop of the sparkling Aegean Sea. Features include complimentary Wi-Fi, intuitive modern comforts, and plush en-suite facilities, providing uncompromising luxury for the discerning traveler.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.536058
Retrieved Text: Music copyright is shaping up to be a hot topic this year, despite being both historically overlooked and historically extremely confusing. While the actual workings of royalties and licensing policies are still as convoluted as ever, attention on them — and their dysfunctions — has ramped up thanks to the Music Modernization Act’s passage in the U.S. Congress and a controversial copyright policy overhaul in Europe that could dramatically change user-generated content platforms like YouTube.
The International Confederation of Societies of Authors and Composers (a.k.a. Confédération Internationale des Sociétés d’Auteurs et Compositeurs, a.k.a. CISAC) is the world’s biggest network of author societies, representing a total of 4 million creators and publishers across fields that include music, literature and visual arts. CISAC’s president is best-selling French electronic composer Jean-Michel Jarre, who visited the United Nations in New York this week along with director general Gadi Oron to discuss the future of creator rights with Secretary-General António Guterres. Rolling Stone sat down with Jarre and Oron to talk about the biggest challenges facing artists and other music creators today — which the digitization of music and availability of content have only intensified.
Europe recently approved copyright proposals that could require sites like YouTube to be much stricter with user-uploaded content. Why is this a milestone for artists and songwriters?
Jarre: It was a very important moment for us to meet with the the Secretary-General yesterday after the victory at the European Parliament. We are expecting that will have a domino effect for the rest of the world. Creators are not trying

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.4949
Retrieved Text: Kiid Wolfe is a genre bending musical enigma. Fusing sounds that range from Punk,HipHop,Rock to adding elements of Trap and Alternative Rock Music. The slogan “Remember Kiids Wolfe ️’s u” is a reminder to all that no matter how different they are Wolfé accepts and loves them. While being an artist I’m also a songwriter,producer & guitar enthusiast.
Kiid Wolfe, often stylized as "KiiD WolFe", is a musical enigma born in New York. Although heavily influenced by the iconic Hip Hop artists that preceded him, he borrows elements from many genres of music. Fans also insist that his style defies genre, as it incorporates components of hip hop, rock and alternative music. Like many artists, he is influenced by personal struggle and experiences, but also brings to the table a new take on what it means to be "Hip Hop". As a child that was regularly exposed to Hip-Hop and rap, he appreciates and utilizes the artistry of the genre. On the same coin, he enjoys presenting his audience with an unfamiliar and enticing perspective on a well-established sect of the industry.
Inspired by artists and producers such as Kid Cudi, Pharrell Williams, Pink Floyd, Kanye West & Radiohead, Wolfe uses his passion for music to create unique tracks replete with contagious energy. "I listen to all types of music and usually create original compositions. Occasionally I'll sample something, but for the most part it's all original ideas stemming from minimalistic guitar chords."
Wolfe also created a band/collaborative group with producer and artist Keyz Vango and artist Neighborhood Sparkz,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.344952
Retrieved Text: As per their reports, Facebook officials are already in talks with music label companies and artists to purchase rights of their content. Speculations indicate that Facebook will be paying royalties to all the artists and studios which own the right of the music, a model inspired by Youtube’s Content ID system.
The developments becomes especially interesting after Apple launched Apple Music all over the world, which aims to dominate the global music industry, and strives to create an eco-system involving music, hardware and social network embedded into one.
With their localized pricing (Rs 120 per month in India) and a huge, massive library of music via iTunes, Apple Music has created quite a ripple within this industry.
However, the best thing with Facebook is that, they already have the social network which Apple is trying to build, and after Youtube, Facebook is the platform where most number of videos are uploaded and viewed. Hence, creating an on-demand, online music streaming service seems quite a natural expansion plan for Facebook.
After the introduction of Apple Music in India, with stellar offer of free 3 months of usage and pricing of just Rs 120 per month for individual users, the industry has warmed up to possibilities and the future.
Saavn, which is counted as second only to Gaana, in terms of market share in India, raised $100 million in a new round of funding from Tiger Global Management and other VCs. After this new round of funding, they are now valued at $400 million.
However, the report didn’t deny the fact that Facebook is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.254976
Retrieved Text: How do you play a picture?
Composers and artists from John Cage to Brian Eno have experimented with notation to create extraordinary visual scores that rival the best contemporary art. This transatlantic programme spans classical, experimental and jazz, in works featuring graphic art, comic strip and abstract art. Innovative pianist Joanna MacGregor is at the heart of a super group of the UK’s most original musicians who perform music by George Crumb, Cathy Berberian, Fred Frith, John Cage, Wadada Leo Smith, Cornelius Cardew, Tom Phillips RA and Jennifer Walshe against the striking visual backdrop of their projected scores.
WHAT IS A GRAPHIC SCORE?
From the early twentieth century, certain groups of composers began questioning every convention and by the 1950s began liberating themselves from traditional notation through the use of visual symbols to create works of often stunning aesthetic quality. Blurring the boundaries between visual, written and musical languages, graphic scores saw collaboration between composers and visual artists, the influence of which is still felt today.
John Cage famously celebrated this prolific era for graphic scores with his book Notations (co-edited with Alison Knowles), which included works by the likes of Louis Andriessen alongside Yoko Ono and even a decorated lyric sheet by The Beatles. Whilst the initial blast of heat around graphic scores cooled in the 70s, their visual excitement remains highly seductive for many creating music today with artists from Aphex Twin to John Zorn using graphic notation in their work. In 2009 Theresa Sauer's Notations21 explored these new developments in musical notation, just as Cage did, in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.937864
Retrieved Text: Indaba Sync is the content synchronization and licensing group of Indaba Media, an entertainment technology and marketing services company. We combine cutting-edge technology with the best content to create engaging consumer experiences. We also have something no one else has: Indaba Music.
Every day, Indaba Music's roster of over 1.1 million emerging musicians contribute original songs, covers and remixes to our unique catalog of high-quality music.
Don't hear what you need in the catalog? Indaba's crowd of talented artists will create custom music in days, not weeks, quickly providing you with a range of options that fit your specific requirements. Contact us for more info.
All content is pre-cleared and immediately ready for use. Our team of talented A&R professionals will work with you to select options from our catalog. Because we value artists’ work, we split all licensing revenue we receive for original music 50-50 with the member of the Indaba Music community who created it.
Indaba Music co-founder Mantis Evar is a music industry veteran with over 35 years of experience. As the EVP of Artists and Community at Indaba, he oversees the community’s health and is the on-site figurehead to over 800,000 musicians. For over a decade, Mantis worked at Capitol Records and Blue Note Records and is a longstanding member of The Recording Academy. Mantis held a two-year audio engineering residency at New York jazz shrine Village Vanguard and currently owns and operates the Indaba Music Studio in NYC. As a bassist, he has performed with music greats Joey DeFrancesco and Stevie Ray Vaughn.
Josh Robertson joined

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.907324
Retrieved Text: In July don’t miss NOS Alive and the chance to see performances by some of the top current bands, in an event that combines music and art.
Further than music, NOS Alive Includes the distinctive feature of a space dedicated to urban art, where new fine artists create works using recycled materials.
Against the backdrop of the Algés Maritime Promenade, very close to Lisbon in front of the River Tagus, the NOS Alive has a prime location for those who want to enjoy all night through, since it is also next to the train station that connects Algés directly to the bar and discos areas of Lisbon and Estoril coast.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.576736
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK, NY -- (MARKET WIRE) -- May 7, 2007 -- Warner Music Group (NYSE: WMG) today announced the creation of a new production division designed to develop and produce original programming for network, cable, DVD, broadband and mobile platforms. The division, named Den of Thieves, will be led by music and television industry veterans Jesse Ignjatovic and Evan Prager, and will be overseen by executives from WMG's U.S. Recorded Music Division including Lyor Cohen, Craig Kallman, Julie Greenwald and Tom Whalley.
Based in Los Angeles, Den of Thieves will work closely with WMG's record labels to create content for distribution around its artists' releases and special projects. In addition, Den of Thieves will explore original programming and opportunities beyond WMG's roster in an effort to broaden the scope of content created by WMG and its labels.
In making the announcement, Lyor Cohen, WMG's Chairman and CEO of U.S. Recorded Music, said, "As we continue our evolution as a music-based content company, it is essential to bring in-house the expertise to create the highest quality music-based original programming. With Jesse and Evan, we've got some of the brightest talent in the business aggressively developing new creative content and creating new revenue streams that will greatly benefit our world-class roster of artists."
"We are thrilled to be working with such an incredibly forward-thinking company as WMG and its labels," said Ignjatovic. "Den of Thieves will think outside of the box to create and develop unique opportunities that will expand the reach and creativity of WMG's recording artists."
Added Prager, "Having worked

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.574928
Retrieved Text: Nick Cave: Mercy on Me, like Cave�s songs, is by turns electrifying, sentimental, morbid and comic � but always engrossing. Reinhard Kleist is an award-winning graphic novelist best known for his graphic biographies Johnny Cash: I See A Darkness , The Boxer , Castro and An Olympic Dream , all published by SelfMadeHero.... SelfMadeHero is delighted to announce the publication of NICK CAVE; MERCY ON ME. Employing a cast of characters drawn from Cave�s music and writing, this graphic biography paints an expressive, enthralling portrait of a formidable artist and influencer.
SelfMadeHero is delighted to announce the publication of NICK CAVE; MERCY ON ME. Employing a cast of characters drawn from Cave�s music and writing, this graphic biography paints an expressive, enthralling portrait of a formidable artist and influencer.
17/08/2017�� Musician, novelist, score composer and occasional actor: Nick Cave is a Renaissance man. His wide-ranging artistic output has always demonstrated an extraordinary gift for storytelling.
Nick Cave: Mercy on Me, like Cave's songs, is by turns electrifying, sentimental, morbid and comic � but always engrossing. Reinhard Kleist is an award-winning graphic novelist best known for his graphic biographies Johnny Cash: I See A Darkness , The Boxer , Castro and An Olympic Dream , all published by SelfMadeHero.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.517624
Retrieved Text: In the Florida music industry, it is not uncommon for artists to borrow from one another. However, in entertainment and music law, there is a fine line between borrowing and copyright infringement.
Wolfe’s heirs are requesting an order deeming Wolfe a co-writer of “Stairway to Heaven,” as well as profits made by the defendants and statutory and punitive damages.
Copyright law lends protection to original works of art by granting the copyright owner the exclusive right to reproduce, publicly display and distribute copies of a particular work of art. Additionally, the copyright owner is the only one with the right to create other works based on the protected work.
In the music and entertainment industry, ideas are what set one artist apart from others and what ultimately lead to success and stardom. As a result, it is imperative to instill safeguards against infringement of one’s ideas by others. Copyright law can be confusing and complicated as it often deals with intangibles that present complex legal issues. Florida entertainment lawyers can help navigate these issues and defend the legal rights of artists. Florida attorneys can not only help entertainers protect their own work, but can help fend off frivolous claims related to copyright infringement.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.350193
Retrieved Text: Typical of medieval Christian society, villagers are prejudiced against Jews and Muslims.
A boar is hunted and killed; references to child abuse; a boy is beaten by other boys; a man is beaten to death; killing in war; an attempted drowning of a baby.
A man is referred to as a drunk.
Parents need to know that there is some violence here, including what would now be considered child abuse, and that medieval Christian society was prejudiced against Jews and Muslims.
A great story for people who like drama and medieval times!
In 19 monologues and two dialogs in verse and prose, the lives of a cast of characters from a medieval village -- nobles and peasants, but all children -- are illuminated. Through them, along with margin notes and periodic background sections, a portrait of life in the Middle Ages is created. Includes Author's Foreword and Bibliography.
The ways of the ALA Committees can be passing strange, but 2007 was one of the years they got it right. Just as the Caldecott Award went to The Invention of Hugo Cabret by Brian Selznick, a work that blended graphic novel and prose to create the most original novel of the year, so the Newbery Award was given to GOOD MASTERS! SWEET LADIES!, a unique and vivid work that blends fiction, nonfiction, and drama to create something entirely new.
Everything works beautifully here. The styles and voices of the characters vary according to their personalities, the author's own voice is warm and direct, and the illustrations and page design make this an attractive and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.268837
Retrieved Text: The “artist relations” role is one that’s usually associated with record labels but it’s one that is becoming more common for streaming services to have as well. That’s largely because those services are trying to help artists not just accumulate streams of their music, something that doesn’t pay any party well, but also sell merchandise, ticket sales and more. That’s the gist of this op-ed at Hypebot, which talks about the efforts Spotify, YouTube and Pandora have put in place to bridge that revenue gap with additional income opportunities. It’s an interesting example, in some ways, of positive feature creep, where a single-usage service expands beyond its original mission statement. Often that turns things into a muddled mess but in this case that hasn’t happened (yet) and is, more importantly, designed to actually add value to audiences and stakeholders.
Also of note is this interview with a Spotify exec where he says exclusives are bad for the music industry and ultimately bad for artists because they encourage people who aren’t subscribers or users of the service getting the exclusive not to sign up but to pirate it, a position I agree with. This is not just an issue in the music industry but also with movie and TV services. Netflix, Hulu and Amazon all have both their original productions and are snapping up exclusives for shows and movies. But if I’m a Netflix subscriber and the show I want to watch is on Hulu, I’m just not going to watch it. Or someone might get a friend’s

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.090761
Retrieved Text: Australian film characteristically relies on government and arts funding and frequently follows similar themes. Play It Safe is unconventional in both its subject matter and production style.
The film is a coming of age story set against the backdrop of the Melbourne independent arts scene. It explores the age-old struggle for artists everywhere: should you take a safe career path or follow your passions?
Play It Safe follows Jamie, a 26-year-old musician, who is out of work and down on his luck. When Jamie’s band breaks up, he’s left with no money, no career and no girlfriend. Now he teaches piano at a souldestroying music school. Will he take a risk and follow his dreams? Or will he surrender to his newfound unhappiness and play it safe?
The film is the debut feature from emerging Melbourne filmmaker Chris Pahlow, who has spent ten years creating music videos and short films. Pahlow, an acclaimed indie director in the tough Australian film industry, was joined by the likes of Clayton Jacobson (Kenny, Animal Kingdom), hip-hop artist Mantra, and Maya Aleksandra (Neighbours, Winners and Losers, Wilfred) to create PLAY IT SAFE. The film has been crowd-sourced from conception to post-production, involving over 100 members of the indie film and music community in Melbourne.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.075151
Retrieved Text: This past Monday we finished running Microscope for the backdrop to our next campaign. With five players (six actually, due to a sit-in player who missed the first two rounds), we filled the table with 3x5 cards. Six is really too many for Microscope as it becomes difficult to come up with enough characters to believably run a scene without it seeming crowded. Five players is on the edge, but do-able, and four seems optimal, especially when learning the game. The phrase “I don’t know what to create” came up often.
Also, I introduced mechanical teleportation to the Shadowrun world, which I may seriously regret later. That’s on me, wanting to wrap a scene up and grasping at straws. It has significant repercussions in the last two periods. We also learned how necessary it is to NOT create events that are open-ended when you are trying to establish something. Saying someone hires shadowrunners to do something is NOT the same as saying hired shadowrunners did something. BIG difference there.
Items added in the last session have [NEW] at the end of the entry.
Period 1: Two corporations vie for control of a third corporation (Dark).
Event: Freeman Health Manufacturing (FHM) decides with some effort that they must acquire Alvarez Integrated Power Equipment (AIPE) and dominate their industry (Light).
Scene: Why did FHM need to acquire AIPE?
Scene: Why would Zenith AstroTech support Riddle Netics?
Scene: Why did Aztechnology send shadowrunners to attack the Zenith AstroTech orbital facility?
Event: Zenith AstroTech granted extraterritoriality status by the Corporate Court, ending the corporate war.
That should provide a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.07436
Retrieved Text: The character of this distinguished-looking gentleman with his steely grey eyes and greying hair has been expertly captured in this strongly painted portrait. Wearing a double-breasted coat with a black velvet collar over a white stock and frilled chemise, the sitter is set against a clouded sky backdrop.
The portrait is set in the original gold frame that is glazed on the reverse to reveal plaited locks of brown hair.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.067068
Retrieved Text: Many music industry executives migrate to Nashville, Tennessee to start their careers, - but R. Wayne Martin, a 35 year veteran of the American music industry, launched his impressive career in his own hometown. Since that time, Martin as been awarded multiple gold and platinum awards as a key player inside the development of iconic careers, working with some of the biggest names in music and entertainment.
While still an undergraduate in the Music Business program at Nashville’s Belmont University and after a stint interning for Warner Bros. on Music Row, Martin was recruited by the monolithic CBS Records as a burgeoning marketing representative for their roster of artists at Columbia Records, Epic Records, and nearly a dozen other corporate partners and imprints. He fostered an eight year relationship inside the label where, rather than climb the corporate ladder, he consistently and unconventionally left one area of discipline to move laterally in order explore another. Similarly, he segued from genre to genre working with the biggest names in pop, rock, country, and more as CBS Records became what is now known as Sony BMG.
He spent the next decade in the executive management of smaller, independent record companies such as the world music and jazz label Shanachie Entertainment and the avant garde Knitting Factory family of labels. Shanachie, in particular, saw tremendous growth during his tenure, and for the first time in its twenty-year history, began to win new industry awards and achieve unprecedented chart numbers.
During this same time period, and following an interview for the Wall Street

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.016169
Retrieved Text: One week from today, we’ve got Heterotopia Remixes Vol. 2 on the docket, our third official release and the second volume in our Heterotopia remix series.
The second volume of Heterotopia Remixes has finally arrived, featuring a global collection of artists remixing songs from our debut compilation. With Air Max ’97, Mike G, Riley Lake, Rushmore and Victoria Kim involved, Vol. 2 is a thrilling run through stripped down club forms, a percussive melange that looks to Baltimore as much as it does Bristol. Angular club music has found its way into unexpected places as of late and this collection of producers are leading the way in the admirable charge to discomfit the dance music realm. This volume also features incredible art work by prodigal East Coast artist Terrell Davis (featured in Dazed, New York Times etc.), continuing the trend of reinterpreting the original release’s cover in new and exciting ways.
Out next Tuesday (March 10) via our Bandcamp, Heterotopia Remixes Vol. 2 features a selection of artists from the original compilation, as well as recent Gobstopper signee Iglew, who turned in an engrossing Astral Plane mix a few weeks ago. Check out the track list below and be sure to check back in this space over the next week for more sneak peaks of the tape.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.984514
Retrieved Text: Welcome to New Level Music. We are the experts in custom cheer production, and our mission is to take your music to a WHOLE NEW LEVEL!
Our team of creative and innovative producers, engineers, and artists translates your story to sound in ways that make your performance bigger, better, and bolder. We do this with the best customer service in the industry. So stand out from the competition and show the crowd that you and your team are on a whole new level. Uncompromising quality, unrivaled creativity, unimaginable possibilities. We are building an amazing new web experience for you right here at newlevelmusic.com. Stay tuned, and thanks for your support!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.93788
Retrieved Text: Tags and topics realted to this article include D-Boyz, Mannie Fresh, Juvenile, B.G., TQ, Jazze Pha, Strings, Kango, Wacko, Skip, Chain, Ms. Tee and Lil Wayne. Hip Hop, Rap and Record Labels.
404 Music, Inc. proudly announces that it has signed a joint venture label deal with D-BOYZ Entertainment to release the first album from former Cash Money recording artists, Stone and Lac. Collectively known as the D-BOYZ, their upcoming album "Life of a D-BOY" is an unprecedented effort that features eleven former Cash Money artists including Mannie Fresh, Juvenile, BG, TQ, Jazze Pha, Strings, Kango, Wacko, Skip, Chain, and Ms. Tee. Rap superstar Lil' Wayne also makes an appearance on the hit single, "It's Your Money," which is currently number six on the charts at www.soundcheckny.com. The album is scheduled for release at the end of April 2008.
As an original member of The Hot Boys, Lac co-wrote some of Cash Money's early hits, including the smash single, "#1 Stunna." Stone's musical resume also boasts collaborations with multi-platinum acts like The Hot Boys, Big Tymers, Juvenile, T.I., and Mac-10. He also co-wrote the hit single, "Still Fly" with Mannie Fresh.
Straight from the gritty melting pot of New Orleans, the D-BOYZ music is full of stories depicting the lifestyle of the street hustler and the dire consequences that often accompany it.
With the formation of their record label, D-BOYZ Entertainment, Stone and Lac are now poised to unleash their raw and uncompromising tales of urban struggle on the world of hip-hop.
In describing the album, Stone says, "Even though all

================



======= Instance Index 10 =========
Input Text: a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make 'cherish' a very good ( but not great ) movie . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.918793
Retrieved Text: Supreme Court Justice John Josephus Grant (Frank Morgan) plans to get away from everything to do with the legal system with a bit of duck hunting at Crown Port. But no sooner has his hunting vacation started that it ends when he finds himself in court for not having the appropriate licence, and he quickly realises that Crown Port is full of corrupt officials all on the make. But he meets good guy Bill Adams (Richard Carlson) a local attorney who is running for mayor with little success. Despite wanting to get away from legal matters John takes Bill under his wing to teach him a few tricks to help in trying to bring an end to the corruption. And when John's secretary Lucy (Jean Rogers) shows up with some papers for him there is love in the air when she meets the accident prone Bill.
67 minutes of fast paced fun, whistling along at a pleasant sprint making you laugh with plenty of simple old fashioned Capra-esque comedy. There isn't to be honest a great deal more to say about "A Stranger in Town" other than if you are a fan of those old fashioned small town comedies where you have the morally upright good guys, the nefarious evil businessman and a quirky character this will certainly make you smile.
So "A Stranger in Town" is some mischievous old fun which uses some recognizable elements which has a touch of the Frank Capra about it. We have a setting of the small town of Crown Port, the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.189287
Retrieved Text: A mischievous Elementary School girl Anna (Charlotte Burk) is having fainting spells lately. In her fever dreams, she sees a house in the middle of a field and a paraplegic boy who lives there. For some reason, whatever she draws in her big sketchbook is directly related to what happens to the boy. Then she finds out that the boy exists in real life. The dreams become nightmares when Anna's anger toward her absent dad (Ben Cross) materializes.
I've been a fan of Brit director Bernard Rose ever since I saw Candyman. I always adored his visual style. This early effort of his is no exception. Stunning visuals and vivid imagination, Paperhouse is way too good to be regarded as a children's movie. It's also way too dark for kids but dang, ain't it maddeningly gorgeous!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.896343
Retrieved Text: We know we are lucky, not the least because our friends our travelers too. This gives us great insight on what to see when visiting different places that they have visited, lived in or live nearby.
1) So far, our best evening was spent with Monica Earl. Nothing one can see in London, is as great as seeing a good friend from home. It was great to hear about the work she is doing and life in London.
We had a quiet evening with a quick stroll around Canary Wharf, we saw the Temple Lounge, in West India Quay. This is a Sheesha Garden, where people meet to smoke exotic scented tobaccos with water pipes and have drinks and socialize. We decided not to eat there but go to a nearby café. We wouldn’t have even understood what a Sheesha Garden was except for Monica’s insider knowledge.
5) Shopping – enough said.
Love the British museum photo – hasn’t lost it’s charm – what was Frank Sinatra singing about?
Pleny of charm and visual style. So many people on a very rainy Saturday.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.653023
Retrieved Text: I don’t know whether Shankar’s 2.0 is a disappointing film or not. Because I belong to that category that wasn’t impressed by the trailer and yet believed that we may get something better when the movie hits the big screen. Sadly that’s not the case here. The trailer in many ways is an exact representation of the movie. And with visionary filmmaker Shankar moving more towards being a template filmmaker, 2.0’s chances of living up to your optimistic expectations are less.
So after the Chitti chapter, Vaseegaran is proceeding with his other robotics experiments. In the meantime, a phenomenon happens in the city where the mobile phones of people are getting sucked into the air by a force. The government and authorities eventually identify the need of Vaseegaran’s Chitti to restore normalcy in the system and the film is basically about how that process happens.
If you have been someone who was following 2.0 closely, you must have heard fan theories about the story and what was disappointing to me was that it was very close to those predictions. Shankar’s visionary aspect does pop up sporadically. The many formations he creates to demonize the character played by Akshay Kumar and some of the quirks he puts in the features of the robot versions have the glimpses of his visionary aspect. But as a director, he is struggling here to place it in a subtle way. It is not your typical Rajinikanth showoff movie and you need to have conviction in what you present. Maybe Shankar himself felt this

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.524601
Retrieved Text: Packed with nautical charm and wet weather friendly features, the women's Bayeur Jacket is becoming a bit of a classic. Hydrafort fabric technology, taped seams and a DWR (Durable Water Repellent) finish make light work of the rain while a striped fabric lining and graphic piping add oodles of style. Wear yours with everything from summer dresses to jeans and wellies.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.511604
Retrieved Text: Very good game.. Great graphics and good story.
Great game with many choices to make and great value from zavvi. a must buy for me!
I really love Heavy Rain, but Beyond isn't as good as it is.
It's a bit worse than Heavy Rain, maybe just the story was a little too far from me, but all in all it's a great movie - but not a great game. Sadly, the outstanding Heavy Rain controls were removed, and we get something new, something easyer and closer. But it makes the gameplay too easy, and a bit dull. You just have to pull the right stick to do anything, there are almost no QT events.
Everyone who likes to play immersive cinematic action games like Heavy Rain was and Beyond: Two Souls obviously is, will cherish the gameplay of this new encounter. The storytelling in Two Souls ist not totally different from what people might know from action thrillers in cinemas but it's the possibility to be part of this movie - kind of - that makes Beyond: Two Souls become an enriching experience. You better only start playing Two Souls if you have enough time left because it's like a good book. When you start, you wanna know how it ends. And of course playtime is decent enough to easily vanquish the experience watching a movie in the cinema.
The game is one of the best i' ve ever played! And of course it's always a pleasure ordering from your website!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.331135
Retrieved Text: Young Einstein suggests Yahoo Serious could be an effective leading man in the right comedic setting -- but this disappointingly uneven outing isn't it.
The life of legendary scientist Albert Einstein is re-imagined as a slapstick farce in this comic fantasy. Changing Einstein's country of origin from Germany to Tasmania, the film shows the scientist's eventful youth as he creates rock & roll and discovers the secret of splitting the beer atom. Director and star Yahoo Serious loads the film with slapstick comedy, absurd sight gags, and even sneaks in a romantic subplot in which Einstein courts Marie Curie. The film was a huge hit in its native Australia but a major box-office disappointment in the United States, where audiences largely ignored the display of nonstop silliness.
The movie runs out of -- excuse me again -- energy in the late going, and the invention of the humor is uneven. But Serious plays the title role with charm and lightness. His wild red hair makes Don King's look like a crewcut.
Considering the pre-opening buildup this film has had, it could turn out to be a bigger bomb than the one Einstein's theory anticipated.
The next Serious movie could well be something special.
It has the charm and advantage of a genuine visual style of its own, both laconic and witty, as well as a likably dopey plot and cast of characters.
Einstein has a handsome period look, even when director of photography Jeff Darling is shooting the musical montages that periodically break up the action.
Serious, a long-haired gangly clown, exhibits a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.000555
Retrieved Text: As I was getting my airplane seat kicked by a little girl who insisted on singing a made-up song mixture of “Kumbaya” and “Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy,” I had plenty of time to reflect on my recent viewing of Oz the Great and Powerful.
With multiple big-name actors, great word-of-mouth reviews, and an exciting trailer, I was expecting quite a show.
As a modern prequel to The Wizard of Oz, the movie had some great expectations to meet. However, according to IMDB, the film is based on the book series “Oz” by L. Frank Baum, not the 1939 musical. With such well-known names as James Franco, Mila Kunis, Michelle Williams, and Rachel Weisz, I was expecting some top-notch acting. Unfortunately, my expectations were too great. I found the acting cheesy and stereotypical. Although, part of me thinks that the dialogue and cheesy lines matched the typecast, standard characters; Glinda, the good witch has always been a little cheesy. Perhaps the sticky-sweet dialogue is part of its charm. Perhaps I was just tired and grumpy when I went to the movies and was therefore overly critical.
The acting had a few redeeming qualities. Patching up the legs of China Girl was Franco’s best scene. And, Mila Kunis played a much more believable witch than a “good witch.” In fact, I rather enjoyed her screaming, her witch laugh, and her scary, witch antics. And Zach Braff and newcomer Joey King’s voices for characters Flying Monkey Finley and China Girl were part of the most interesting and enjoyable parts of the film.
While

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.983927
Retrieved Text: Pixar Animation Studios has earned the reputation as a trailblazer in cutting-edge digital animation cinema. They have pushed the envelope too far in this simplistic robotic love story.
The most anticipated and hyped summer movie turns out to be a dud with a thin and shaky premise. This is not your typical children�s movie. It doesn�t have the same warm and fuzzy feeling associated with the toys, fish, monsters, superheroes and culinary rats from previous Pixar productions.
Relying upon purely visual storytelling, the filmmakers have given us a virtual �silent� film that is about 85 percent dialogue-free. This movie will appeal primarily to science fiction geeks who can furnish their own oohs and ahs.
This ambitious futuristic space adventure is set in the year 2810. An uninhabitable Earth is reduced to rubble and mountains of trash. Nobody bothered to shut off the last remaining solar-charged trash compacting robot.
WALL-E (Waste Allocation Load Lifter Earth-Class) is built to handle garbage disposal and has been toiling at this thankless task for 700 years. He has developed a personality and collects knick knacks in a lunchbox.
He realizes he is lonely and craves companionship. His definition of love is holding hands with someone. His most outstanding feature is binocular-style eyes. He makes strange mechanical noises (created by four-time Oscar-winning sound designer Ben Burtt, who previously provided similar beeps, crackles and chirps emanating from R2-D2) that are intended to be funny.
His dull existence is changed forever when a spaceship lands and drops off a sleek probe with a shiny white exterior and blue eyes named

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.955181
Retrieved Text: Because “looking good” is not just for the Brides!
Hopeless romantic or not, don’t we all dream of having the perfect wedding?
A once in a lifetime event that would make people cherish the moment, especially the groom and bride.
There are many parts to a wedding including the ceremony, vows, photography & videography, musicians, and reception. It is always a good idea to get a strategy in place, reserve some down time to get through all of your tasks and plan ahead of time so big decisions never come down until the last minute.
Pick a suit that would suit the style of the wedding.
Wedding style is very important in planning the event. It could be a church wedding which screams maximum formality, or a beach wedding with summer vibes, a garden wedding, vintage and rustic.
Get a haircut before the day of the wedding.
Give it a trim – this is a must. On the actual wedding day, give your hair a good clean and formal touches to make it look stylish and fresh.
Spicing up your look on the wedding day with a watch, boutonniere, and nice shoes are essential.
It is best to work a bit dark shade of grey tux with a classic white shirt underneath, great for a classic wedding. This look is effortlessly wild and chic all at once!
A ‘swagger’ tuxedo is definitely a “life-of-the-party” kind of style. This surely screams confidence, style and swag. This style is perfect when you need to look positively dapper, without looking overly formal. It is best worn with either a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.929676
Retrieved Text: This 18k gold-plated chain necklace features a letter-embossed petal pendant. Ring clasp. 17.5" long.
Super cheap! It ceased and broke off after 1 week of purchasing it without any apperant reason! Just suddenly!
Love this necklace, good price and good for daily use, also nice layered with other necklaces.
I have had this necklace for several years now and it is honestly probably my favorite necklace, it is very delicate and I can wear it with just about anything. I always have people asking me where I bought it bc it is the perfect dainty, everyday necklace. I would highly recommend this, it makes for great gifts as well bc it's not terribly expensive but is a nice quality.
I cherish this and wear it every day. It is so simple and clean. Love it.
I brought this as a gift for a friend and think it's great. It is a delicate chain & charm, but doesn't feel too flimsy in my opinion. For the price & apparent quality I think it's the perfect birthday gift! My only gripe is that it comes in a shopbop box; I would much rather it came in a box or pouch from the designer.
I thought the charm on this necklace would be a little bigger. I wanted to remove the charm and put it on a longer necklace but it cannot be removed. Its a cute little necklace, and I kept the purchase in the end, but was not completely satisfied with it.
So gorgeous! Small but totally noticeable! Gorjana you've done it again! Love

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.831028
Retrieved Text: Yukito has been a wander for so long, he doesn't even know where he intended to go. By chance he meets a girl named Mizuho working on a project over the summer. Mizuho has an unexplained illness, and has missed most of the school year. During the summer she offers to make it up by doing a research project on a local legend of a winged person who once lived near her town. Yukito doesn't have a place to stay, so the two strike a deal. Yukito can stay in her shed, but will have to help Mizuho on her project.
As the two unravel the mysteries of the legend, they also discover things about themselves. They also discover they might be becoming more than friends.
I watched the Air - TV series, and wasn't impressed with it to put it nicely. It did have potential, and if done differently could be good. Which is why I was receptive to watching this movie. If you haven't seen the TV series, don't bother. Go read my review to find out why you shouldn't see it (I'll wait). This move takes the story and concepts and turns them into a tale that works very well. The TV series is a good example of why pandering to visual novel enthusiasts can lead a series astray. The movie is a good example of how to adopt a good concept, and work it into an anime that's worth watching.
Visually it looks great. The TV series had an art style that made the characters

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.830685
Retrieved Text: Tonight Sarah and I saw Speed Racer at Movies 10. A live action adaptation of the 1970's animated series from Japan. Brought to the screen by the Wachowski brothers, who also gave us the Matrix trilogy and V for Vendetta.
Starring Emile Hirsch as Speed, John Goodman, Susan Sarandon, Christina Ricci and Matthew Fox. The movie has an artistic style like I've never seen before. Bright neon colors and a fast editing pace. When the camera isn't on the action on the track the film is shot entirely in close-up. Several times during the movie the editing pace was so fast that it became hard to really get into the action and drama of the sequence. I didn't feel the danger and failed to get very excited about the action. Goodman and Sarandon do a good job as the parents. I was completely amazed that Christina Ricci still looks so very young. And beautiful too.
Being that this film is an adaptation of the old TV series I was expecting the film makers to try to push my nostalgia button. That never happened. Two years ago with Superman Returns the filmmakers really pushed all the right buttons.
A good bit of action and a very unique visual style. A good movie, but not great.
Click here to comment on my blog.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.770023
Retrieved Text: Do you think Christmas should be about having fun with the kids, creating lifelong childhood memories?
For any family with young children, Christmas is a time of wonder and make believe.
At Elf Crazy, the home of all to do with the Christmas Elf tradition, we’ll help you make Christmas time exciting and fun for your kids. We’ll bring you ideas, tips and recipes, so you are totally prepared when your Christmas Elf comes to stay.
Please share your Elf stories with us and help us spread the word about the magical Christmas Elf Tradition too!
Have you heard about the Christmas Elf tradition? It’s when Santa’s elves visit your home to check on good little boys and girls. Christmas Elves usually start to appear on the first of December, ready to report to Santa.
While they keep an eye on the children during the day, these good natured but naturally mischievous creatures are restless during the night. They are never found in the same place twice. Each morning the children have to hunt around the house to discover where the Elf is resting. It’s not unusual to find a hungry one still hiding in the fridge or in the biscuit jar. Read more about what Santa’s elves are up to at night.
Just imagine your children’s or grandchildren’s excitement when the mischievous Christmas Elves arrive!
Our cheeky Christmas Elf dolls will bring companionship, hugs, adventures and love with them. They will help create memories the whole family will cherish for a lifetime.
These cute mischievous characters will become a part of your family

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.762432
Retrieved Text: I really enjoyed it too but I would have liked if it was a bit longer. A strange criticism and may have been to its detriment but when something is great I always wish for more.
Also been watching the new Animal Collective visual album in collaboration with Coral Morphologic. Even if you don't like their music (and this one is very ambient and abstract), the visuals are absolutely incredible.
It's a crime drama, where they're solving historic murders. Each season is one contained story, so you don't have to have watched the previous one, but there is some character development with the supporting cast, so it's worth starting at the beginning.
Only watched two seasons so far. Season one was great, but season two was one of the best British dramas I've seen in years. Absolutely brilliant writing, acting, story. It's really, really good. Definitely recommend it, and it's not normally my type of thing. I generally roll my eyes at the amount of British crime dramas we get on terrestrial telly, but this is well worth your time. Only six episodes each series.
BlacKkKlansman. Not subtle! But beautiful, and funny, and sad.
I recently watched little film from 2012 called... Ace Attorney!
I went in with the sort of expectation that you'd expect from a "movie-based-on-a-video-game", and I gotta say: I genuinely liked this movie.
It helps that it has a super-prolific, experienced, and talented director like Takashi Miike behind the camera, and despite it's 2 hour and 14 minute running time, it moves along at a good pace, and doesn't

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.75489
Retrieved Text: Jay Rock isn’t slowing down anytime soon. Just days after releasing his third solo album, Redemption, as well as the second video from the album, Rock is already back with a third set of visuals from said album. As earlier today he premiered through Vevo the new Jack Begert & Dave Free co-directed video for his J. Cole collaboration, OSOM. Easily one of the most standout tracks from the album, the new visual like pretty much almost all (probably really all) TDE visuals really brings the record truly to life and plays more like an actual cinematic mini-movie masterpiece. As the new visual opens with both emcees in a motel room and Rock washing his hands from a bloody situation him and Cole got in. They then concoct a plan and put away the stash that they got together and go their separate ways till their planned time to meet again later. Rock and Cole than go through the different motions throughout the day riding around the city. Whether it be stopping for gas, food or stopping to visit their girl’s crib, as in the case of the latter. They both feel paranoid and like someone is out to get them. Which they both hint at towards the end of the clip, when they meet up again as they had planned from the beginning. Rock feeling more like it’s just bad weed, while Cole feels it’s actually somebody out to get one or both of them. The very suspenseful visual is easily the best visual I’ve

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.667912
Retrieved Text: Mission Viejo replacement windows create a good number of benefits for local homeowners who choose to make this investment in their homes in Mission Viejo, CA. Replacement projects renew the style and the visual appearance of the outside of a dwelling and also brighten up the interior. The final outcomes of these jobs also help consumers save on their home energy expenses. There are a number of ways California buyers can go with their replacement projects because there are so many different products and installers out there. Find a great deal on Mission Viejo replacement windows by comparing prices and performance characteristics and get the best California vinyl replacement windows for your house.
There are a great many reasons why consumers choose to invest in Mission Viejo replacement windows, and numerous benefits that come along with this project despite the replacement window cost. The first is obvious enough: the impact that this job has on the look of your Mission Viejo abode. As time goes by, it is inevitable that we will lose some of the excitement we had for our homes when we first bought them. As a building ages and weathers, its appearance is affected and much of its distinctive charm is lost.
But when you buy new Mission Viejo replacement windows, you can get it all back and then some. Consumers all over the state of California are consistently amazed at how much just a single change like this can impact the overall visual appearance of a building's exterior. What's more, the installation of new

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.629944
Retrieved Text: As I’m writing this blog entry, my four-year-old is just waking up and playing with her Peter Rabbit plush doll. Peter Rabbit is all she has been talking about this week and sharing with everyone who will listen that she saw the Peter Rabbit movie and even met him! We were invited to see the film before it comes out in theaters on February 9th and I’m excited to see it again! This movie is worth me paying to go see it for a second time. It was funny, family-friendly and jammed packed with furry cuteness.
PETER RABBIT™, the mischievous and adventurous hero who has captivated generations of readers, now takes on the starring role of his own irreverent, contemporary comedy with attitude. In the film, Peter‘s feud with Mr. McGregor (Domhnall Gleeson) escalates to greater heights than ever before as they rival for the affections of the warm-hearted animal lover who lives next door (Rose Byrne). James Corden voices the character of Peter with playful spirit and wild charm, with Margot Robbie, Elizabeth Debicki, and Daisy Ridley performing the voice roles of the triplets, Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cotton-tail.
Because kids can be as mischievous as Peter Rabbit, I decided to use all of the activities in store for us as simple life lessons for my daughter.
She had the opportunity to see the movie first! This was a teachable moment and I couldn’t stress enough to her that she is lucky and should appreciate these special opportunities.
She was able to pick out her own Peter Rabbit inspired outfit.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.345871
Retrieved Text: Against counter/control decks, your best bet would probably be Price of Glory Buy... Just get it into play before they counter it!
great deck! battling control is a magor pain Price of Glory Buy will help, but hitting hard and fast before they can set up control is the best way to deal with em. Ball Lightning Buy is one of my favorites, also, Fireball Buy and Lava Burst Buy will work well with your Mana Flare Buys.
Flaring Pain Buy might be good in the SB, incase you play one of those Prevention decks.
That would deffinantly speed this thing up a bit, plus you get the old-school ProsBloom charm.
Good deck. Thnx for rating mine.
Very intersting. I can definately see the way it works, but coming from old old old school deck design, its hard to comprehend so few creatures. i mean there are basically 2 :P the birds arnt there for anything bar the manna.
The deck idea is not to be a conventional burn deck. Even though ball lightnings and mogg fanatics and all that jazz would be a good choice and probably help speed the deck up, they go against the main theme... This deck lets everyone get oodles and oodles of mana out, but it uses it more effectively than opponents.
decent deck,, funny too cause i was looking at Rock Hydra Buy a few days ago, thinking about making a hydra deck. A guy i use to play with years ago,, sh!t like back in the day back in junior high like 10 years ago

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.239548
Retrieved Text: It’s going to take a lot for me not to start yammering on like Ruby Rhod when I talk about the Fifth Element. I’ve been in awe of it ever since I saw it as a kid. From the story, to the characters, to the sets, to the outfits, everything in the Fifth Element is executed at an absolutely stellar level. Surprisingly, all this has not prevented the movie from being mocked, and even the good folks at Rifftrax have dedicated an episode to the movie. On one hand, that’s blasphemy. On the other hand, the Fifth Element is most definitely a weird movie (and a very French one at that, which to me just adds to more of its charm), and even though I haven’t heard the Rifftrax on it, I can easily think of some aspects of this movie that can serve for mocking ammunition.
The Fifth Element is definitely an eye-candy of a movie, and unfortunately this causes the music to take a backseat even though it’s playing through 90% of what we’re seeing on screen. I’m not talking about the whole scene with the space diva where the musical performance is front and center. I’m talking about the rest of score which is such a wonderful complement to this film. Just think of the challenge for composer Eric Serra (another Frenchman): a setting where all of earth’s cultures and the world’s cultures are forced to interact sometimes violently, sometimes more amicably like a Thai food space truck meeting preparing us food at our

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.190088
Retrieved Text: I was up late last night pouring over some yummy finds via etsy so I figured I might as well put together a little sample of it all in a treasury list. I'm in a sunshine state of mind right now. Everything yellow/canary/lemon/banana, whatever you call it, has been seriously catching my eye. Alot of it probably has to do with my son's birthday party from a couple of weekends ago. Whatever the reason, I'm loving this sunny, feel-good hue right now.
So my other love interest this week is glitter! Glitter me this, glitter me that. Glitterguide is a new site that looks really promising and has page after page of visual goodness. Take a look at that glitter dress down there. Ordinarily, I would probably shy away from something so, um, glittery. But how fantastic does this girl look in that dress?? I know, I know...she would look amazing in a paper sack. Us short petite girls can dream we might come close to looking that great in an all sequin frock though, can't we?
"Live each day like it's your birthday"...I like it. Think I'll try that.
Have you ever laid eyes on a more visually perfect cake?? Stop by Sweetapolita's site and you'll find oodles and oodles of gorgeous confections. Oh man, how I like to imagine I'll get THAT good at baking some day. This blog SO inspires me and just plain makes me happy. When she posts a new recipe, it's going to be something amazing....everytime... that, you can take to the bank.
Hope

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.171196
Retrieved Text: Aardman bring us a new feature with nice clay animation and charm, even though its story and characters are about as old as the Stone Age.
Every once in a while, it’s nice to experience a type of animation that’s pretty rare to see on screen. While Disney Studios, Pixar Studios, Illumination Entertainment, and even Sony Pictures Animation create their films with typical CG animation, there’s Aardman Pictures from England with their stop-motion clay animation which sets them apart. Director Nick Park and the production company which made classics Wallace and Gromit and Chicken Run have returned to make another feature film taking us back to the Stone Age.
Early Man stars Dug (Eddie Redmayne), a young and optimistic caveman who lives in the valley with his tribe. However, when their valley is threatened and invaded by the Bronze Age, Dug challenges the head of the Bronze Age Lord Nooth (Tom Hiddleston), to a soccer match – a game that was once part of the cavemen tradition. If the cavemen were to win against the Bronze Age champions, Dug and his tribe realise they will get their valley back. However difficult it may be to train his current tribe for the game, Dug brings the help of a talented soccer fan from the Bronze era who’s discriminated from playing, named Goona (Maisie Williams).
Once again, it’s nice to see the animation style of stop-motion clay animation in theatres next to a lot of CG from other animation studios. Also, the voice acting from the entire cast is incredible. I’m

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.1211
Retrieved Text: Lego Marvel’s Avengers is a pleasant game to look at, and does a savvy job of blending the cute Lego charm with the realistic comic-esque environments the Avengers are thrown into. It’s not a very impressive game, but it does an excellent job at sticking to what it knows best. I understand that Lego games don’t have as much reach to explore new visual territories since the games are used with..well…Legos. But a little variation in style now and then would do this franchise some good I believe. I do appreciate how well Lego captures the thrill and sensation of the Avengers, the game presents all the high flying action, explosions, and famous movie scenes very well throughout the whole campaign. Since there aren’t any officially licensed games for any Marvel Movies, these Lego games are the closest gamers can get to experiencing their favorite Marvel movie moments in video game format. Despite being our only choice, it’s a pretty good one to have.
There isn’t too much to say within this category, Lego gameplay styles have remained fairly unchanged over the years. Players can cooperatively, or single handedly tackle the game’s campaign mode, and in-between missions are free to roam the game’s free play mode and tackle side missions to unlock collectibles and new characters for use. My favorite Lego hub-world of the past games was Lego Hobbit, it looked and felt so much more differently than the other game’s entries. Unfortunately Lego Marvel’s Avengers hub-world falls a little short, and just gives players a very

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.069777
Retrieved Text: Hi, my name's Hannah and I'm really excited to be tattooing at Sacred Skin. I'm very passionate about art, and I appreciate various styles and mediums. I have an Advanced Diploma in Visual Art and have been tattooing since 2011.
I love Watercolour tattoos, Mandalas and dotwork, neo-traditional and realism. But really I just love to create! I'm happy to work with you in any style to make a tattoo that you can cherish.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.886997
Retrieved Text: How do you compare "Black & White" with Subhash Ghai�s other movies?
Has "Black & White" Delivered?
What do you remember Subhash Ghai for? In case your answer is for movies like “Karma”, this one is not for you!!! If your answer is for movies like “Yaadein”, I don’t think any effort to make serious cinema can please you, and if your answer is “who is he?” well then I think you just need to read the last line of this review and avoid the movie altogether. Well, in all three cases you can opt for the third option. First things first, don’t watch this movie if watching all movies that aren’t very bad is not a motto in your life.
The movie puts all its characters as clichéd as if they were in an old black and white movie. If only, Subhash Ghai had tried making a truly realistic film, moving away from the coincidences and concepts that we have seen a thousand times, this movie would have had the potential to become a classic. Alas, It never happens!
The story of the movie is simple and interesting. A terrorist, a human bomb, a fidayeen Numair Qazi (new comer Anurag Sinha looks impressive) comes to Delhi as a suicide bomber who needs to blow himself up at the Red Fort on Independence Day. The network of terrorism is spread right from the “shana in the muhall” till the highest level of politicians (Arun Bakshi and Akash Khurana in forgettable roles).
He is on a mission to give a form to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.566439
Retrieved Text: This Creator has quitted Skillots.
To propose multiple font image at hearing stage, closer image of the client and designer.
6 proposal submission as the first proposal. In the detailed proposal description of the concept and the paper bag into client images tend to make the presentation.
Design 1 clients, charm of thick lines, incorporating the fix hope brush your bitter sting of the amendment.
To again consider the logotype types draft multiple submission. We seek discovery see the image they line cream 'or' last 'you' round cake that cherish the face shop concept and product image.
Represented by using the calligraphy tradition from Meiji nagamine tea the Japanese taste. Client approval, delivered in the format Adobe Illustrator format.
Hatto Graphico, design ideas and hope you work in the framework of the requests as this is also proposed, not to mention at a high level "beyond". Proposal is too good and suffer from reverse says suffering?
Also tasted, but this is very glad that as a novice.
It looks really great, glad you asked and we are grateful.
This time is very smoothly.
Thank you very much. Designer selection, we have used convenience wonderful that after meeting room and data delivery mechanism.
I think we also utilize the want to.
It is creating new tea retailer in-store pastry department store logo. Name: wholly handmade sweets workshop created in his image, so think this want for finishing in the original.
Selling pastry baked goods have been popular in Machida City, Tokyo tea direct sale shops to shop at kiln for confectionery, pudding and cake, cream puffs, a wide range of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.403976
Retrieved Text: At Godrej Prana, a modern life style is just waiting for you. It is ready to open a new chapter in your life. Spreading across 31 acres of land this residential complex is located next to Tata Inora Park, Undri-Saswad Road, Undri, Pune. This residential apartment is thoughtfully designed with all the modern specifications and offers you 1, 2, 2.5 and 3 BHK apartments which represent a perfect balance of nature and man-made facilities. Undri, Pune has all it all to make it a hot property destination. For many years, it lacks the required infrastructure but in the past few years, the area has seen major development and is now very well connected with a maze of roads and interstate highways which are really a great boost for the property developers over here.
Godrej Prana, Pune is an ideal choice to have a residential property over here due to its vicinity to tempting Pune Camp which is now one of the fast developing areas of the city and becoming a hotspot for the residential property development. Laid-back charm of the city, peaceful and scenic surroundings, good climatic conditions, well connectivity with all modes of transportations, reputed schools and education institutions, and unmatched health facilities etc surely make Pune a city which surely deserves a place to have your home over here.
Godrej Prana Undri is a rare mix of nature and modern style of living. Here you surely feel the closeness of nature because each home is designed in such a way that you can enjoy a plenty

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.358648
Retrieved Text: ❉ Something’s definitely brewing in the Fantastic Beast’s cauldron, but it doesn’t bubble over in this film.
The second instalment of the Fantastic Beasts series arrives in Gothic style with Johnny Depp’s Gellert Grindelwald on the loose determined to create a world full of pure-blood wizards. As his following grows, wizards and witches alike must choose where their loyalties lie. Ezra Miller’s Credence Barebone is also back, and calmer, seeking answers about his true identity. He’s a wanted man with various groups hunting him believing he is the solution to the wizarding world’s civil unrest.
Harry Potter veteran David Yates again directs with most of the original film’s cast returning with some excellent additions in the shape of Callum Turner, Zoë Kravitz and Derek Riddell, however star of the show is undoubtedly Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore and Jude Law’s effortless charm, and ever so subtle Irish lilt, successfully captures the essence of the best headmaster Hogwart’s has ever known. Law brings style and a mischievous energy to a role that warranted more screen time.
Leading the reliable ensemble cast, Eddie Redmayne’s endearing Newt Scamander is still more comfortable around beasts than humans whilst Johnny Depp is suitably menacing without going over the top.
There’s a welcome return to everyone’s favourite wizarding school and as soon as the doors to the Great Hall are opened there’s a comfortable sense of familiarity which is proof the magic is still very much in the air, however at two and a quarter hours it’s quite a long film and, surprisingly, not a lot

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.301722
Retrieved Text: Most children don’t even know the significance of their birthday, but one thing they are certain of is that it is a fun-filled day on which they receive a lot of gifts. Children often can’t sleep the night before their birthday party because they’re so anxious for the party to being. They have all sorts of gifts in mind that they plan on receiving. Your job as the gift-giver is to find gift ideas for children that they will like and cherish! This can be a difficult task because kids these days are so picky.
You can buy them something worth hundreds of dollars and still end up not giving the right gift. Money obviously has no value to most children. Instead, they are more concerned with getting gifts that they can show off to their classmates or soccer buddies. This is why adults have to put some thought into what they intend on gifting the child. Whatever it may be, you have to make sure that it is relevant and current. No kid wants to get a Tom & Jerry school bag these days. What they want are gifts to do with current cartoons such as Hannah Montana or High School Musical or something similar are great gift ideas for children.
The Jonas Brothers are beyond popular currently. These teenage boys have become heartthrobs and are adored by people of all ages. But children seem to like them even more which is why a Jonas Brothers gift basket would be a great idea for a gift. This

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.183651
Retrieved Text: Starting with one of the year’s earlier releases the live action adaptation of Cinderella. After last year’s Maleficent left a bad taste in my mouth Cinderella plays things safer, a move that is ultimately for the best. This movie attempts to add more backstory to Cinderella’s childhood as well as the step mother. Whether or not you cared about it, it was still a nice addition. Both Lily James and Richard Madden are enjoyable as the romantic leads as well as Cate Blanchet (though admittedly she can be OTT). The area where this movie shines the most though is in it’s visual presentation, from the landscapes to the effects, it’s all around just a beautiful movie to look at. This movie may not break new grounds but it doesn’t butcher it’s source material the way Maleficent did.
I’ve always liked Aardman animated movies, be it Wallace and Gromit or the excellent Chicken Run. I wasn’t sure how something like Shaun the Sheep would translate to a movie, but the end result left me happy. A lot like Wallace and Gromit it relies a lot on visual storytelling (except this time there’s really no dialogue), yet children should have no trouble following the story. Once again the animation is top-notch by Aardman standards and there’s plenty of visual gags and moments of comedy to keep you laughing. Whilst it’s not my favourite Aardman animated film it still manages to be an ambitious and colourful feature for the whole family.
Some may be surprised to see Avengers: Age of Ultron

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.990303
Retrieved Text: refashioned as All-Saints Day (November 1) and October 31, now known as All Hallows Eve, ushered in a festival called All Hallows.
Today, October 31st is celebrated as Halloween, a night of costumed revelry and, if we're young or young at heart, "trick or treating." We classic film buffs usually include classic ghost or horror films as part of the holiday's festivities. This October, Turner Classic Movies has been offering "spooktacular" "fright films" with 'Classic Horror' every Wednesday though Halloween. Among the films featured so far was one of my own eerie favorites, Jack Clayton's The Innocents (1961), based on a stage play of the same name that was an adaptation of the Henry James novella The Turn of the Screw. Deborah Kerr starred and considered her performance as the distressed governess of two precocious children the best of her career.
TCM also aired the 1944 ghost classic The Uninvited as part of this month's "scarefest." Lighter but reminiscent in some ways of the Hitchcock's Rebecca (1940), it stars Ray Milland, features the film debut of Gail Russell and introduced Victor Young's classic song "Stella by Starlight." I took a closer look at both The Uninvited and Rebecca last November with A Chill in the Air Part I and Part II.
Also spotlighted on TCM this month, though as part of its political series rather than a lead-in to Halloween, was Rene Clair's I Married a Witch (1942), starring Veronica Lake as a 300 year old witch and Fredric March as a rising politician. Click here for Jacqueline T.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.833305
Retrieved Text: Anyway, this is a fair James Bond film. There are some things I do like about it, but it is by far Daniel Craig’s weakest turn as 007. The positives: Craig is really coming into his own as Bond. He’s suave and debonair, and while he may not seem as intelligent as other Bond’s he still has some of the trademark dry wit. I also like that the story moves away from Bond’s romantic relationships and focuses more on his relationship with Mi6 head, M. Watching Craig and Judi Dench match wits and verbally spar are some of the highlights of the latest three 007 films.
However, the biggest problem with Quantum is that it’s really boring. Casino Royale signaled that the series was headed in a grittier, more realistic direction, but Quantum is just too realistic to the point where it’s hardly fun. The story revolves around a shady organization that at first glance seems to be protecting oil interests, but are instead attempting to control the flow of water in a desert. On the one hand, it’s a good idea. Everyone is worried about peak oil, but few people really give any thought to the fact that the world is quickly running out of clean water. But then, I don’t go to a James Bond movie to be reminded of real problems. I go to be entertained, and this film is not entertaining enough.
I was able to forgive the fact that Casino Royale did not feel at all like a James Bond film because it

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.705704
Retrieved Text: Had the apple seen Son of Sardaar first, it would never have fallen on Newton’s head. Talking about the film is as predictably pointless as the film itself. The exaggerated action sequences and silly comedy may entertain some of the audience, but as a film-crazy nation, we surely deserve far better.
Better known as a dialogue writer than a director, Ashwani Dhir directs his third film, Son of Sardaar - this Diwali's quota of comedy. It looks more slapsticky and the typical over-the top that goes with it. Ajay Devgn seems to be playing a macho character but goes wimpy when confronted by Sanjay Dutt.
With Sonakshi Sinha as lead lady, we can forget all about entertainment in the form of dance because the woman has a knack of juicing the grace out of dance. Just take a look at this!
Interestingly, the only thing that comes through from the trailers about the story is that Ajay Devgn's character has offended Sanjay Dutt's character somehow and the latter is just bidding time before he can lay his hands on the former. And in the process everyone overacts. Nothing in whatever we've been exposed to thus far seems to indicate that we are in for any coherent plot. It is after all, earmarked to be that kind of non-sensical extravaganza.
However, not all seems to be lost as you see some attempt at acting in this song called 'Bichhdan'. Also, there is a promise of relief in the form of Juhi Chawla, but she too can give into excess like some

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.445015
Retrieved Text: The recent death of William Goldman prompted me to seek out one of my all-time favorite books, The Princess Bride. If you’re familiar with the classic 1987 film adaptation, Goldman’s book is even more funny, more clever, and more sweetly satirical. The book is written with a framing device in which he discovers that a beloved adventure book read to him by his father when he was sick as a child, was actually a long political satire that bored his own son. So Goldman decides to publish an abridged version with only the good parts. All of this framing device is fictional, as Goldman invented both the story of The Princess Bride and a fictional wife and son.
The audio book version I found to listen too is disappointingly an abridged version, ironic since The Princess Bride is already supposed to be an abridged book. Many of the scenes that don’t correspond directly to the movie are left out of the audiobook, including the majority of Goldman’s framing device interrupting the narrative. The audiobook doesn’t even have the Reunion Scene. As a bonus, the book is read by Rob Reiner – director of the film – in his wonderful Bronx accent.
It’s definitely worth putting this on to play to your kids if you’re not up for reading the book out loud yourself.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.21047
Retrieved Text: Argentinian film production was severely curtailed under the 1970s military junta. More recently, the directors associated with the New Argentine Cinema have propelled the national cinema back into the spotlight.
The censoriousness of the junta period carried over into the next decade, as post- junta cinema largely dealt with issues surrounding what would become known as the “dirty war”. Despite the lack of risk in the shape and content of films from the 1980s, there were exceptions, including Luis Puenzo’s The Official Film Story (1985), which won the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film.
The 1990s marked a new phase in Argentine cinema, as the stagnation of the previous decades led a group of young directors to fight to recover their country’s cinematic identity.
Their goal was to show the new reality of Argentina, focusing less on the events of the past and more on pervasive social problems faced by everyday Argentinians. New film schools emerged in the mid-1990s, and the creation of film festivals at Mar de Plata and Bafici created a platform for new directors to show their works.
While the directors who emerged in the 1990s are considered part of the New Argentine Cinema, they comprise a disparate group. Yet they are linked by a determinedly modern, forward-looking focus and smoothly mixing reality and fiction.
This new cinema is concerned with critiquing modern Argentine society and delves into the lives of individual characters with such realism that we can see ourselves in the small details. Here are five prominent contemporary directors whose works helped reshape Argentine film.
Trapper (b.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.19945
Retrieved Text: I saw this last week at an Odeon Screen Unseen. I'd seen a couple of trailers for it, but didn't know much about it and was pleasantly surprised. It is a little predictable, but it is a real feel-good movie with some genuinely very funny moments and a sensitive touch. It's really worth seeing.
Julie Walters steals the show, but the lead Jessie Buckley is fantastic as is Sophie Okonedo. In fact all the performances (including the children) are so good that as a Glaswegian, I can even forgive a couple of the slightly dodgy accents.
Without giving too much away (but I'll mark it as a spoiler anyway): a young Glaswegian single mother, newly released from jail is determined to continue pursuing her dream of being a country singer and moving to Nashville: life, of course, gets in the way.
Caught this last night and really enjoyed it. Went along knowing only two things: Glasgow and Country music scene. It didn't fail to deliver on those. What we got as well was a rather good, if slightly kitchen sinky tale of a young woman's struggle to find success in music.
I thought Julie Walters was almost unrecognisably convincing as the Wegian granny.
Isn't that wee girl the one who says, "Ick a like a bar of chocolate please. It's for me mum" in the Dairy Milk advert?
It might have been better as a several parter on telly with maybe a little more character development in several minor roles, but as a film it ticked the required boxes. It even had

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.09436
Retrieved Text: Those who hate spoilers…read at your own risk!
Yes it is another feel good movie. And yes…the ending is so predictable… and it is another simple love story… of finding true love. I can not say it is a five star movie… but it has made me grin most of the time. It hit my weakest point and made me rekindle my own love story. Matthew Goode may not be the hottest male personality in Hollywood in comparison to Mark Wahlberg or Antonio Banderas or Rob Pattinson (don’t forget that the choice of comparison is subjective) but Goode seems just right for the role. He was so charming. His disposition in the movie reminded me of an old flame.
The thing about love story- for those who love this genre, is that it would not only entertain them but also would make the lovers of the genre find their way back to their own true love. The chemistry of Amy Adams and Matthew Goode are exceptionally good. The way they restraint their emotions for each other adds sizzle in the story. The existence of Adam Scott adds spice in the film. Well, love triangle always works.
Those emotions seen in the movie are real. Like the fiancé of Amy Adams- Jeremy, some people like Jeremy commit to the relationship not because they are driven by love but – sad to say- comfort and convenience. Being presumptuous – the attitude of Anna Brady (Amy Adams), is in reality a big turn off. While I was watching the film, I could

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.07671
Retrieved Text: ← Two elements each of these seminal horror movies since 1960 have in common, Part II.
Early in writer/director Jennifer Kent’s Australian creeper The Babadook, widowed mother Amelia crawls onto the floor with her six year old son Samuel to check underneath his bed, ensuring there are no monsters there before he turns in for the night. The scene, repeated throughout the movie, has its roots in the seemingly every day life of a parent calming their child’s fears but also acts as one of the film’s many metaphors to dramatize the concept of “what lies beneath”. Grounded in German expressionism, the film, like many great horror movies do, works on a psychological level as an allegory to convey the concept of suppression and repression, showing us the ill-effects – including cognitive dissonance – of what happens when emotions, particularly grief, have not been dealt with.
This entry was posted in Allegory, Expressionism, Techniques and Devices, Theme and tagged Expressionism, Family, Horror, Identity, Repression, Suppression, The Babadook. Bookmark the permalink.
15 Responses to The Babadook: when allegory meets expressionism in a therapeutic horror classic.
Thank you for this wonderful and awesome review!
Thanks for spelling this out. Its the most insightful review for an easily misinterpreted movie that I have found. And one that gives it MUCH deeper meaning than what is obvious on the surface. It explains the ending perfectly. I knew the movie was flirting with the concept of “is it all in her head or is it real? ” but I hadn’t considered the idea that the babadook

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.07599
Retrieved Text: Take Shelter, My Week With Marilyn and Shadow Dancer had solid premises and the potential to be very good films. Alas, they all shared the characteristics of being flat, lacking in character development, and running out of steam long before the end. It resulted in their latter scenes being overly predictable or trite, or both. Similarly, despite being a decent film, Philomena suffers from the same traits.
Young Philomena (Sophie Kennedy Clark) holding her son tightly in the sole hour a day that she is given free time at the nunnery.
Philomena is a British drama set in 2003. The movie is based on the true story of how an elderly Irish lady, Philomena Lee (when young, played by Sophie Kennedy Clark; when old, by Judy Dench), came to find her son, Anthony (when adult, played by Sean Mahon).
Anthony was taken away from Philomena in the 1950s when he was a toddler by the nuns at a Catholic nunnery, while Philomena lived there as punishment for her sin of becoming pregnant outside of wedlock. But now she has the help of a journalist in Martin Sixsmith (Steve Coogan), who has just lost his job as a Labour government advisor and a BBC reporter. He wants to write a story that will reinvigorate his career (as a Russian history author of all things) and helps Philomena to find out what happened to her son.
Yet, Philomena rapidly feels tired, which is disappointing as one expects more from it. The movie is only 98 minutes long, but it feels longer. All

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.030525
Retrieved Text: I loved the whole series of movies Marvel has been releasing. Even though some are a bit weak (Read: Thor), I still find them entertaining. I hope this one will not disappoint. Iron Man 2 was a bit weak and quick for the ending. This third movie seems like it will have the same general plot like Dark Knight Rises, where Tony Stark will have to fall hard and have to rebuild himself to be better in order to conquer the villain of the Mandarin as well as his internal self.
Lo Pan and the Mandarin - Do you think they shop in the same store, or they just like accessories?
As you can see the Mandarin will be played by Sir Ben Kingsley, who is a wonderful actor. He was in Hugo, Gandhi, Schindler’s List, Sneakers, Searching for Bobby Fischer and many other great movies. I’m sure his portrayal of The Mandarin will be good. Although a piece of me wonders how he’s called the Mandarin and isn’t really Chinese. (The New Karate Kid, I am looking at you). But Ben Kingsley is a great actor, so surely it can’t be bad. We can all forget Bloodrayne, right?
The first time I remember seeing the Mandarin character was in a Marvel trading card series that were painted by the Hilderbrandt brothers. It was a dynamic intense view of the villain. it accentuated where his powers came from – the ten rings on his fingers. And it reminded me of the Planeteers, how each ring has a different power.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.92597
Retrieved Text: Bring together a Hong Kong Golden Horse best actress winner and comedy Queen, a Singapore comedy King, with a multi-award winning director. Add a wish list of acclaimed talented actors. Set against a comedic storyline with a soul, and the result is a truly memorable film that instantly grabs your attention from the first frame.
Firstly, huge congratulations for having been nominated for the New Talent Award at the Hong Kong Asian Film Festival – did you feel any pressure to get a good reception for the movie especially after your previous success with Miss Wonton and the increased interest in Singapore made film with Anthony Chen’s Ilo Ilo last year?
Yes at first there was pressure to make a picture that will garner awards and there is also pressure to make the money back for our investors. But as I went into production and post production, the only instinct was to make the best film that I could. It has been a challenge juggling all the elements together. I'm glad that I finally achieved my dream of making a local movie.
With increased interest in Singapore film, do you feel there is a unique angle to Singapore’s film industry?
I think our film industry is still evolving. I feel that there are two groups of filmmakers here: those who made short films and progressed to make feature films, and those who crossed over from Mediacorp to movies. But their common link is stories taking place within the HDB landscape.
You have been quoted in the papers as saying that ‘The

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.7167
Retrieved Text: A powerful Argentine political film stands on the figure of an outsider intellectual, Sebreli, but manages to transcend it, he becomes a touchstone to go through Argentina and its dilemmas, through this country that is proud of almost everything it should be ashamed of. From national icons like Gardel, Evita, Che, and Maradona the film dialogs with recent Argentine history and it does so with extraordinary energy, supported by a rarely seen use of all kinds of archive material in an almost Dionysian state of sampleadelia. The film arrives to a surprising reflection on nationalism, demagogic governments and delusions of unanimity; problems that are common to emerging societies that cannot find their ways to a freer and more egalitarian society.
Olympus vacuum when it opens | Olympus vacuum full movie in Latin Spanish | Olympus vacuum movie online | Olympus vacuum online | Olympus vacuum online sub eng | Olympus vacuum full movie in Spanish Latin online | Olympus vacuum premiere | Olympus vacuum premiere argentina | Olympus vacuum premiere date | Olympus vacuum premiere in us | Olympus vacuum download | Olympus vacuum premiere in Europe | Direct download Olympus vacuum | Where can I watch Olympus vacuum online? | Where to watch full movie streaming?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.362503
Retrieved Text: The Manchester Historical Museum opens the first major solo museum exhibit of Manchester based artist, Marion Hall, October 5th, 2018 with an artist’s reception from 6:30-8:30PM. The show features recent watercolors and will be on view through November 10. The museum is located at 10 Union Street, within the historic Trask House (1823), Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts.
Good Morning Gloucester readers shared comments and images of Byron Brooks paintings to help rediscover the artist and the man.
The recess city instagram account has 52,600 followers today.
Salt Island, Good Harbor Beach and Brier Neck are naturally connected. The five acre Salt Island is about 1000 feet from Good Harbor Beach in Gloucester, Massachusetts. A sandbar links the island and beach at low tide. I’ve culled a few milestones in its history. Scroll down to 2017 to find the links for the Cape Ann Beacon and today’s Boston Globe.
Parts of the Fox Film Corporation movie, Bride Number 13, were shot on location at Good Harbor Beach and Salt Island. The 15 part serial silent film –“the most costly pictures ever made…would consume expenditures of at least one million dollars.” It was conceived and written by Edward Sedgwick, directed by Richard Stanton aka “Salt Island’s Mighty Emperor”, and starred Marguerite Clayton, Jack O’Brien, and Ed Rossman. The script was inspired by Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves.
“Again the picturesque Gloucester shores have been sought by a motion picture corporation for scenery and the noted Fox Film Company of New York, with its prominent director, Richard Stanton, has arrived at Hotel Harbor View, East

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.025467
Retrieved Text: Well, this is a remarkable film! It’s actually a lot deeper than I expected, reminded me of Jab Harry Met Sejal more than anything. One of those movies that is less a love story and more a story of two lost souls helping each other be found.
Saturday Small Talk: What Do You Want to Talk About While I Sleep In?
I am a lazy bear today! Stayed up too late seeing Kedarnath and then trying to keep my eyes open to write a review, on top of a series of late nights and busy times. So today I am giving myself some time to just do absolutely nothing. Except pick up my rugs from the cleaners that I can only get to on Saturdays. But otherwise, NOTHING!
Aiyaary Review (SPOILERS): Wait, So That Was 4 Days/3 Hours To Get Us Back Where We Started?
Well, this was a bad movie. Not a “I want to die” bad movie, more like a “maybe I will just take a little nap until it is over” bad movie. Great actors, wasn’t their fault, but terrible script and terrible direction, just boring and unengaging.
Happy Birthday Yash and Roohi!!!!!
A happy post! To balance the serious one from earlier today. And also because I looooooooooooove Yash and Roohi. Most serious and concerned babies ever!
It’s a Sidharth blow out!!!!!!!! Best film yesterday, and my favorite film today. Not a coincidence exactly, less about Sidharth choosing good movies/good movies choosing him, and more about the level of star who is still allowed to experiment and risk failure.
2017

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.992085
Retrieved Text: Lon Chaney, Jr. prepares for an attack on Evelyn Ankers in "The Wolf Man".
Here is an old Dracula statue from the 1970s. I love this thing. I have one myself.
From one of the most famous episodes of "The Twilight Zone".
Monster Movie Posters: "The Ape"
I love this Wolf Man statue. I would love to have it one day!
The villagers storm the Frankenstein Castle in "Son of Frankenstein". Notice Ygor in the window!
Happy Thanksgiving From The Twilight Zone!
Below the picture of Rod Serling is a commercial for the KTLA Twilight Zone Marathon. My uncle is the voice of Rod in this wonderful piece.
Today is Forrest J Ackerman's 94th Birthday!
FJA in the grip of King Kong!
Forry and I on his 90th Birthday.
Here's Dr. Karloff in all his glory. I think this still is from "Before I Hang". I don't know that movie too well to be certain.
UPDATE: So it is looking like this still is from "The Boogie Man Will Get You". Thanks to Steve for clearing that up!
Today is Boris Karloff's Birthday. Here we see a group of pictures of Karloff celebrating his birthday on the set of "Son of Frankenstein".
Basil Rathbone is stealing Karloff's Thunder!
Boris and Basil enjoy the birthday cake!
One of Karloff's last films was "Targets". It really is a terrific film and Karloff is wonderful in it.
Monster Movie Posters: "Scream Blacula Scream"
Teenage Frankenstein catches a couple of frisky teens in "I Was A Teenage Frankenstein".
Here is that wonderful painting of Vigo the Carpathian from "Ghostbusters II".
Jack Pierce puts a curl in Lon Chaney's fur for

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.697773
Retrieved Text: The unicorn lived in a lilac wood, and she lived all alone. She was very old, though she did not know it, and she was no longer the careless color of sea foam, but rather the color of snow falling on a moonlit night. But her eyes were still clear and unwearied, and she till moved like a shadow on the sea.
Although this is a classic of American fantasy, I had never heard of it until a couple of years ago when my daughter became obsessed with the animated film of it; I too found it compelling, somewhat to my surprise. It’s what the offspring of Harry Clarke’s imagination would have resembled had it married prog rock and, believe me, that is no bad thing at all. Despite sometimes weak animation and drawing, it is an exceptionally good film.
Despite my enjoyment of the film I held off acquiring the novel for a long time. I had been burned by my experience with The Princess Bride. Friends, please don’t hate me for this, but I disliked that novel intensely. I couldn’t finish it, the tone and the humour, which I found both lumpen and smart-alecky, grated on me so much. I entirely concede that it’s well-plotted, it’s original, I enjoyed the frame story, I appreciated the narrative vigour and ingenuity; I just hated something about the writing. However, I did worry that I had set it up for failure with expectations that were too high. I did not want that to happen with The Last Unicorn. In

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.51437
Retrieved Text: In a couple of weeks, the movie The Good Dinosaur will be in theaters – on November 25! I was able to go to the Good Dinosaur press junket last month (read more about this trip here), and while we were there, we were able to spend some time in Pixar Studios meeting with the amazing crew behind the scenes of the movie. We met with Sets Supervisor – David Munier, Effects Supervisor – Jon Reisch and Director of Photography and Lighting – Sharon Calahan. These three amazing and talented people spent time showing us really cool things about The Good Dinosaur.
They used 300 Terabytes (TB) of data just for the FX of The Good Dinosaur (just in case you were wondering 1,000 GB is equal to 1 TB – so 300,000 GB of data) WOW! That is 10 times as much for all of Monsters University. The scene swept away was about 17 TB of data on its own. The entire movie used about 1,000 TB of data (or about 1 million GB of data). I can’t even comprehend that!
They did all of the FX for The Good Dinosaur movie in about 1 1/2 years.
In another presentation we were able to learn about creating the expansive world in the film with Sets Supervisor David Munier, and hear how the team used actual USGS data of the northwest United States to create the sets. It was really neat to see how they took the USGS data and incorporated it into the film creation. Since the movie

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.49034
Retrieved Text: Robotech / Forums / Shazam!
Seems only fitting that DC/Warner Bros. would release Shazam! on the heels of Marvel’s Captain Marvel movie. As Shazam was originally known as Captain Marvel.
So is anybody seen this yet, or planning to?
I’m kind of on the fence about seeing it, given DC’s somewhat lackluster record of their recent movies.
Watched it. Loved it. Grew up with the 70s Saturday morning show and the DC Comics, and this movie was a slam dunk.
Interesting. So you would recommend this movie?
Beyond being a die-hard DC fan?
Yes. I think that many viewers who have never heard of SHAZAM! can easily enjoy this movie.
I’ll just wait till it comes out on blu ray.
Sadly, the movie hasn’t really done great business and at this point it looks like it will be a box office failure. Instead of the big screen, the Shazam character would work better as a streaming series.
The sequel has already been green-lit. WB is happy with its intake. The production budget was only $90 million.
Don’t wait for it to go to Blu-ray! It’s a fun movie all-around.
According to Box Office Mojo, the production budget was $100 million (no concrete numbers on the promotional budget) and the movie has only grossed $221 million world wide.
Even though the WB has claimed there will be a sequel, the movie is still a finical disappointment to the studio. However, Shazam is a b-list character, so the movie was never going to gross a billion $$$.
If the WB can put together a good script and find a really good director,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.34173
Retrieved Text: A backwoods storekeeper (Lance Henriksen) conjures up a "vengeance demon" to take care of some city folk who accidentally killed his son, with predictably tragic results. What would've been a pretty standard creature feature is elevated by a cool lookin' monster, decent gore, and loads of moody, spooky atmosphere. Perfect Halloween viewing!
Useless trivia, this flick was the directorial debut of Stan Winston, the special effects master who'd created creatures and monsters for countless classic films like "Aliens," "Jurassic Park" and "Predator."
"Pumpkinhead is an orignal and at times, a pretty frightening little horror movie. The film builds suspense, and gives you real characters, not just usual horror film slaughter fodder. If you have not seen this little forgotten gem do yourself a favor, pick it up, and block off a late Saturday night to watch it with the lights off, and big old bowl of popcorn near to hand. BUT....by all means, avoid reading most of the reviews posted. Most of the reviewers here are not reviewing the movie, so much as detailing all of the events that occur in the film!! WHY do so many people feel obliged to not only give away major plot points of a film, but basically run down the entire script of the film...I mean really, after reading some of the reviews posted here, the only thing left to watch the film for is to see who provided the catering on the set!! I highly recommend this movie like most of the other reviewers here....but you will enjoy the film so

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.20359
Retrieved Text: I was only seven years old when this movie came out so I can tell you I did NOT see it in theaters. That is, if it ever was on the big screen. Nevertheless, I have seen it a few times but never in its entirety… until now.
The movie isn’t horrible, but it isn’t great either. One thing I did notice while watching it is even though it is supposed to feel like a serious movie, everything is way to colorful and bright. Maybe it is just the typical late 90’s camera work and editing but I am not certain just yet. Everything just seems too colorful, pronounced, and highly saturated.
Scenery wise, like I said before, it is bright and colorful, and nothing seems gloomy even though France is going through a period of despair. Watching this makes me think of Marie Antoinette and the legacy we know about her. Mostly in part to Louis XIV’s attitude towards his people yet everything looks fine. He even orders an advisor executed for following his own order.
This movie is probably one of the better ‘Three Musketeers’ films even though it isn’t titled as one. To me, at least, I always thought this was the ‘Three Musketeers’ or at least it is the film I always equate with the term. It could be a personal bias since I grew up watching this film and reading fairy tales.
D’Artagnan is probably the most interesting, if not the best character in the movie. He lives a secret life which is explained by

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.1664
Retrieved Text: We saw the movie Chinatown in the Byham's Summer Film Series last night. It was a very good movie.
I really liked the feel of the movie. It was set in Los Angeles in the 30s or 40s, and I liked that feel of men wearing suits and hats and so forth. It reminded me of the Perry Mason books I've been reading as fluff fiction, and it also reminded me of Raymond Chandler.
It also reminded me a bit of The Maltese Falcon, but I found it much easier to follow and appreciate the twists and turns of Chinatown. I found myself able to anticipate many of the twists, but still found it an enchanting movie.
I found myself noticing the film's use of leitmotifs. I partcularly appreciated the use of the water motif, and the way the Chinatown theme was developed. I also liked the use of the Albacore motif, though I didn't pick up on that until I read a spoilerful article after seeing the movie.
I'm not sure what all to say about it, particularly since I don't want to spoil it for anyone else. But it was a very good movie, and it really fit well to see it at the Byham.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.121803
Retrieved Text: This is the time of year I’m reminded of how wonderful Donna Reed is. You know, the romantic lead opposite Jimmy Stewart in Frank Capra’s seminal IT’S A WONDERFUL LIFE. The black & white film is always playing on some channel virtually night and day from Thanksgiving to Christmas. It’s a classic to be sure, but that’s not the real reason it oversaturates the airwaves during the holiday season – or at least used to. That’s because the movie fell into the public domain for several decades when some studio nincompoop didn’t renew the copyright. Networks and cable stations could therefore play the film without having to pay residuals and royalties – and the movie and it’s classic characters became as commonplace if not more nourishing than fruit cake. However, the real feast for the eyes will forever be Donna…Donna Reed.
Donna Reed had that all-American sweetheart look that everyone but George Bailey seemed to see, until it was too late for him to escape Bedford Falls. But really, how could anyone NOT fall in love with Donna – especially when she had been on the hunt for good ole’ George since High School (remember the famous dance scene where the floor divides and people start falling into the gymnasium pool?! Donna was George’s destiny and she would stick with him for better or worse, through thick and thin until the very end when Zuzu’s petals would magically reappear in his vest pocket. Talk about bygone days. If Frank Capra were alive today – the movie might

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.108967
Retrieved Text: I've said before that I like detective stories, mysteries...well written stories full stop.
I haven't seen the above film for ages but I'd love to see it again. I've read the book and the film does justice to it. In my previous post some of my regular blog correspondents mention the subject of good/bad/indifferent book to film treatments.
...so how about it? I've got the ball rolling.....What are your nominations please?
I'd love to hear your views/likes/dislikes and comments..........................so come on then! Procedite! Proceed!
"3/4. Neil Oliver reaches the moment when Celtic Britain was ripped apart by the Roman army."
P.P.S.: ITV have made a version of a superb novel "The Suspicions of Mr. Whicherer"...it airs 9pm tomorrow evening (Easter Monday) . It's based on a real story. It's a fantastic book, superbly researched...fingers crossed they've made a good job of it!
I like historical novels, sorry but I enjoy series such as Sharpe etc. I would love to see a series of Simon Scarrow's books of the roman period. I do enjoy mystery novels, but usually Agatha Christie, and even Jeeves and Wooster which I hated years ago I find funny now. Lord of the flies I had to read for school, hated it then and it has put me off for life.
The Bridges of Madison County was a much better film than book. Bridget Jones' Diary did the book justice I thought.
The Other Boleyn, on the other hand, didn't even follow the book. And wasn't that good.
Great Expectations (the David Lean one) and "The Big Sleep".....with Humphrey Bogart and the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.102776
Retrieved Text: I adore movies. It's funny; if I spend two hours watching television, I sometimes feel guilty, as though I’ve wasted my time. But watching a movie rarely leaves me feeling as though I’ve just lost two hours to the brainless abyss (I will be polite and not mention the exceptions that come to mind). So I will almost always choose a movie over a television show. And even better than a movie, of course, is a book, and when comparing the two, the limitations of modern technology (particularly when compared to our own boundless imaginations), mean that books almost always win, for me.
That said, there are certainly plenty of examples that buck the trend, wherein the movie is as good – or occasionally even better – when compared to the book. One of my favorite examples is The Princess Bride. The Princess Bride has something for everyone (unless you're a fuddy-duddy). Pirates, swordplay, murder, a princess, torture, kidnapping, true love, revenge (served ice-cold, of course), a giant, and even a fire swamp. The film adaptation is brilliant and amazing, and leaves me smiling and satisfied with every viewing (and there have been many). Mandy Patinkin as Inigo Montoya ("Hello! My name is Inigo Montoya! You killed my father! Prepare to die."), Andre the Giant as Fezzik, Wallace Shawn, Christopher Guest, Cary Elwes, Robin Wright, and more…the characters are cast perfectly, and play off each other effortlessly.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.053154
Retrieved Text: 2011 | Watch streaming movies. Download movies online.
Watch Adam Chaplin movie online streaming, Download Adam Chaplin full length movie.
Would you like to spend some delightful time by yourself or with friends of yours? Then you should just watch Adam Chaplin that is certainly one of the most excellent films of 2011 in Horror niche. Here you would meet great actors like: Paolo Luciani, Alessandro Gramanti are starring in it and it is really the truth that their acting would bring tons of nice positive impressions to you. Length of the film is: 84 min. We think you would definitely like it very much and wish you a good screening. Just my feeling. This film is just a nice for one time watch. It could have been a interesting film but they had to ruin it with that stupid music quality. Don’t wait. Begin watching Adam Chaplin film right now. Bookmark this movie, and share with friends.
Watch Adam Chaplin movie online for free. Download Adam Chaplin full free movie, hd, mp4, avi, mpeg.
Ver Pelicula Adam Chaplin Online Gratis. Ver Online HD Espanol Latino.
Adam Chaplin online anschauen und downloaden kinofilm. Stream Film online anschauen und downloaden.
Adam Chaplin Gratuit en streaming. Regarder en Streaming gratuitement sans limit.
Watch Alyce movie online streaming, Download Alyce full length movie.
Alyce movie belongs to Horror category and was made in 2011. Fast character of Alyce is going to make you feel good while watching the movie. You may watch it with family online. Such good actors as Bret Roberts, Rena Owen, Yorgo Constantine made

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.027885
Retrieved Text: So many movies these days are either hybrid documentaries that mix fact and fiction or narrative films based (sometimes very loosely) on "real-life events," that sitting in a theater and watching THE OTHER SON, the vitally important and moving (almost beyond belief) new film from Lorraine Levy (shown below) you sit spellbound, knowing that this movie must be based on fact. But I don't believe that it is. Instead it's the creation of some caring, intelligent, thoughtful artists looking to find a way into, and thus out of, one of the most intractable and seemingly insoluble situations in our world today, that of Israel in Palestine.
If you read other reviews of the film -- and I wish you would not, so that you come to this movie clean -- you'll be apprised of the central situation -- which is such a shock to all involved that it should also come as one to the audience so that we can experience things as do the characters. I'll just say that the movie involves two families, one Israeli, the other Palestinian, and what happens to rock both their worlds as they have know them for nearly 20 years.
This central idea is close to perfect in the manner in which it forces us to confront the Israel/Palestine situation. While this story could be set just about anywhere, placing it here, in this middle-east powder keg, is simply genius. It involves two mothers, two fathers, two sons and their siblings, and as it spins out, the tale takes in culture,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.025078
Retrieved Text: “In October 2003, while I was having a cup of coffee in a bar and reading Hecho en Buenos Aires, I found a small article about the last championship. I immediately circled it and wrote Documentary. I wanted to tell the story”, Damian says. “That’s how it all started”.
Damian Cukierkorn is the writer, producer and director of “The Other Cup“, a documentary about the training and participation of the argentine team in the 2004 Homeless Football World Cup at Gothemburg, Sweden.
The boys in the team were coordinated and reunited by homeless BA magazine “Hecho en Buenos Aires” (Made in Buenos Aires) and they traveled to Sweden in July 2004.
This is not a movie about homeless people. This is a movie about a team.
It’s not a dream team but it’s a group of people playing for a dream: to be heroes, even for one day.
“Tell me one thing, wouldn’t it had been better if they gave you the money to live in BA instead of paying for this trip?”, asked one latinamerican journalist. “No, all of us play football and love it, so this is a unique experience. Money isn’t everything. Football is”. This is Omar’s answer. Omar is our hero. The homeless Maradona.
Cukierkorn is an argentine journalist and filmmaker who’s been working as a reporter for many years. He also did research on politics and social issues for TV and broadcast shows. He worked in local movies as well.
He’s extremely professional but he’s also the boy next door. Unpretentious and witty at the same time, he’s

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.894688
Retrieved Text: A Mighty Heart tells the true story of the kidnapping and murder of Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl. Everything about this movie is top notch: the acting, the writing, the direction. Still there is something missing. I think I know what it is, but more on that later.
The movie dramatizes the events before and after the kidnapping as viewed primarily from Mariane Pearl’s perspective, which makes sense considering the movie is based on her book. It feels and looks like a documentary. The dialog is all very real, which in a way is part of the problem. In real life, everyday dialog can become boring. There’s a lot in this movie that doesn’t seem to have much purpose. It’s like watching a reality TV show with contrived conflict.
And this is where I believe the film falls short. The viewer doesn’t get a real feel for the conflict because we never see Daniel Pearl in captivity. We don’t even see his kidnapping. At the end of the film we learn that Daniel Pearl had made two escape attempts. I would have been more involved in the film had I been able to empathize with his plight. As it is filmed here, the closest you get to knowing what he is experiencing is from photos sent via the Internet.
Still, the movie does create a believable level of suspense despite knowing the outcome at the outset. If there was a musical soundtrack, I sure didn’t pick up on it. Soundtracks are supposed to be inconspicuous, but they can

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.89145
Retrieved Text: See it if you enjoy: Drama, Biographies, Addiction, Oscar Movies, Cultural Issues.
Manchester by the Sea, One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest, Dallas Buyers Club.
Based on the memoirs of a real father and son David and Nic Sheff, Beautiful Boy requires stellar performances by the two main actors as well as the supporting cast and it delivers just that. There are moments in this movie where I felt like I was watching Steve Carell with his son, which is obviously the point, but many times actors miss the mark. Being a father myself, there are subtle moments that stand out. The way a parent looks at their child, these tiny moments they themselves will almost never be aware of. The way a parent must put on a show for their children appearing strong and in control of a situation only to be followed by brokenness the moment they are not watching. Even from the opening scene, it is clear Carell is doing some of his best work here portraying David Sheff, a caring father doing everything he can to raise his son to be a healthy, content, and successful young man. It is one thing to deliver a line, but the real acting takes place in the silence. The camera stays on Carell for the opening scene, allowing us to see the defeat in Sheff’s eyes, leaving us wondering how this man got here. Timothée Chalamet accompanies Carell’s solid performance with an Oscar worthy showing of his own. He portrays Nic Sheff in a way that is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.88151
Retrieved Text: Anyone as disappointed as we were with Taken 3, the only other Liam Neeson movie so far in 2015, can rest assured that Run All Night is a far superior movie. In fact, it may be a better Taken sequel than, well, any of the Taken sequels.
However, don’t go in expecting an entirely different movie, either; just one that has some of the familiar beats, but executed in a much more entertaining and, surprisingly, emotional manner. As with Neeson’s breakout action franchise, there are some sinister forces which threaten his family and Neeson has to go the limit in order to protect them; you know it well, we know it well, anyone who watched Taken and its inferior sequels knows it well, it’s nothing particularly new.
That being said, director Jaume Collet-Serra – reuniting with Neeson for a third time after Unknown and Non-Stop – does at least attempt to up the dramatic stakes with this film; instead of a former CIA agent, Neeson plays an alcoholic criminal with strong personal ties to Ed Harris’ mob leader Shawn Maguire (okay, EastEnders fans, get it all out of your system), and any remaining ties to family, particularly estranged son Michael (Joel Kinnaman), have been irrevocably damaged before the film even begins. Neeson here plays something closer to A Walk Among The Tombstones’ Matthew Scudder than Taken’s Bryan Mills, and though Tombstones is probably a better movie than Run All Night it’s good to see Neeson being given this sort of character by Collet-Serra that’s more interesting and thus

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: [a] strong piece of work . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.899499
Retrieved Text: The Tunturi Boxing bag bisonyl 150 cm is very suitable to let of steam after a hard day at work or for someone who likes to do combat training at home. The punching bag is made of solid and strong bisonyl material. This bisonyl is made out of one piece which makes the punching bag very durable and firm. The hanging loops of the punching bags are extra strong because they are double stitched.
The Tunturi Boxing bag bisonyl 120 cm is very suitable to let of steam after a hard day at work or for someone who likes to do combat training at home. The punching bag is made of solid and strong bisonyl material. This bisonyl is made out of one piece which makes the punching bag very durable and firm. The hanging loops of the punching bags are extra strong because they are double stitched.
The Tunturi Boxing bag bisonyl 70 cm is very suitable to let of steam after a hard day at work or for someone who likes to do combat training at home. The punching bag is made of solid and strong bisonyl material. This bisonyl is made out of one piece which makes the punching bag very durable and firm. The hanging loops of the punching bags are extra strong because they are double stitched.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.544103
Retrieved Text: A) Visual Composition: Our opinion on the overall composition of the piece or pieces. To us this meant how well presented, purposeful and finished looking (or purposely unfinished or raw) the piece(s) were. Was there a strong thought behind where everything in the composition went? How successful was this?
B) Ability to explain the concept: This is a bit subjective, but it's important, in our opinion, when creating art to be able to succinctly explain what it is you're trying to accomplish when needed to... or to at least be able to get the point across visually in the piece. We used the write-ups and how well the concept was explained in this section.
C) Depth of Concept: Is this a "what you see is what you get" kind of piece or series, or are there multiple layers conceptually that work together to create a piece with more depth emotionally or mentally. How much does this work make the viewer think?
D) Overall: Our own selfish tastes that we gravitated towards.
We chose Dorit Ruff with our 1st prize as we felt Dorit's two pieces showcased a strong ability to work with color, texture, and changing line/brush weights to create a strong composition. We also felt that because Dorit wrote all the poetry that went into these pieces, it added an extra layer of personalization and concept. We really thought that represented the parameters of the composition very well. Dorit's use of color was intelligent and you can see that in "Embroiders" how the red highlight color is carried throughout

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.512792
Retrieved Text: This Shop Fox wood lathe is a strong piece of metal that is ready to help you create the craftsmanship you desire.
This wood lathe is a strong and sturdy tool. Weighing in at just over 300 pounds, the Shop Fox W1758 wood lathe is a heavy piece of machinery, but that has its perks. For the avid user, the strong support will be much appreciated as it fends off vibration that can hinder the tidiness of the work.
The cast iron bed and the stable legs provide for a durable machine, ready to work for hours on end. The ten speeds between 600-2400 RPM also provide a wide range of ability, ready for what you need, and the lever control will ensure you get the right speed. The rotating headstock with a full 180 degree rotation will also allow you to make bigger creations more accurately and precisely, giving you a more beautiful piece of wood as an outcome.
The 6-inch faceplate and the tool rest with a swivel arm base are just two of the many pieces that make this machine a delight to use and a great addition to your tool belt. The price is also too good to be matched! The lathe is rounded out by its powerful 2 horsepower, 110v motor, ready to work for years to come.
This Shop Fox machine is able to work for hours on end. With its sturdy base and well-designed motor, you can work wood piece after piece until your hearts content. The plethora of additions to this lathe

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.935334
Retrieved Text: This cut has a nice retro texture with strong prog leanings and a very nice rock riff for a time. It is a great, fairly hard rocking jam.
Starting with spoken samples, weirdness takes the piece as it begins a slow build. The cut remains in a weird ethereal sort of style throughout, changing only marginally as it continues.
With a keyboard intro that feels a bit like a James Bond theme, this composition starts a slow build into some of the most traditional prog material on the album. It gets somewhat fusion oriented after a time. This is a very strong jam that covers quite a bit of musical territory.
Another that starts with atmospheric weirdness, this one gets down right creepy at times. It breaks down later into a great percussion mode. It feels a bit like modern King Crimson at times.
Breaking into a fast paced jazzy prog texture, the Hammond organ that dominates sections of the cut imparts a retro sort of style. It rocks out hard later with some guitar that absolutely smokes. It drops to a fairly mainstream more sedate and slower section.
More weirdness starts this cut. It builds very slowly with a rhythmic texture eventually taking over. It features more strong guitar work.
Starting with textural modes, this one begins in a gradual way, various patterns emerging. It eventually dissolves down to silence.
A great mainstream prog sort of texture begins this one. A gradual building on that style takes the piece for quite some time, then a minor shift happens with some strong screaming

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.750742
Retrieved Text: A crack hammer is a heavy hammer that is used for breaking rocks and chisel work. Some people call them sledge hammers or hand sledges. They are produced in different sizes to suit people of different strength and different types of work. Always wear eye protection when using these tools.
This is the small 2-pound crack hammer. It is used for chisel work or breaking small rocks and masonry materials. The head and handle are forged from a single piece of steel, and the soft grip is designed to reduce the vibrations of impact. Length: 10.75".
This hammer is much easier to control and is less fatiguing than the heavier hammers. Remember that accurate hits break more rocks than wild bashes.
This is the meduim 3-pound crack hammer. It is used for chisel work and breaking rocks or masonry materials. This hammer is for an experienced person with strong hands. The head and handle are forged from a single piece of steel, and the soft grip is designed to reduce the vibrations of impact. Length: 11".
This is the heavy 4-pound crack hammer. It is used for chisel work and breaking larger rocks or masonry materials. The head and handle are forged from a single piece of steel, and the soft grip is designed to reduce the vibrations of impact.
This hammer is HEAVY. It is recommended for a strong, experienced person who can deliver an accurate hit and control the hammer after impact. If you do not have strong hands and forearms, this is probably the wrong hammer. Length: 11.25".
This

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.731908
Retrieved Text: Julie Bagby’s innovative visualization of ‘thought’, is purposefully realized in this accomplished abstract work. This modern piece has achieved a loose, yet finished result through its unique architecture. The strong distribution of harmonized color, unifies the piece as a whole. Bagby’s commanding strokes, and tones, reveal an uncommon physicality in this notable painting.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.661159
Retrieved Text: One of our shower shelves has been coming detached. Apparently, the vendor we used didn't measure as good as he should have and skimped on the adhesive.
Now, I'm trying to figure out how to hold an approximately 3 pound piece of marble up while the epoxy dries. The quick-drying stuff doesn't work.
Without seeing it, Possibly a load bar that is used by semi drivers? A rigged up Carpet stretcher?
An adjustable painters handle that is long enough to go from the opposite corner to the piece at a 45 degree or so angle that you can wedge against it while the adhesive dries. Is the material that you are adhering it to stable (dry/strong)?
Yes, it's dry and strong...althought I'll have to scrape away any remaining epoxy.
Maybe i'm missing something but what about cutting a piece of wood and shimming it in place until your adhesive cures?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.660997
Retrieved Text: Pierre Williams' work moves all who see it. Crafted from an undeniably strong sense of personal experience and life narrative, each piece begs questions about the human condition, hope, change and longing. Pierre poetically transforms his art into stories that land with anyone who has contemplated their life and position within our world. The decoration sits ajar from the works’ titles, prompting further exploration of the meaning. The lustres suggest the preciousness in us all, even pugilists, a reference common through his work, striking a chord with anyone who has had to fight or struggle for change in their existence. And through all of this meaning, there is a an encapsulating, joyous curiosity of beauty in each and every piece.
Pierre studied ceramics at Cardiff Universiity and now lives and works in Herefordshire. He has been internationally exhibited, won numerous awards for his sculptural ceramics, been featured on BBC television and has had his work feature in numerous ceramic and general interest publications. Pierre counts Sir Roy Strong. Sir Derek Jacobi and John Allen FRCA as committed collectors of his work. The Stratford Gallery is very honoured and proud to be counted as representation for this important British artist.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.646301
Retrieved Text: We are delighted to present just some case studies on the work Harding & Yorke have done over the years. Each piece of work that we embarked on was different and verbal references are available for those of you that require more information. The vast majority of our work begins with an Empathy Audit and benchmark which examines 'how it feels to be a customer' and 'how it feels to be processed' - this analysis and experiential feedback gives strong foundations for client organisations to catalyse action and build a strong customer centric strategy for the future.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.633876
Retrieved Text: "Find a job that you love and you will never have to work a day in your life" - ancient Chinese proverb.
I love designing and making original pieces, whether bowls or furniture, functional or inspirational, I love the process of bringing a piece to life.
The design process for me ranges from very strong preconceived ideas to extremely free work where the design evolves as the piece is made.
Working with wood has always felt natural for me, the tools I use vary greatly according to what the individual piece demands. Turning, hand carving, power carving, bandsawing, scorching with a blowtorch - whatever it takes to get that finished object to where I think it needs to be.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.510577
Retrieved Text: Each rug is a unique piece of art representing layers of storytelling and imagination by local award-winning artist – Jacqui Gibbs Chamberlain.
Strong, bold colours and abstract images overlap, weaving a rich story and creating a compelling, impactful piece of art. A past winner of the highly-esteemed CoCa Award, Jacqui’s works are both timeless and collectable, and are as striking when decorating a floor as they are when hanging on the walls.
As each rug is made to measure these designs can also be produced in any size, texture and shape you require.
During her daily walks across the Port Levy Marae, the artist is frequently accompanied by a native fantail, represented in this piece.
This work is all about contrast, the warm, voluptuous colours inside the poppy in stark contrast to the soft, cream colour of the background.
Music is magic - it inspires and invigorates us on a daily basis. In this work, simple shapes blend with strong colours to reflect that majesty.
Explores the shapes and forms that make up barbed wire, so harsh in appearance but beautiful and intriguing in its own right.
A lone sheep wanders across the horizon, an image which perfectly embodies rural life on the Banks Peninsula.
This work is all about the journey of life and the people whose paths we cross, with strong references to the Beatles’ iconic Abbey Road album cover.
Surrounded by sea and land, the 'movement' in this work represents the unpredictable nature of the environment in which we live.
Inspired by the vibrant colours and shapes of the stunning Pohutakawa tree outside

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.468878
Retrieved Text: Our Amish Burlington has a unique contemporary design. The table, which appears as though it should end at a solid wood slab base, is built upon a pedestal-like slab. The clean lines, yet strong features of the design will work well in a contemporary or modern home, and can work in a slightly formal setting as well.
Other features of this piece include four square legs, and open design, and a drawer under the solid wood top.
Shown in a trendy grey, this piece can be customized by selecting the wood type, finish, and hardware of your choice.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.462535
Retrieved Text: What a fabulous piece under Brunel Way by the distinctive Sepr. I love his work, which is so easy on the eye and has a strong retro cartoon feel to it. Part of an ASK paint jam, this piece features a dog in a smart suit performing with a little human glove puppet.
Sepr’s work pretty much always raises a smile and is always of such high quality. It is easy to see his tattoo artist roots in his clean lines and original designs. Truly one of Bristol’s very best artists and he keeps on turning out outstanding work.
I thought that too, but changed my mind.
Can I ask you why?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.45957
Retrieved Text: When thinking of a idea of this dance piece, Lukas Timulak couldn't stop thinking about the fact that the premiere coincided perfectly with the due date of his baby to be. Quite naturally, the upcoming birth of his child became a strong source of inspiration of the new creation. Furthermore, Peter Biľak, who helped with visual aspects of the piece, had become a father just a few months earlier. ‘Offspring’ captures this unique life experience in the form of a dance performance. It is a highly personal piece, which should still work without knowledge of Lukas’ situation.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.45711
Retrieved Text: ‘Dinning Out’ is a unique reclaimed metal sculpture that is mostly comprised of spoons and forks as well as found metal, as expressed in the witty title; it is a powerful sculpture that plays with materials to explore mark and light. Williams’ works are most commonly animal and nature based subjects that allow him to demonstrate a keen observation of visual aesthetics, he strives to capture the life and character of his subject which makes each piece highly unique.
This piece has concentrated on the form of the eagle in flight, suggested by the title that it is hunting the eyes are narrowed and focused as it searches. The broad spread wings are cleverly crafted from layering spoons to express the texture of the bird’s feathers on the underside while the strong, sharp blades of metal exude from the wings to give length and suggest the recognisable long feathers that the eagle shows in flight.
Williams has cleverly used the forks in the neck and body of the eagle to show the tighter looking feathers that birds possess along the neck, the thick bunching of plumage that nestles to the body has been executed brilliantly in the prongs on the forks to keep a repeating pattern flowing through the work. The strong feet clasp on to the base reflected with thick bicycle chains contorting which forms the recognisable claws of the bird. Adjoining the feet, the legs have been crafted from cogs and bicycle gears which have been fused to give a jagged appearance, expressing the ruffled feathers

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.450538
Retrieved Text: Momen Lucu One Piece Sub Indo. One Piece Film Strong Worldyears after his escape from Impel Down the Golden Lion, the legendary pirate Shiki reappears causing massive upheaval to the Marines. Subtitle indonesia one piece strong world subscene. Streaming Film One Piece Film Strong World Nonton Lemony Snicket’ s A Series of Unfortunate Events ( ) Online Nonton Oddball ( ) Online Nonton The 13th Warrior ( 1999) Online Nonton Batman: Mask of the Phantasm ( 1993) Online Nonton In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale ( ) Online Nonton The Matrix Revolutions ( ) Online.
One Piece - Strong World - Strohhut Mafia VS Shiki' s Crew auf Deutsch!
Missing You @ I Miss You » Korean Drama Synopsis, Details, Cast and other info of all Korean Drama TV Series. Movie Subtitle of One Piece Film Strong World Download Subtitle with SRT file and in any language.
Sinopsis One Piece Movie Strong World Subtitle Indonesia. Mеnсеrіtаkаn 20 tаhun ѕеtеlаh mеlаrіkаn dіrі dаrі Imреl Dоwn, bајаk lаut Shіkі lеgеndаrіѕ “ Gоldеn Lіоn” munсul kеmbаlі mеnуеbаbkаn реrgоlаkаn bеѕаr- bеѕаrаn kераdа kubu Mаrіnіr. Nonton Online One Piece: Strong World Subtitle Indonesia Sinopsis One Piece: Strong World Sub Indo Mеnсеrіtаkаn 20 tаhun ѕеtеlаh mеlаrіkаn dіrі dаrі Imреl Dоwn, bајаk lаut Shіkі lеgеndаrіѕ “ Gоldеn Lіоn” munсul kеmbаlі mеnуеbаbkаn реrgоlаkаn bеѕаr- bеѕаrаn kераdа kubu Mаrіnіr.
One Piece Film: Strong World Subtitle Indonesia Setelah mendengar kabar bahwa pulau- pulau di East Blue sedang hancur, Monkey D.
Luffy dan krunya pergi. One Piece Subtitle Indonesia Gol D.
Roger was known as the “ Pirate King,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.387009
Retrieved Text: The Super Rollers present their own blend of blues, soul, indie, funk, reggae and rock 'n' roll from the 50s and 60s to the present day.
This lively 4-piece function band can also be extended to a 5-piece to include Keyboards or a 7-piece to include sax and trumpet for that extra wow factor.
With members of the band having performed in front of 10,000 strong crowds, it's not surprising that these guys know how to get a crowd going! Their joint experience includes live sessions on Mark Lamars' Radio 2 show, Channel Fours flagship music program; T4, session work for 'Scary Spice' and a whole array of other live work to add to their resume.
If it's no-nonsense Rock and Roll you're after, The Super Rollers are the perfect function band to get the crowd on their feet.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.367319
Retrieved Text: I have always been fascinated with the found object; the overlooked and discarded have long been a source of inspiration for my work.
Each piece of jewelry I create is individually handcrafted and collaged to transform eco-friendly, recycled paper, paint, wood, metal and stone into the perfect balance of art and nature.
My goal is to capture a sense of the natural enviroment - awe inspiring patterns, fantastic color and balance of design are very strong elements in my work.
My collections are unique small works of wearable art that allow the viewer to choose a piece that resonates with his or her own unique style and passions.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.350867
Retrieved Text: “Show just ONE piece of new work , on its own. Naked. This would be a strong statement saying, ‘LOOK AT THIS’– there is nothing else to look at, so look harder.
I thought that if the piece of work was any good then this approach would work but of course it’s exposing oneself completely. If the work is not thorough and complete, and made with care and skill, it will not stand up to this kind of scrutiny. This is the point of ONE.
There is so much work out there these days, but alot of it would not stand up on its own like this. Equally there is too much work that hides behind complicated and even meaningless jargon. ONE is designed as an antidote to the growing number of shows exhibiting badly made work based on inaccessible concepts.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.341633
Retrieved Text: "We'd like to release a work that is bright and difficult to play and can be played even in the beginner's band." This is the request from FOSTERMUSIC I originally received when I wrote this song in April of 2018.
The piece begins with a strong fanfare featuring a wide variety of melodies and themes that give the impression of gliding through the sky, then reaches a more subdued and relaxed feeling in the middle of the piece.
In composing this piece, I combine the sky with the image of the future, in hoping that those who play this piece would take a step forward in some way, look to the sky, and spread their wings. I want each performer to shine in their own way. These are the thoughts I have incorporated into this piece.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.292119
Retrieved Text: This piece is scored for a large array of standard percussion instruments including brake drums, woodblocks, glockenspiel, cowbells, marimba, bass drum, and even muted Chinese gongs.
1st place winner in the 1994 PAS Composition Contest! This rhythmically exciting piece for 4 players has it all.
Written for the composer and Gordon Stout to play when they were both at Eastman, 'Three Moods' is a piece that requires sensitive musicianship and strong technique.
This is a very interesting and satisfying work for marimba and piano which was originally written for marimba and strings. The development of the musical material is beautifully controlled and the marimba part is challenging but completely idiomatic.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.2763815
Retrieved Text: Kilkenny Limestone is a hard limestone quarried in the centre of Ireland, and has adorned many Irish and foreign buildings as well as being the main stone of choice for Irish sculptors.
Valentia Slate is sourced from a small quarry on Valentia Island, Co. Kerry, one of the most scenic places in Ireland. It was famously used to roof the Houses of Parliament in London.
They can be displayed indoors on a wooden stand (offered with the piece) or hung on a strong wall fixture.
Outdoors, they can also be hung on a strong wall fixture or they can also work well incorporated into the garden amongst rocks, plants or other garden features. They can also be set into a wall. Please specify this before you want to buy a piece and Sonia can help attach the right fixtures.
All these pieces can be done to order.
Each piece is individually hand-carved working on the same design, so they may all vary slightly.
Contact Sonia directly to order one and to discuss costs, payment and postage.
Alternatively, Sonia can create pieces to your own design by commission.
Kilcoe Studios, Kilcoe, Skibbereen, West Cork, Ireland.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.245166
Retrieved Text: Patrick Lee, American painter, b. 1972.
Patrick Lee takes a unique creative approach to making paintings in the studio and en plein air. He draws heavily on intuition and imagination to develop an image, often altering the drawing, color, and spatial relationships to create a mood and express a feeling about the subject. This often leads to strong elements of abstraction and suggestion in his work, rather than explicit detail. This gives the viewer an opportunity to connect with each piece in their own way, inviting them to let their own imaginations make personal associations and connections.
Patrick Lee Patrick Lee, American painter, b. 1972. Patrick Lee takes a unique creative approach to making paintings in the studio and en plein air. He draws heavily on intuition and imagination to develop an image, often altering the drawing, color, and spatial relationships to create a mood and express a feeling about the subject. This often leads to strong elements of abstraction and suggestion in his work, rather than explicit detail. This gives the viewer an opportunity to connect with each piece in their own way, inviting them to let their own imaginations make personal associations and connections.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.23086
Retrieved Text: other side of my viking landing scene. this is my second tattoo. Wanted a big piece to work around. Getting ready to add more soon. Photography isn't my strong suit.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.209719
Retrieved Text: A distinctive work standing the crossroads of sculpture and carpentry, the Accacio basin combines contemporary design details with the hard-wearing properties of Romanian Acacia wood (Robinia Pseudoacacia).
Based on a unique design developed by OM Architectural Studios and handcrafted over almost 3 weeks, each Accacio piece is a unique and precious object. Produced using nautical “cold molding” technology, the Accacio basin is the perfect melding of form and function. A piece with a strong personality, Accacio represents the right choice for the refined bathroom.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.207153
Retrieved Text: On an aesthetic level this piece comes across as rather ‘Regal’. There is something rich about it that makes it work. I worried about the overall cohesion of the design. The Chasing of the floral elements is very good. I am particularly pleased with the height of the flowers above the background and I am very pleased with the leaf effect separating those flowers, but there is a little tension between the two elements. If there is anything about this piece that is weak it is the ‘strength’ of the flowers opposed to the ‘softness’ of the leaf motif. I had not intended to use stones when I started but their use became essential as the piece progressed. I am glad I took the time to use the stones, they tied everything together very well by adding an underlying feeling of richness. In someways the stones become, if not dominant, at least central to the whole piece. They are not just stones for the sake of using stones.
This bracelet is a good strong example of the progression of my work from piece to piece. It contains some very traditional effects as well as use of new Chasing techniques I have learned and continue to develop. The introduction of precious stones in my work is something I have been planning for a some time and their use here actually succeeded in making this bracelet work on an aesthetic level.
The basic smithing is good: the folding over of the fine silver edge came out very well and was

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.177941
Retrieved Text: Is a two minute work for a contemporary dance. Hope you enjoy.
I love your two minutes work, but I guess it take more then two minutes to make it.
took a few more. More than I want to remember.
Thanks and Holiday cheers to you as well Kenta.
Nice movement to the piece - short but I guess it had to be! What sounds did you use?
This has both lightness (from the woodwind) and power (coming from the low strings). It would be an excellent piece for some exploratory dance. Good one, Charlie!
piece looking for a company. I've actually done a vid for this. A sort of comp using an existing dance and it works very well. I'll post it soon for anyone interested. Any choreographers around here?
Man, you do such excellent work--amen!
way too kind Micheal but I like it.
A strong rhythm (surprise!) and a nice sense of pace, but this also has some expression to it for the dancers to react to. All round, strong and eminently suited to the stated purpose, so I hope someone gets to dance to it.
I got rhythm. I GOT RHYTHM...who could ask for anything more?
An impressive two minutes. There's a triumphant atmosphere in this. Much enjoyed!
wife says that about me all the time.
And even nicer to see the dancers perform with it. Very cool indeed.
you got a chance to view the vid.
many things I'm not so good at.
how you see this piece presented. I thought it would back horses running free across a prairie or any other group like zebras running across

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.1274
Retrieved Text: Buy Japanese secateurs: <ul><strong><li>One piece forged high carbon steel</li><li>Long-lasting sharpness and precise cut</li><li>Thicker handle for superior strength</li></strong></ul><br><b>Rated one of the best performing secateurs by BBC Gardeners’ World Magazine, with a score of 17/20 (January 2015).</b><br><br>Forged in Japan from a single piece of high carbon steel, this extremely high quality tool is built for superior performance and a long life.<br><br>Made with traditional forging and grinding techniques, executed by industrial machinery, the blade is shaped using a numerical control grinding system for exceptional sharpness and precision.<br><br>Combining this razor sharp blade with a chunky ergonomic handle designed to fit in hand perfectly, the secateurs make light work of cutting thick branches as well as general pruning.<br><br>Includes leather blade cap and beautifully authentic luxury gift box.<br><br>Please note: to preserve the integrity of the blade, branches must be cut at an angle.<br><br>Measurements:<br>L20cm<br><br>Choose the right secateurs for you:<ul><li>T-13: Strong, slim handle, suitable for general branch cutting.</li><li>T-21: Heavy duty handle, suitable for thick branch cutting.</li><li>T-25: Smaller version of T-13 secateurs, popular amongst female gardeners, strong, slim handle, suitable for general branch cutting.</li></ul><br>Please note: it is an offence to sell knives and other cutting tools to persons under the age of 18 years.
Rated one of the best performing secateurs by BBC Gardeners’ World Magazine, with a score of 17/20 (January 2015).
Forged in Japan from a single piece of high carbon steel, this extremely high quality tool is built for superior performance and a long life.
Made with traditional forging and grinding techniques, executed by industrial machinery, the blade is shaped using a numerical control grinding

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.1199665
Retrieved Text: fabric is hand sewn in West Africa. Each piece is one of a kind. The patterns and colors are simple and subtle, but unique and strong. They work in a wide range of spaces. 12" x 20"

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.092135
Retrieved Text: Michael Hughes, trading as Ronald Locke Upholstery, has been servicing Sydney for over 50 years. We uphold a work place full of friendly staff that have the obligation to give you free quotes and over the phone advice.
We not only recover modern Furniture, we improve it at the same time.
Our prospective clients often ask why recover?
The answer is a strong frame, a comfortable piece to sit in and if the piece fits into your room, a change of Fabric gives you a completely new lounge.

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.70155
Retrieved Text: The Weybourne war memorial has been rededicated in a new memorial garden following completion of work to improve the tribute to local people who died during the first and second world wars.
The main memorial plaque lists 12 people who died during the second world war and is now proudly mounted on a new marble memorial. A memorial garden has also been designed and created for reflection and quiet contemplation.
The rededication service was presided over by Reverend Alan Crawley from the Parish of Badshot Lea and Hale. He was joined by the Mayor of Farnham, members of the Royal British Legion, 4th Battalion Prince of Wales Royal Regiment, Weybourne Hall Committee members, pupils from local schools and people who worked on supporting the project to ensure it was completed in time for Remembrance Sunday. The new garden was funded by Farnham Town Council, the Village Hall Committee and Glendale Ltd.
Councillor David Attfield, Mayor of Farnham thanked everybody who had been involved in the project and rededication service. He said: “As we approach the centenary of the end of the First World War, it is a time to remember the bravery and dedication of all those who gave their lives fighting for their country.
The dedication service included prayers, readings by children from All Hallows, Badshot Lea, Barfield School, Heath End and William Cobbett, and a blessing of the memorial. The service concluded with everybody singing the National Anthem.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.320217
Retrieved Text: For over 100 years Australians have been involved in conflicts in an effort to preserve our democracy, our freedom and our way of life.
These conflicts have included the Boer War, WW1, WW2, Korean War, Malayan Emergency, Vietnam War, Indonesian Confrontation, Gulf War, Afghanistan, Iraq and service in peacekeeping forces from 1947 to the present day.
Repeatedly, Australian service men and women have proudly distinguished themselves by answering the call of our Allies, and have built a reputation for bravery, skill and sacrifice.
Here today, on ANZAC Day, we reflect upon the dedication of these brave men and women who sacrificed so much. We solemnly honour and pay respect to their bravery and courage. We honour their heroism, tenacity, and resilience.
Specifically today, we mark the 103rd anniversary of ANZAC landing at Gallipoli during the First World War, but this year we also mark the 100th anniversary of Armistice, the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Bismark Sea and the final beach battles of Buna and Sanananda which pushed the enemy further from Australian Shores. It has also been 50 years since the Vietnam War’s Tet Offensive and the battles of Baria and Beb Hoa.
We remember all the men and women who died or were injured while serving our country during these and all conflicts past and present.
… and, in remembering, we commit ourselves to peace, understanding and tolerance because that is what our fallen fought for.
I believe our city is a wonderful example of how people of all backgrounds and beliefs can live together harmoniously, accepting and respecting

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.32294
Retrieved Text: A marvelously written work! Stout...offers stirring firsthand accounts of the strategies and doctrines that won the air war over Europe.
When World War II began, the U.S. Army Air Corps numbered only 45,000 men and a few thousand aircraft--hardly enough to defend the United States, let alone defeat Germany's Luftwaffe, the world's most formidable air force. Yet by the war's end, the Luftwaffe had been crushed, and the U.S. Army Air Forces, successor to the Air Corps, had delivered the decisive blows. The Men Who Killed the Luftwaffe tells the story of that striking transformation--one of the marvels of modern warfare--while simultaneously thrusting readers into whirling, heart-pounding accounts of aerial combat.
The Allies couldn't defeat Hitler's Third Reich without destroying its industry and taking its territory, but before they could do either, they had to neutralize the Luftwaffe, whose state-of-the-art aircraft and battle-seasoned pilots stood ready to batter any attackers. Great Britain's Royal Air Force was only barely holding the line, and the might of the United States was needed to turn the tide.
Almost from scratch, the United States built an air force of more than two million men. Thanks to the visionary leadership of Henry "Hap" Arnold, Carl "Tooey" Spaatz, Ira Eaker, James Doolittle, and others, the USAAF assembled a well-trained and superbly equipped force unlike any ever fielded. And thanks to the brave Americans who crewed, maintained, and supported the aircraft, the USAAF annihilated the Luftwaffe as it pounded targets deep inside Germany and elsewhere.
A stirring tribute to these men as well as an engaging work

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.295216
Retrieved Text: Help Send a Veteran "Back to the War Zone"
"Tomb of the Unknown Soldier"
Maximize your event's emotional impact and audience appeal with one of the most impressive & memorable tributes to our military pride & respect.
Our 80% mobile replica is a truly majestic and inspiring tribute that everyone who experiences it will remember and anticipate forever.
Patriotism starts with the young!
Educating our young people about the impotance of upholding our traditions, history, and of honoring our warrior's bravery and sacrifices is the highest priority of every tribute.
"A society that ignores history, is doomed to repeat it."
We are proud to have been invited to join the crew, dignitaries and guests of the historic "Battleship USS Iowa" at this year's honoring of our brave warriors who fell while serving our country.
In further tribute to our brave heroes, our majestic replica of the "Tomb of the Unknowns" gave credence to the importance, honor and respect that this day so reverently deserves.
Our mobile "Tomb of the Unknowns" is the only replica authorized by the Army Corps of Engineers containing the actual 3-D relief of the three Greek Images representing War, Peace and Valor on the front panel.
The occasion was highlighted by U.S. Congressman Steve Knight along with several veteran, military, as well as local, state and national officials. Our traveling tribute was reverently dedicated on Memorial Day in order to properly honor the bravery, commitment and sacrifice of all those who have fallen in defense of freedom, both at home and around the world.
Dedicated to the memory of all of our KIA,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.702364
Retrieved Text: Prime Minister Stephen Harper and his wife Laureen pay their respects during the Remembrance Day Ceremony at the National War Memorial.
“Today we remember the courage and dedication of the Canadian men and women who have fought valiantly over the years to defend our freedom and rights, making it possible for us to live in a peaceful, democratic country where we enjoy one of the best qualities of life in the world.
“For the past two centuries, hundreds of thousands of Canadians have earned enormous respect – at home and abroad – by answering the call to fight against tyranny and evil around the world in engagements such as the First and Second World Wars, the Korean War, Afghanistan and many other international military operations. Those who fought so valiantly in these battlefields are still honoured and remembered in places such as Vimy Ridge, Ypres, Normandy, Sicily, Hill 355 in Korea, and Kandahar to name a few. Many made the ultimate sacrifice.
“It is our duty to remember the Canadians who so selflessly defended our freedom. That is why the commemorations of the 100th anniversary of the First World War and the 75th anniversary of the Second World War are two of the major milestones on the Road to 2017. As we recall our proud history, let us also remember how early Canadians, First Nations and Métis people fought together like never before in the War of 1812 to repel an American invasion, laying the foundation for an independent Canada.
“Remembrance Day also provides an opportunity to pay tribute to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.264221
Retrieved Text: In the midst of the annual Rolling Thunder motorcycle rally, a solitary Marine pays simple tribute to those United States Marines who have fallen for us all. This is a very unique tribute, one that touched the hearts of all who were there and continues to be just a stirring today. The tribute came without planning or attention — just a silent salute to honor the brave men and women who gave the ultimate sacrifice for their country.
Known simply as the Standing Marine, Staff Sgt. Tim Chambers attends the Rolling Thunder motorcycle rally, an annual event to honor veterans. Wearing his dress uniform, Chambers silently stands for hours in the hot sun holding a salute while thousands of fellow veterans on motorcycles ride past him. The physical toll of holding the salute must be enormous, but his inner will, determination, and dedication to honor the fallen held him steady and became one of the most moving tributes imaginable.
Describing the actions of this USMC veteran is one thing, but there really are no words for how stirring this really is. Watch the video below for yourself, and please share it with everyone you know to keep his tribute going and remember those who gave their lives for the sake of freedom.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.493443
Retrieved Text: 2014 memorial cross display on Celtic Way, Bleadon.
DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THE FALLEN SOLDIERS?
Bleadon resident Patrick White, assisted by local businesses, has made a poignant tribute to those from Bleadon who died in 'The Great War' (1914-1918).
Sergeant Edgar Charles Goodman (Research by Stephen Davies, a fellow at the Hong Kong Institute for the Humanities and Social Sciences) More information available on request.
Dear Ashli, Please use the site contact form and send us a message to clarify your comment request, thank you.
Excellent commentary . I was enlightened by the analysis ! Does anyone know where my business might be able to get ahold of a sample a form form to fill in ?
1/1st North Somerset Yeomanry (Territorial Force).
Later promoted to the rank of Sergeant, Victor Tutton was killed on 13 May 1915 during the fighting on the Frezenberg Ridge, with the 1/1st North Somerset Yeomanry positioned to the north of Railway Wood. His obituary in The Western Daily Press described him as: “a finely-built young man, of 24, and was as greatly beloved by his comrades for his modesty as for his bravery.” On 25 August 1915, the London Gazette published notification that Sergeant Tutton had been awarded the Russian St George Medal for Bravery, Second Class (No. 2968). He has no known grave and is commemorated on Panel 5 of the Ypres (Menin Gate) Memorial. The register records that Sergeant Tutton’s parents later lived at “Kia-Ora”, in the village of Bleadon, near Weston-super-Mare. He is also remembered on the memorial at Bleadon, but is incorrectly

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.933992
Retrieved Text: As you are probably aware, 2014 brings the centenary of the start of the First World War. Hailed by contemporaries as The War To End All Wars and often referred to as the Great War, this titanic conflict between the major European players saw disastrous destruction on a previously unthinkable, industrial scale. There can be no suggestion that this awful tragedy should be in any way celebrated. Yet the struggle left Britain, and, indeed, most of Western Europe, with a legacy with which, a century later, we are still coming to terms. That being the case, along with many other institutions the length of the country, we here at the Museum felt it important to commemorate the onset of those horrific years. To that end we shall be staging three exhibitions.
Everybody’s Darling: The First World War Nurse.
By means of informative text, prints and pictures, objects from the time and interactive sections, the exhibition concerns the range of nursing groups left to cope with the human cost of the War, and in particular the role of the women who served as nurses. These mainly privileged young ladies could find themselves operating nearer to the fighting than in any war to that date, with all the terror that might bring. Everybody’s Darling pays tribute to the dedication and heroism of women whose bravery and suffering has sometimes been side-lined by the titanic battles with whose woeful aftermath they had to deal.
Last Post: Remembering the First World War.
This intriguing exhibition examines the part played in the War by the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.892893
Retrieved Text: This Fallen Firefighet Red Casket Wrap is a wonderful tribute to a life lived with bravery, selflessness and dedication known throughout the fire service. This full vinyl wrap features a red marble-textured background with a black banner and shield adorning its middle section. Additional customization is also available. The design allows for seamless application regardless of casket material.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.781578
Retrieved Text: Lord Ashcroft, the Conservative peer, insists the memory of every hero - from the most humble to the holders of Victoria Crosses - must be honoured by caring for the memorials to them.
Remembrance Day and war memorials: the twin pillars that we in Britain use to pay tribute to the fallen from two world wars and other global conflicts.
The first of these pillars, Remembrance Day (and in this category I, of course, include Remembrance Sunday), is, thank goodness, in fine fettle.
It is an established tradition dating back to the end of the First World War which, since the recent conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, rightly seems to have grown in importance in the national calendar.
I have no doubt that Remembrance Day will be sacrosanct in the eyes of the public for many decades to come.
Yet the second of these pillars, our war memorials, are increasingly at risk from a mindless criminal element who, quite unbelievably, seem to think the plaques on monuments have a greater value as scrap metal than they do reminding the nation of the ultimate sacrifice paid by those defending our country.
I find it absolutely repugnant that new evidence has shown that the number of raids on memorials by metal thieves has doubled in the past six weeks.
How can anyone in their right mind defile a tribute to those who have given their lives for our freedom and the freedom of millions of others around the world?
Over the past 25 years, I have built up the world's largest collection of Victoria Crosses (VCs),

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.643635
Retrieved Text: The present book is the story of gallant sons of Indian soil. They staked their lives in the service of the country. It was their bravery and dare-devilery that earned the name and reputation for Indian Forces. Without their courage and leadership Indian Forces could never achieve the prominence. All the countries of the World know that Indian Soldiers, Sailers and Air-men can die for the country but can never betray it. The First World War and Second World War are the witness of their bravery and courage. They fought in the extreme climatic conditions with minimum resources—in the desert, oceans and in the air. It is the duty of every one of us to pay our homage to these fearless persons working under the leadership of the Chiefs of Army, Navy and Air Force. This book is the succinct and lucid portrayal of the service elites who are the embodiment of gallantry, undaunted courage and devotion to duty. This book is a humble tribute to their bravery and patriotism.
This book will be very useful to service officers, youths and research scholars. It will save their precious time by providing all the essential information about the Services Chiefs of India.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.453724
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately, Beyond Barriers (UK) is no more. This website is a tribute on behalf of Nick, Keith, Lynsey and Ruth for all their hard work and dedication in promoting equality and diversity in Scotland.
However, we hope that this tribute website will continue to provide you with comprehensive and reliable information on a wide range of issues affecting LGBT people for the next 2 years.
"Without the bravery and determination of Scotland's many LGBT communities and individuals, this project would not have been the success that it was! And we thank you for that."
"Transitioning Our Shelters - A Guide to Making Homeless Shelters Safe for Transgender People"
"How to write an inclusive Equality Policy"

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.290478
Retrieved Text: Within a few weeks we didn’t just see the end of our life of privilege, we plunged into utter poverty. The Nazis had confiscated most of my father’s trucks during the war. What trucks they didn’t confiscate, the British did, when the war ended and they took over. Those devastating losses, compounded by his year of imprisonment, had left my father in debt, a fact that undoubtedly contributed to the heart attack that killed him.
I never have and never will try to whitewash Germany. Yes, there is anti-Semitism there, and the fact that it’s less prevalent than in other countries doesn’t excuse it. Yes, there were Germans who were complicit with the Nazis. Many of them were good, decent people like my father, who didn’t have an anti-Semitic or violent bone in his body and simply bought into Hitler’s propaganda-driven economic, anti-Communist agenda without a clue about the nightmare that madman was planning to unleash. And I’m sure there were Germans who were anti-Semitic but would have been horrified by the annihilation of Jews, while others quite willingly, and tragically, participated in the Holocaust. There are gradations when it comes to any prejudice— not every anti-Semite in Germany was a despicable war criminal, just as not everyone who’s prejudiced against blacks, let’s say, has a cross burning in their front yard.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.983797
Retrieved Text: Chinese Model Ming Xi fall down on Victoria’s Secret 2017 Fashion Show: – As you all know that walking on heels is like a nightmare for every single girl in the word. Every single girl avoids walking on heels because it is very difficult to make yourself balanced in high heels. Overall, here we aren’t talking about the high heels problem but here we are going to share a real nightmare of a model who misbalanced during a performance. Overall, have you ever imagined imagine wearing sky-high heels on the ramp, stumbling, falling and then getting up with a smile on your face and back on the runway in front of thousands of people and dozens of camera flashing at.
We think you all say that this could be the worst nightmare for anyone. Overall, this exact thing happened with a Chinese model Ming Xi and who earned applause and praise from the audience as well as on Twitter and social media for her grace, elegance, and bravery. She didn’t get nervous and simply stood up and smiled like nothing happened.
Here, we are about to share what exactly happened during her ramp walk. Well, she was walking the ramp for this year’s Victoria’s Secret runway show in Shanghai last night. Dressed in skimpy lingerie and high heels the Chinese model stumbled and fell but in a moment got up to finish her catwalk with a smile on her face. Most of us may get embarrassed if something like that ever happens to us but she didn’t get

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.83005
Retrieved Text: Like any other soldier, they defended our flag with honor and they supported democracy.
The following article was written by ISDA Contributing Editor, and retired U.S. Army Lt. Colonel, Tony Traficante.
An act of Congress was signed into law by President Donald Trump designating March 29 National Vietnam War Veterans Day.
While we honor our war dead on Memorial Day and our living veterans on Veterans Day, this is a time when we give a special tribute to those who served during the Vietnam War.
It is a recognition long overdue!
Like any other soldier, they defended our flag with honor. They supported democracy. They fought in brutal conditions.
When many Vietnam War veterans returned to America, they were unwelcome. It was an unpopular war, and the military men and women returning home were met with disdain, spit upon and harassed.
They did their duty as ordered. They didn’t decide to go to war. They answered the call to service. And yet the military men and women who fought in Vietnam did not receive the gratitude, of a Nation, for their service.
Out of the 2.7 million U.S. service members who served in Vietnam, more than 58,000 died, and more than 304,000 were wounded.
We cannot change the actions of the past, but we can make it right. It is time we recognize the bravery of our Vietnam veterans.
At last. Welcome home Vietnam Veterans!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.519493
Retrieved Text: One world war and two heroes—one of whom is “invisible”—are the main ingredients of this incredibly moving and worthwhile story.
After covering the young boys’ early days in the small town of Monticello, Florida, almost everything changes in the aftermath of the attack on Pearl Harbor. From this point on, the action centers on Boots’s initial training and his follow-on assignment as a Marine drill instructor at Parris Island, South Carolina. Young Boots immediately takes charge and impresses both his immediate superiors and the men he’s training and preparing for combat service in the now-raging battles of the Pacific Theater.
After training several classes of new Marines, the young leader finally gets his wish and is assigned to a combat unit. Boots would get his first taste of battle during the incredibly fierce fighting on Iwo Jima in February of 1945. The author’s descriptions of battle are detailed, riveting, and moving. Although Boots is involved in the iconic raising of the American flag on top of Mount Suribachi, that episode is not the main thrust of the story. Instead, we learn of a young man’s dedication and incredible bravery in the face of a determined and lethal enemy.
Although geared to the young adult audience, all ages will appreciate this story. Only a few technical problems detracted from this memorable portrait of two American heroes.
From a small-town childhood to the bloody shores of Iwo Jima and a flag-raising that would be seen around the world, follow the exciting true story of Ernest “Boots” Thomas and Jim Sledge in this

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.46741
Retrieved Text: Sir: Who on earth had Frank Johnson in mind when he wrote so disparagingly of foreign correspondents and war reporters in his memoir of Sam White (10 Septem- ber)?
that not-so-faint violence they had been sent to report.
An act of bravery I remember particular- ly was that of a Daily Express photo- grapher in Aden during the British with- drawal. When the commando rearguard was flown out, he elected to stay behind as company for a reporter from his newspaper who had been ordered to do so and, as it turned out, risk death at the hands of the Aden mob. They survived but I never heard them brag about it in Fleet Street.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.319675
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON — All five of West Virginia's representatives in the U.S. Congress have written a letter to President Trump requesting a state funeral be held for the last World War II Medal of Honor recipient.
Sens. Shelley Moore Capito, R-W.Va., and Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., and Reps. David McKinley, R-W.Va., Alex Mooney, R-W.Va., and Carol Miller, R-W.Va., together drafted the letter, according to a release from Manchin's office.
According to the release, the request is an effort to honor the patriotism and bravery of all the men and women who served their country during the war, including West Virginia's own Hershel Woodrow “Woody” Williams.
Williams is one of the last four surviving Medal of Honor recipients of World War II, according to the letter.
"Woody Williams’ act of storming four enemy pillboxes under tremendous fire, and continuing to fight through the entire five week long campaign on Iwo Jima earned him the Medal of Honor," the letter reads. "It is these displays of bravery and fortitude that we feel our nation should be reminded of. The Greatest Generation represents the very best of West Virginia and America. For this reason, we can think of no greater tribute than to honor the last of our national heroes of this generation with a state funeral."
Legislation introduced by West Virginia representatives was passed last year renaming the VA Medical Center in Huntington in Williams' honor.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.308058
Retrieved Text: The Chateau-Thierry American Monument Dedication is one of thirteen segments featured in the "American Honors Her Heroes" film. The film is the Official Record of the Dedication Ceremonies in 1937 at the American World War Memorials and Cemeteries in Europe. It was taken under the auspices of the American Battle Monuments Commission.
NARRATOR: On Hill 204 overlooking Chateau-Thierry and the Marne River stands this beautiful monument, which commemorates the valor and sacrifices of the American soldiers who fought in the region. The Miami Drum and Bugle Corps arrives playing popular American wartime music.
NARRATOR: The arrival of members of the American Legion, who are visiting France as guests of the French government, other distinguished guests, both French and American arrive.
NARRATOR: General John J. Pershing makes the address of welcome.
GENERAL PERSHING: It is for me a distinct pleasure to see before me on this former battlefield so many veterans who served here and elsewhere with the American Army in the World War. And to see them surrounded by their affectionate and appreciative friends of the French nation. This region is particularly interesting to Americans because here the first and the final advance of the enemy toward Paris made in May 1918 was stopped by the 2nd and 3rd American Divisions, the 2nd at Belleau Wood and the 3rd at Chateau-Thierry. The enemy then held what was known as the Chateau-Thierry salient. On July 18, 1918, the 1st and 2nd Divisions, with the Moroccan Division as a part of the French 10th Army, successfully attacked the enemy south of Soissons

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.215914
Retrieved Text: The Manager of Durham Tees Valley Airport has paid tribute to a woman who for many years campaigned to highlight the role the airfield played in the Second World War and in particular the bravery of Canadian airman Andrew Mynarski.VC.
Mrs Betty Amlin, who has died at the age of 90, played a leading role in the Middleton St George Memorial Association for many years and began the campaign to raise the funds for the impressive statue of Andrew Mynarski which stands outside the Airport’s St George Hotel.
Mrs Amlin’s late husband Jimmy served with Andrew Mynarski who was posthumously awarded the VC after he died trying to rescue a colleague from a burning Lancaster bomber which was shot down over France whilst on an operation from Middleton St George.
Said Airport Manager Shaun Woods “Betty played a huge role in keeping alive the memories of the airfield’s role in defending Britain during the war—and the heroism of the air crews who flew from here.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.212996
Retrieved Text: Nearly 400 veterans, students and faculty flocked to Kogan Plaza to witness the dedication of the University’s new memorial dedicated to veterans Monday.
GW’s Veterans Memorial Park, which moved from the lawn next to the GW Deli this year, now features a black marble slab emblazoned with the insignias of all five U.S. military branches and an illuminated flagpole to honor former members of the armed forces.
The park came as the result of a donation from Board of Trustees member Mark Shenkman, an alumnus and U.S. Army veteran.
Shenkman said he wanted to fund the new park to appropriately honor GW’s community of veterans and servicemembers, which includes more than 1,000 current students.
“We must never forget the courage, sacrifice and dedication of the men and women who have so bravely served and protected our precious liberty and cherished heritage,” Shenkman said.
Accompanied by his wife and three sons, Shenkman invoked the University’s namesake as a man who “laid the foundation to create the world’s greatest democracy” in the face of adversity.
But Shenkman also paid tribute to his father, Sgt. Geoge Shenkman, who led one of the first American units to charge into Germany during World War II.
University President Steven Knapp said the memorial’s location at the heart of campus pays tribute to the central place of the veterans community at GW and in the University’s history. In 1944, GW student Don Balfour became the first veteran to receive educational benefits under the GI Bill.
Mitch Bent, president of the student group GW Veterans, called the park a token of the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.163317
Retrieved Text: Blaine’s Bulletin: Honoring Jeffrey L. White Jr.
March 16, 2018 was just another Friday for many Americans. We woke up, went to work and looked forward to the weekend ahead. For the White family in Catawissa, Missouri, however, it was the day that the President of the United States signed into law a bill to honor their son’s bravery and heroism in service to our country.
Army Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. grew up in Catawissa with his parents, Jeff and Paula White and his brothers Michael and Kyle. Jeffrey graduated from Pacific High School in 2008 and joined the U.S. Army the following year. After completing basic and advanced training at Fort Benning, Georgia, he was stationed at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson in Anchorage, Alaska before being deployed to Afghanistan in 2011. During his time in the Army, Jeffrey’s bravery and selflessness earned him numerous awards and recognitions including the Bronze Star and Purple Heart.
Only a week before he was scheduled to come home on leave, Jeffrey tragically lost his life on April 3, 2012. He passed away from injuries sustained by an improvised explosive device (IED) that detonated near his unit in the Khost province of Afghanistan.
In November of 2016, I introduced legislation to dedicate the Post Office in Pacific as the “Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office,” in honor of one of Missouri’s own. With the support of my Missouri Congressional colleagues, the House and Senate passed the legislation to honor Jeffrey and on March 16, 2018 President Trump officially signed the bill into law.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.155413
Retrieved Text: My experiences visiting the site several times are very different from David Broder's opinion (column, May 28) of a "vexingly flawed" WWII Memorial.
Mr. Broder is expecting the WWII Memorial to serve as an educational museum. Memorials are designed to commemorate and the architect designed a fitting tribute to the 16 million Americans in uniform, over 400,000 who gave the ultimate sacrifice and the millions on the homefront supporting our armed services.
The authorization, site selection, design and construction of the memorial took nearly 17 years. Only four million or one-fourth of our World War II veterans can see their efforts recognized today.
My father, Harry McLachlan, did not live to see a fitting tribute to his service in Sherman tanks of the 2nd Armored Division at Normandy and the Battle of the Bulge.
My humble tribute to my father and other WWII veteran relatives was to serve as a dedication ceremony volunteer.
I participated in activities leading up to the dedication ceremonies, including the national reunion sponsored by the Smithsonian. Dozens of veterans shared their World War II experiences with me and all of the veterans were happy with the new memorial.
I heard comments from "The Greatest Generation" veterans like "breathtaking" and "shook me to tears" - my sentiment exactly.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.146292
Retrieved Text: Bir Protik (literally, Symbol of Bravery or Idol of Courage) is the fourth highest gallantry award in Bangladesh. This award was declared on 15 December, 1973. A total of 426 people have received the award so far, all for their actions during the liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971. The following list (partial) has been prepared as of the Bangladesh Gazette of 15 December, 1973.
Bir Bikrom (literally, Valiant hero in Bangla) is the third highest gallantry award in Bangladesh. Like the other gallantry awards, this was introduced immediately after the Bangladeshi Liberation War. 175 fighters have been awarded as Bir Bikrom on 15 December, 1973 for their heroic actions at the Liberation War of Bangladesh in 1971. The government of Bangladesh declared the name of the awardees in Bangladesh Gazette on 15 December 1973. This list has been prepared on the base of the Gazette.
Bir Uttom (literally, Better among Braves in Bengali) is the second highest award for individual gallantry in Bangladesh after the Bir Sreshtho. Since independence of Bangladesh in 1971, This award was declared on 15 December, 1973. Total 68 people have been awarded as Bir Uttom for their bravery dedication in the liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971. The following list has been prepared as of the Bangladesh Gazette of 15 December, 1973.
The Bir Sreshtho (literally, The Most Valiant Hero) is the highest military award of Bangladesh. It was awarded to seven freedom fighters who showed utmost bravery and died in action for their nation. They are considered martyrs. The other three gallantry

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.944305
Retrieved Text: Veteran's Day - Michael Mercer:preacher. teacher. writer.father. husband. follower.
Every time Veteran's Day rolls around I cannot help but think of the boy who went off to war in 1967, not because he had to, but because he joined the effort. Walde, my step father, ended up in 2nd platoon 3rd squadron 4th calvary 25 infantry division. He was on a tank and did all the jobs associated with it. During his first tour he would end up saving a commanding officer, and being injured so badly that he would end up needing to be rehabilitated to walk again. His service was not just about bravery, but duty! His duty was not celebrated upon his return home. His duty left lingering health issues, the loss of friends, and a lifetime of nightmares. I appreciate his service, his bravery, his duty! I appreciate his love for country! I appreciate the ways in which he allowed the experiences (or horrors) of Vietnam to shape him into a man that works hard, loves his wife, and serves others in many different ways. Chances are most of us, if not all of us know a veteran of a foreign war. Chances are that half of you that read this abhor war. Chances are we don't agree on politics or war. The point today is not to weigh down others with our views and frustrations regarding government. Today is a day to celebrate the fact that men and women all over our country honor us by serving our country in a special

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.823534
Retrieved Text: KALAMAZOO COUNTY, Mich. -- Veterans of Foreign Wars 1527 held a 'Last Man Standing' event Sunday to honor men of Charlie Company, 126th Infantry Regiment, 32nd "Red Arrow" Infantry Division, who deployed to WWII out of Kalamazoo County, Michigan.
The names of the 94 men who served were read as a shot of whiskey was poured into a bucket of sand for each member. "Then buried under a dedication plaque that we have for them," said Patrick Meine, Junior Vice Commander, VFW Post 1527.
“The men upstairs right now are smiling, absolutely," Dennis Weber, who helped organize the tribute, told WXMI.
It was a tribute honoring the men who deployed to World War II out of Kalamazoo County. All the men have passed away except for 93-year-old Fred Spencer who took part in the special 'Last Man Standing' tribute to honor his fellow company members.
The 'Last Man Standing' agreement was made years ago while the men were deployed, to purchase a bottle of whiskey that would go to the last surviving member of the unit.
Spencer received a 'special tribute' award on behalf of the state of Michigan, gifted to him by Michigan Senator Margaret O'Brien and State Representative David Maturen.
“We are grateful for your [Spencer] service that you and your comrades gave to our country, thank you," said O'Brien.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.620996
Retrieved Text: The high-impact accountability reporters we studied consider themselves — and are seen by others — as “early adopters.” Their high level of curiosity propels them to adapt to new platforms, audiences, technology and content with unusual willingness and a sense of necessity and practicality.
“Mutate or die,” is how Harrisburg (Pa.) Patriot News political writer and opinion editor John Micek explained his own transition from traditional to multiplatform journalism.
There is an “unevenness” in newsrooms in who takes on those challenges. But for these reporters, an appetite for transformation and a desire to be experimental is evident. “I try to go into the sandbox and play around,” said Brandon Rittiman, a TV political journalist from Denver station KUSA.
An innate curiosity, sense of purpose and even bravery seem to underpin the journalists’ willingness to embrace change.
An innate curiosity, sense of purpose and even bravery seem to underpin the journalists’ willingness to embrace change. Clinton Yates, a sports and culture reporter from ESPN’s The Undefeated, said, “It’s interesting to me to hear reporters say, ‘OK, I’m done with this print story and now I’m going to get a sandwich.’ I can’t imagine going back to that world” — an old-school world where a reporter’s job is done when the print deadline is met.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.525406
Retrieved Text: The March of the Prairie Men is the history of the South Saskatchewan Regiment in the Second World War, 1939-1945. The South Saskatchewans served in the 2nd Canadian Infantry Division and include DIEPPE, FALAISE, THE SCHELDT, and THE RHINE in their Battle Honours. They participated in some of the heaviest fighting in North-West Europe and suffered more than 1,800 casualties, including 475 men killed and 146 Prisoners-of-War.
The South Saskatchewan Regiment was also awarded more than 100 decorations for bravery, including Lieutenant-Colonel Cecil Merritt’s famous Victoria Cross. Merritt won his V.C. for exceptional leadership and bravery at the bridge in Pourville on August 19th, 1942.
The book does not only include the historical life of the Regiment, but also includes many human interest stories, and is profusely illustrated, capturing the atmosphere of places and events now 70 years removed.
The March of the Prairie Men was written by the Regiment’s Adjutant, George B. Buchanan as a tribute to a famous Canadian Regiment. It was originally published in 1956.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.407772
Retrieved Text: let us give thanks for their military dedication and safety.
but we can lift our prayers for them each and everyday.
When you see a military person, take a moment and say thank you. The encouragement will honor them as they realize people care and remember.
My Father Joseph, fought for this country in WWII on Omaha Beach in Normandy France.
"I wouldn't give you a nickle for my experiences, but, I wouldn't sell them for a million dollars either"
Words from a proud and glad to serve, American!
and the bravery he carried as he jumped off the ship and swam to land on Omaha Beach with his fellow soldiers.
God was with him that day as he ran forward to defend America.
I realized what my Father had faced that day.
then I quickly thought, he doesn't need to see this movie, he was there!
Whatever your long weekend plans, enjoy, be safe and REMEMBER!
to those brave men and women who have served our country to keep us free and to those that continue to sacrifice each and every day for America, we give our heartfelt thankfulness.
I'll be off the for long weekend.
I watched that movie too and I love your thoughts that he doesnt need to watch it because he was there.
I'm Indonesian and I don't really know this day but - I'm praying that God bless your Dad for his foughts and all the military.
Thanks for sharing your heart - Happy Memorial Day!
What a wonderful post and tribute to your Dad, Celetina. I had no idea that he was a WWII veteran.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.36759
Retrieved Text: Klett Sprachen GmbH – 19 Sep 2014 81.81 lei Economic 11-16 zile +7.87 lei 1-2 săpt.
There's no denying it: this is one profoundly sad story. But it's also wise, darkly funny and brave, told in spare sentences, punctuated with fantastic images and stirring silences. Past his sorrow, fright and rage, Conor ultimately lands in a place - an imperfect one, of course - where healing can begin. A MONSTER CALLS is a gift from a generous story­teller and a potent piece of art.
A nuanced tale that draws on elements of classic horror stories to delve into the terrifying terrain of loss. . . . Ness brilliantly captures Conor's horrifying emotional ride as his mother's inevitable death approaches. In an ideal pairing of text and illustration, the novel is liberally laced with Kay's evocatively textured pen-and-ink artwork, which surrounds the text, softly caressing it in quiet moments and in others rushing toward the viewer with a nightmarish intensity.A poignant tribute to the life and talent of Siobhan Dowd and an astonishing exploration of fear.
Profoundly moving, expertly crafted tale... a singular masterpiece, exceptionally well-served by Kay's atmospheric and ominous illustrations... tackles the toughest of subjects by refusing to flinch, meeting the ugly truth about life head-on with compassion, bravery, and insight.

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.245377
Retrieved Text: William Winter (July 15, 1836 – June 30, 1917) was an American dramatic critic and author, born in Gloucester, Mass. He graduated from Harvard Law School in 1857, then chose literature as his field of endeavor, and moved to New York City (1859), where he became literary critic of the Saturday Press, then (1861–65) of the New York Albion, and for more than 40 years (1865–1909) was a drama critic of the New York Tribune.
A grave to rest in, and a fading name.
"The Queen's Domain", The Queen's Domain, and other Poems (1858).
She’ll find the rightful voice to say.
The golden Silence, reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
When will the morning break?
The Night Watch, reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
To gain the bliss of thy desire.
Arthur, reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
The golden time of Long Ago.
I. H. Bromley, reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
Found pity in his tenderness.
And kindness tempered every blow.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 42.092957
Retrieved Text: Matthew Prior (July 21, 1664 – September 18, 1721) was an English poet and diplomat.
And clap your padlock — on her mind!
Till all the whores were burnt alive.
And often took leave, but was loth to depart.
Sure John and I are more than quit.
Can Bourbon or Nassau claim higher?
Upon a passage in the Scaligerana; reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
Henry and Emma; reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
And though I called another, Abra came.
The Wandering Pilgrim.; reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.707226
Retrieved Text: Oscar Wilde—Lord of Language, Earl of Epigram, Prince of Paradox—was born on 16 October 1854.
Wilde was mercurial and represents—or has represented—different things to different people: poet | playwright | novelist | short story writer | essayist | critic | reviewer | magazine editor | lecturer | intellectual | wit | dissident | raconteur | dandy | bon vivant | Symbolist | self-publicist | exile | husband | father | gay icon | Decadent | criminal | celebrity | Aesthete | martyr | lover | Celt | Hellenist | Francophile | egoist | friend | Oxonian | Irishman | elitist | Anarchist | Home Ruler | corrupter | mentor | degenerate | classical scholar | prisoner | proto-Modernist | Victorian | middle-class rebel | social climber | hero.
It is tempting to think that Wilde willingly—and wilfully—fashioned his life into a Greek tragedy of terrible pain and beauty, conscious that his decision to stay in London—the Athens of its day—and face trial would make him a Victorian Socrates. Wilde drained the poisonous cup of Victorian England’s envy, homophobia and class divisions and in so doing completed his journey from fame to infamy. What more could a master storyteller do than sacrifice his life for the sake of mesmerizing his audience? Wilde’s personality and spectacular rise and fall threaten to eclipse his written works.
A tribute we could pay Wilde would be to read his works (not just the popular quotations that lend wit to wedding speeches and news stories). See my info graphic below for suggestions on reading Wildely.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.34027
Retrieved Text: A wonderful art film. I would say it is somewhat overlooked for the classic cinema techniques used. The storylines coils back on itself which means that events are redefined in several layers. This is a creative way of keeping the viewer's interest.
For those who are able to relate to the feelings explored, from giving and receiving love and lost love, will appreciate the film for its subtelties. Very beautifully made so that the underlying messages are evoked without being spoken out too obviously. Finally, a feel good film for all, albeit in a complex way.
Praiseworthy performances by Kate Winslet and Jim Carey, showcasing their versatility as actors.
"How happy is the blameless vestal's lot! / The world forgetting, by the world forgot / Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! / Each pray'r accepted, and each wish resign'd."- Mary, while reading to Dr. Mierzwiak out of Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, the lines are from Alexander Pope's poem Eloisa to Abelard.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.5414
Retrieved Text: Strife is violent conflict, usually brief or limited in nature.
I think such men are crazy.
Robert E. Lee, letter to his son, G. W. Custis Lee, January 23, 1861.—John William Jones, Personal Reminiscences, Anecdotes, and Letters of Gen. Robert E. Lee, p. 137 (1876).
Sir Lewis Morris, The Ode of Evil, reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
John Henry Newman, A Martyr Convert, reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
Strife and love. Are they the workings of one mind? The features of the same face?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.885315
Retrieved Text: History gets thicker and thicker as it approaches recent times.
Bloody men are like bloody buses -You wait for about a yearAnd as soon as one approaches your stopTwo or three others appear.
The nearer emotional life approaches to hysteria, to continual outward show, the less genuine it becomes. Feeling becomes equated with vehemence of expression, so that insincerity becomes permanent.
We're charm'd with distant views of happiness, But near approaches make the prospect less.
 Thomas Yalden, Against Enjoyment, reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
The picture that approaches sculpture nearest Is the best picture.
 Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Michael Angelo, Part II. 4. In Hoyt's New Cyclopedia Of Practical Quotations (1922), p. 576-77.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.44823
Retrieved Text: Don't be misled by the name.
Don't be misled by the name. Sure, Yahoo! Education has excellent resources for students, including sample SAT and GRE tests. But you don't have to be a student to appreciate being able to search The American Heritage Dictionary, Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, and Gray's Anatomy of the Human Body all at once.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.701267
Retrieved Text: Like German opera, too long and too loud.
 1941 Of warfare. Attributed.
One self-approving hour whole years out-weighsOf stupid starers and of loud huzzas.
 Alexander Pope, An Essay on Man (1733-34), Epistle IV, line 249.
You hear that boy laughing? you think he’s all fun; But the angels laugh, too, at the good he has done; The children laugh loud as they troop to his call, And the poor man that knows him laughs loudest of all.
 The Boys; reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
 Homer, The Iliad, Book IX. 182.
So wise, so grave, of so perplex'd a tongue, And loud withal, that would not wag, nor scarce Lie still without a fee.
 Ben Jonson, Volpone, Act I, scene 1; in Hoyt's New Cyclopedia Of Practical Quotations (1922), p. 411-12.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.50801
Retrieved Text: Letter to William Strahan (5 July 1775); reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
"I am Goya"; translated by Stanley Kunitz, p. 3.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.017635
Retrieved Text: Richard Henry Horne (later Richard Hengist Horne) (January 1, 1803 – March 13, 1884) was an English poet and critic.
'T is always morning somewhere in the world.
Orion (1843), Book iii, Canto ii. Compare: "'T is always morning somewhere", Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Wayside Inn. Birds of Killingworth, stanza 16.
Passing all wisdom or its fairest flower.
Orion (1843), Book iii, Canto ii.
Or fling it back upon an earlier time.
Genius; reported in Hoyt's New Cyclopedia Of Practical Quotations (1922), p. 88.
The Laurel Seed; reported in Hoyt's New Cyclopedia Of Practical Quotations (1922), p. 439.
Plow deep and straight with all your powers!
The Plow, reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919); reported as The Plough in Hoyt's New Cyclopedia Of Practical Quotations (1922), p. 18-19.
Dirge; reported in Hoyt's New Cyclopedia Of Practical Quotations (1922), p. 342-44.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.89654
Retrieved Text: An earnest young American woman, a louche English lord, and an innocent young chap join a house party of fin de siècle fools and grotesques. Nearby a woman lives, cradling a long-buried secret. Wilde’s marriage of glittering wit and Ibsenite drama create a vivid new theatrical voice.
“Sublimely funny” (The Independent) and “compelling” (The Times), A Woman of No Importance has opened to ★★★★ rave reviews. Playing until 30 December at London’s Vaudeville Theatre, Dominic Dromgoole’s “fine revival” (Guardian) stars “brilliant” Eve Best (Daily Mail), “bewitching” Anne Reid (Observer) and “superb” Eleanor Bron (The Stage).
Its first offering is an Oscar Wilde Season at the Vaudeville, revolving around his four great Victorian plays, which shocked and redefined the British theatre, and still resonate and refresh today: A Woman of No Importance, Lady Windermere’s Fan, An Ideal Husband and The Importance of Being Earnest.
“The evening will give you a real lift"

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.92756
Retrieved Text: Andrew Cherry (January 11, 1762 – February 12, 1812) was an Irish dramatist, songwriter, actor and theatre manager.
The rain a deluge showers.
The Bay of Biscay (lyrics, c. 1805), reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).
In the bay of Biscay, O!
This page was last modified on 30 April 2008, at 09:34.
This article uses material from the English Wikiquote article "Andrew Cherry".

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.83459
Retrieved Text: Most people are on the world, not in it have no conscious sympathy or relationship to anything about them undiffused, separate, and rigidly alone like marbles of polished stone, touching but separate.
Mr Raymond Martin, beyond question, was born in the gutter, and bred in a Board-School, where they played marbles. He was further (I give the barest handful from great store) a Flopshus Cad, an Outrageous Stinker, a Jelly-bellied Flag-flapper (this was Stalky's contribution), and several other things which it is not seemly to put down.
 1899 Stalky & Co.
The mossy marbles rest On the lips that he has prest In their bloom; And the names he loved to hear Have been carved for many a year On the tomb.
 The last Leaf; reported in Bartlett's Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. (1919).

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.672287
Retrieved Text: "John Bartlett" is composed of at least 6 distinct authors, divided by their works.
1. John Bartlett, 1820-1905 published (and compiled early editions) Bartlett's Familiar Quotations.
"John Bartlett" is composed of at least 6 distinct authors, divided by their works. You can edit the division.
John Bartlett is composed of 7 names. You can examine and separate out names.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.858097
Retrieved Text: This outstanding treasury of great reading includes the bawdy humor of Machiavelli's Mandragola; the poignant, searching wit of Chekov's Uncle Vanya; the ironic social comment of Shaw's Arms and the Man; and five other influential works, including a new translation of Moliere's satire The Miser, which the editors have prepared especially for this book. Accompanied by provocative essays that define and explore the spirit, structure, and meaning of comedy, this unique volume is an ideal companion to the editors' Eight Great Tragedies. Also includes : Aristophane's The Clouds; Shakespeare's Twelfth Night; John Gay's The Beggar's Opera; and Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest.
Here in one volume are the complete texts of eight of the worlds greatest plays, masterful examples of the comic view of life in drama. This outstanding treasury of great reading includes the bawdy humor of Machiavellis Mandragola; the poignant, searching wit of Chekhovs Uncle Vanya; the ironic social comment of Shaws Arms and the Man; and five other influential works, including a new translation of Moli&egrave;res satire The Miser, which the editors have prepared especially for this book.
Accompanied by provocative essays that define and explore the spirit, structure, and meaning of comedy, this unique volume is an ideal companion to the editors Eight Great Tragedies.
Sylvan Barnet wrote numerous texts analyzing the works of Shakespeare as well as the writing craft. He was the general editor for Signet Classics Shakespeare as well as professor emeritus at Tufts University. He died in 2016.
Morton Berman is professor emeritus of English as Boston University.
William Burto served

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.702778
Retrieved Text: While I was on Facebook group posting censorship. On my blog this week I already paid a special salute to the incomparable Frederick Douglas with 6 of his powerful quotes attached to a photo I took of Mr. Douglas's waxed figure taken at his historical home on the hill in Anacostia.
This weekend I plan to salute Frederick Douglas, Mary Ellen Pleasant, Frances Ellen Watkins Harper and Harriett Tubman in a similar matter. I would like to bring their powerful words to my blog to share with others.
I would like to thank the Bartlett's Familiar Black Quotations for assisting me with the resources to complete this project. If you don't have a copy of this powerful book in your library or ebook collection you should indeed add it as soon as you can. It truly is a remarkable, powerful, and uplifting catalog of knowledge.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.495056
Retrieved Text: John Bartlett (18201905). Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. 1919. James Russell Lowell.(18191891). 1. Earths noblest thing,a woman perfected. Irené. 2.
Extractions: Select Search All Bartleby.com All Reference Columbia Encyclopedia World History Encyclopedia World Factbook Columbia Gazetteer American Heritage Coll. Dictionary Roget's Thesauri Roget's II: Thesaurus Roget's Int'l Thesaurus Quotations Bartlett's Quotations Columbia Quotations Simpson's Quotations English Usage Modern Usage American English Fowler's King's English Strunk's Style Mencken's Language Cambridge History The King James Bible Oxford Shakespeare Gray's Anatomy Farmer's Cookbook Post's Etiquette Bulfinch's Mythology Frazer's Golden Bough All Verse Anthologies Dickinson, E. Eliot, T.S. Frost, R. Hopkins, G.M. Keats, J. Lawrence, D.H. Masters, E.L. Sandburg, C. Sassoon, S. Whitman, W. Wordsworth, W. Yeats, W.B. All Nonfiction Harvard Classics American Essays Einstein's Relativity Grant, U.S. Roosevelt, T. Wells's History Presidential Inaugurals All Fiction Shelf of Fiction Ghost Stories Short Stories Shaw, G.B. Stein, G. Stevenson, R.L. Wells, H.G. Reference Quotations John Bartlett Familiar Quotations ... CONCORDANCE INDEX John Bartlett Familiar Quotations, 10th ed. James Russell Lowell.
Extractions: James Russell Lowell (1819-1891) is one of the group of authors sometimes called the Fireside Poets or the Schoolroom Poets, a group which also included Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, John Greenleaf Whittier, and Oliver Wendell Holmes. Because of their conservative approach to verse and the often blatant morality in their poetry, the very qualities that made them popular in their day, they have been out of favor throughout much of the twentieth century. Nevertheless members of the group like Lowell and Whittier, both ardent abolitionists, may not have seemed so conservative in the nineteenth

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.440113
Retrieved Text: For links to information about Oscar Wilde, visit The Official Website of Oscar Wilde.
Spanish Hardcover edition, includes El retrato de Dorian Gray, El fantasma de Canterville, De profundis, La importancia de llamarse Ernesto, and El abanico de Lady Windermere (Edimat, 2000, 553 pg).
Paperback edition of The Best of Oscar Wilde: Selected Plays and Literary Criticism : The importance of Being Earnest/An Ideal Husband/A Woman of No Importance/Lady Windermere's Fan/Salome/Critica (Signet Classics, 2004, 387 pg).
Paperback edition of The Picture of Dorian Gray and Other Writings by Oscar Wilde, also includes Lady Windermere's Fan, Salome, An Ideal Husband, The Importance of Being Earnest, and The Ballad of Reading Gaol (Bantam Clasics, 1983, 487 pg).
Paperback edition of The Complete Works of Oscar Wilde: Stories, Plays, Poems & Essays (Harper Perennial, 2008).
Spanish Paperback edition, El retrato de Dorian Gray (Editorial Edaf S.A., 2001, 256 pg).
Paperback edition, illustrated by Aubrey Beardsley (Branden Publ Co, 1989, 64 pg).

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.128593
Retrieved Text: EARNEST by Oscar Wilde – A light, fluffy jibe at cucumber sandwiches, or a profound plea for substance, commitment & compassion?
With only two actors on a bare stage, in its signature urgent poetical style, Two Gents Productions examine the play from the contemporary perspective of the migrant & the outsider. Told with wit & deft humour, this show unfurls a riot of love, confusion & high jinks to interrogate the absolute importance of being EARNEST.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.91493
Retrieved Text: "...THE IMPORTANCE OF EARNEST is a rollicking satire in which nothing is sacred. Presented in three acts, this merry and entertaining boondoggle through life in "the good old (Victorian) days" will keep you laughing. Helmed by Michael Marchak, the talented cast seem to enjoy the play as much as the audience. Joanne Lamb's set is functional, and Michael Mullen's costumes are a delight. The entire production team has managed to bring Victorian England to life in North Hollywood. The play is double cast, so that different audiences may see different actors in the same roles. Now for a bit of trivia: it has been suggested that "Earnest" was a code word for gay in the Gay Nineties. Of course, it is unlikely that Wilde would have known that - or would he?"
"...Multitalented director Michael Marchak ups the physical comedy to entertaining effect in Crown City Theatre Company's 124th-anniversary revival of Oscar Wilde's The Importance Of Being Earnest, but it remains Wilde's way with words delivered by a terrific cast of Crown City favorites that earn the lion's share of laughs."
"...I had a wonderful evening and they have smartly divided the three acts with 10 minutes break between...it is a long play. This really added something a bit special to the general grandeur of the evening. In short, I loved it!"
"...Still, it's a good time. As George Bernard Shaw remarked when he originally reviewed Wilde's last written play, "What can a poor critic do with a play which raises no principle, whether of art or morals, creates

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.444553
Retrieved Text: Frank Outlaw was a supermarket manager who founded the Bi-Lo supermarkets in South Carolina. He played a supermarket manager in "Raising Arizona."
This quote is widely attributed to "Frank Outlaw" on the Web, but no actual other corroborating confirmation actually confirms that this is the correct source.
Popular quotation books - including Bartlett's Familiar Quotations (17th ed., 2002), Roget's International Thesaurus of Quotations (1970) and The Harper Book of Quotations (3rd ed., 1993) - DO NOT include this quote or any reference to Frank Outlaw.
In July 2003, a woman named "Elizabeth C.," claimed to have written it in 1998 and sending to members of an e-mail group of people living with lupus.
According to legend, her words were: "these few lines have since taken on a life of their own via the Internet. I was honored when someone asked if they could post it on their work bulletin board. From there it ended up as a desktop theme. It has traveled everywhere."
Your quote is from Charles Reade (1814-1884).
There is probably no such person as Frank Outlaw (though he may be a character - I haven't read any Reade :-).
Here in Germany it gets credited to the Talmud all the time, but Jewish authorities on the Web say this is not true.
I have heard from my colleague that this quote is very exact form a saying in Thai by a famous Thai monk, Achann Chaa of Wat Po Pong (1918-1992). Many of his sayings were known abroad during 1960s and 1970s.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.360474
Retrieved Text: Oscar Wilde is born on this day in Dublin, Ireland. He grew up in Ireland and went to England to attend Oxford, where he graduated with honors in 1878. A popular society figure known for his wit and flamboyant style, he published his own book of poems in 1881. He spent a year lecturing on poetry in the United States, where his dapper wardrobe and excessive devotion to art drew ridicule from some quarters.
After returning to Britain, Wilde married and had two children, for whom he wrote delightful fairy tales, which were published in 1888. Meanwhile, he wrote reviews and edited Women’s World. In 1890, his only novel, The Picture of Dorian Gray, was published serially, appearing in book form the following year. He wrote his first play, The Duchess of Padua, in 1891 and wrote five more in the next four years. His plays, including The Importance of Being Earnest (1895), were successful and made him a popular and well-known writer.
In 1895, the Marquess of Queensberry denounced Wilde as a homosexual, accusing him of having an affair with the marquess’s son. Wilde sued for libel, but lost his case when evidence strongly supported the marquess’s observations. Unfortunately, homosexuality was classified as a crime in England at the time. Wilde was arrested, found guilty, and sentenced to two years of hard labor.
Wilde was released from prison in 1897 and fled to Paris, where his many loyal friends visited him. He started writing again, producing The Ballad of Reading Gaol, based on his experiences in prison. He

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.21099
Retrieved Text: oh, man, that's one of my favorite quotations. Who said it anyway? Mark Twain or something?
I can picture the creator of this sign flipping through the index of Bartlett's Book of Quotations: "Ice cream...ice skating...here it is! Ice trays."
Sounds like a paraphrasing of that scene in 6th Day.
I love that someone went to the trouble of correcting the spelling of "hygiene," but didn't bother to remove the quotes.
This made me laugh a lot. It is the comment that makes it.
As if to say, "It's what my boss told me to say, not what I want!!"

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.689049
Retrieved Text: Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) was born in Dublin, the second son of charismatic parents, his father a surgeon, his mother a poet. Ungainly and awkward as a child, he won an open scholarship to Trinity College, Dublin, and went from there to Magdalen College, Oxford, where he took a First in Greats, won the Newdigate Prize for Poetry and announced that 'Somehow or other I'll be famous, and if not famous, notorious'. In London he set about establishing himself as a poet and wit, and when Gilbert and Sullivan's comic opera Patience toured the USA in 1882 he was invited to give a speech before every performance so that American audiences could recognize the 'perfectly precious young aesthete' satirized in the character of Bunthorne. This brought him both celebrity and money, and in 1884 he married Constance Lloyd, by whom he had two sons.He began writing fairy tales while working as editor of The Lady's World, and The Happy Prince was published in 1888. His first play, Vera, had been a failure, but in 1892 Lady Windermere's Fan was staged with great success. This was swiftly followed by three other enomously successful comedies, the most famous being The Importance of Being Earnest (1895). Wilde died in France, aged only 46. His plays remain as popular today as ever before.Although he read his fairy stories to his two young sons, he claimed they were ' . . . not for children, but for childlike people from eighteen to eighty'.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.625713
Retrieved Text: Jul 16, 2013. "Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people." – Oscar Wilde "Democracy is two wolves and a lamb.
Check out these funny career quotes. Life is better with smile on your face ;-). Oscar Wilde. The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without.
I. What is a Motto? A motto is a brief statement that summarizes the purpose or beliefs of a family, organization, or individual. A motto is not just a quote that you believe in, though – it’s an official statement like a logo or mission statement that summarizes the character of the person or group. This is how a motto differs from a slogan: a person or group can only have one motto at a.
Staging Oscar Wilde’s four-act comedy Lady Windermere’s Fan. “The play is not a plain comedy but has lots of wit, irony and sarcasm in it, which we had to bring out. Though, it took much effort, we.
Oct 16, 2011. The funniest and most ridiculous quotes from literature, from Hardy's "Let us toss as men do" to Agatha Christie's "four-starred. By Oscar Wilde.
Jul 6, 2015. Shakespeare aside, is there any playwright more quotable than Oscar Wilde? And, of all his plays, is there any more quoted than his 1895.
As I was enjoying a warm Miami break from the NYC freeze last week, I saw someone next to me at the beach freaking out—over a sarcastic Instagram comment. it was affecting her business). As Oscar.
A quote from The Heart of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.579437
Retrieved Text: Taunton Thespians’ Summer Tour is back at Queen’s College this July with Oscar Wilde’s glorious comedy, The Importance of Being Earnest.
Come along, bring a few friends, a couple of chairs, a glass or two of wine and a picnic and enjoy wit and wordplay of the finest kind. We’ll be open from 6pm, with the performance starting at 7.30pm.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.504122
Retrieved Text: Holding hands at midnight 'Neath a starry sky, Nice work if you can get it, And you can get it if you try.
 1937 'Nice Work IfYou Can Get It', song from the musical Damsel in Distress (music by George Gershwin).
As life runs on, the road grows strange With faces new, and near the end The milestones into headstones change, 'Neath every one a friend .
Well it's a marvelous night for a moondance, With the stars up above in your eyes. A fantabulous night to make romance, 'Neath the cover of October skies.
As life runs on, the road grows strange With faces new, and near the end The milestones into headstones change: 'Neath every one a friend.
 James Russell Lowell, written on his 68th birthday.
Holy Father, in thy mercy, Hear our anxious prayer. Keep our loved ones, now far absent, 'Neath Thy care.
 Isabella S. Stephenson, hymn, sung universally among the British troops in the Great War.
Daisy and Lily, Lazy and silly, Walk by the shore of the wan grass sea, Talking once more 'Neath a swan-bosomed tree.
 1923 Fa c° ade 'Valse'.
Earth, left silent by the wind of night,Seems shrunken 'Neath the gray unmeasured height.
A moth-eaten rag on a worm-eaten pole, It does not look likely to stir a man's Soul, 'Tis the deeds that were done 'Neath the moth-eaten rag, When the pole was a staff, and the rag was a flag.
 Sir Sir Edward Hamley on seeing some old Colours of the 32nd Foot in Monmouth Church.
 "Regimental Colours, Banners, and Flags Past

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.494802
Retrieved Text: The twenty-sixth Oscar Wilde Society annual birthday dinner was held on October 13, 2017 at the National Liberal Club in Whitehall — a now familiar home for the Society and its regulars. However, for one delinquent expatriate member it was a first visit to this ‘new’ venue, a fact which prompted the surprised realisation that my previous birthday dinner was almost twenty years ago.
On that distant occasion the dinner was held at the Cadogan Hotel, an experience now so far removed from The National Liberal Club that it might have happened to an invented younger brother. This Wildean idea seemed apt because, if we condense the intervening two decades into the perspective of successive events, the two places emerge as opposite sides of the same coin of the Oscar realm.
If Oscar Wilde really did live in terror of not being misunderstood—as he wrote in The Critic as Artist in 1891, he need not have worried. At least not so far as his plays are concerned, because there are parts of the texts now so arcane that they are almost bound to be misunderstood—if they are understood at all.
Take Wilde’s most famous play The Importance of Being Earnest.
As many appreciate, Earnest still resonates today in everything from the fact that sugar is no longer fashionable to the facade of human shallowness.
But we should not allow the play’s continuing relevance to distract us from its many dated, regional or topical allusions, many of which had an esoteric meaning when Wilde wrote them, but which are now elusive—especially for

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.372473
Retrieved Text: View Essay - The Importance of Being Earnest Essay from ENGLISH AP Literat at Bishop Shanahan High School. AP Literature Summer Reading Assignment The Importance of Being Earnest – By Oscar Wilde.
AP Literature: The Importance of Being Earnest Free-Response Prompt and Thesis Justification ... Write an essay in which you show why this laughter is “thoughtful” and how it contributes to the meaning of the work. Justification: Thesis: 2016. Many works of literature contain a character who intentionally deceives others.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.237783
Retrieved Text: A presentation copy of Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest that the author gave to the governor of Reading Gaol will appear at Bonhams London on June 18.
The book is inscribed to Major Nelson, who was the governor of the prison when Wilde was sentenced to two years hard labour there for "gross indecency" in 1895, the result of his homosexual love affairs.
The Importance of Being Earnest had opened at theatres some months before, but closed after 56 performances when Wilde was convicted. It was not published again until 1899, the year before Wilde's death, and was not seen in London's West End until 1902.
"To Major Nelson: from the author. A trivial recognition of a great and noble kindness. Feb, 99."
Having been transferred from Wandsworth prison to Reading, Oscar Wilde's mental and physical health began to deteriorate drastically under the draconian rule of then governor Henry Isaacson.
Isaacson was replaced with Major James Nelson the following year, who gave Wilde access to books.
"The Home Office has allowed you some books. Perhaps you would like to read this one. I have just been reading it myself," he is reported to have said to his most famous prisoner.
Nelson also allowed Wilde to begin writing, although all work had to be passed to the guards each evening. It was during this time that Wilde produced his final major work, De Profundis.
The manuscript of De Profundis was gifted to Nelson on Wilde's release in 1897.
"This inscribed edition of The Importance of Being Earnest is a poignant reminder of the very

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: daring and beautifully made . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.92398
Retrieved Text: Our Jellycat melamine plate is ideal for your little apes' lunches. Durable, robust, fun and beautifully illustrated with our adorable and daring little Mattie the Monkey.
* Made from 100% melamine.
* Not suitable for microwave use.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.664824
Retrieved Text: Our unique Oxy gown has an on trend and modern bohemian vibe. Offering a plunging v-neck, semi transparent bodice with built in bra cups, and the option of a skirt split, she’s absolutely perfect for the bride who’s looking for the WOW factor. You’ll be the centre of attention in our Oxy, she’s truly beautifully bohemian.
Our Oxy gown is made from a modern aztec patterned lace and lined with a soft, silky semi-stretch fabric. Her form fitted shape beautifully hugs the curves of your body and the option of a skirt split takes the gown to another level for the more daring bride. She’s available with an ivory or french vanilla lining.
You will feel like an aztec princess in our Oxy.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.521147
Retrieved Text: Step back in time to a Medieval fantasy world with Holztiger. From daring knights to deadly dragons and regal monarchs, children will love to play with and collect these beautifully hand-made wooden figures. The natural look and feel of the wood of these beautiful toys evokes a connection with your child's surroundings and the environment. These Waldorf-inspired toys allow children to create their own fantasy worlD where the animals and their imaginations come to life.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.459295
Retrieved Text: The elegant PARISIENNE gown is one of our Bo & Luca icons. This gown features a demure high neckline with a daring open back and sheer, beaded long sleeves. The soft layers for tulle that this gown is made from has been entirely hand beaded with pale gold and silver beads and sequin that lend to this gown it’s striking luster. With its mermaid, fit and flare shape, this gown hugs the body subtly before cascading down in soft layers of tulle.
Please note all our gowns are beautifully hand-crafted and therefore made to order. Contact us for more details.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.150803
Retrieved Text: A dress worthy of becoming a part of your wardrobe, this red creation is a total must have!
Daring and bold silhoulette with complimentary drapings in gorgeous color – perfect for summer. But wait – that’s not all! Another accent of this maxi dress is the open back which creates a more graceful and feminine look.
No matter where you wish to go wearing this asymmetric dress, you will definitely be noticed!
Beautifully made, great color, fits perfectly and the back is just amazing! Love it! Thank you Metamorphoza you never disappoint!
Perfetto! Grazie x il regalo !

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.918398
Retrieved Text: Inspired by the tropical shades that you might find in the coral reef, this bright and bold collection is truly joyful. From the forward-thinking Asiatic Carpets, the Reef Rugs Collection features 18 key designs. From oversized florals and geometric prints, to colour blocking and abstract shapes, this unique collection is electric and contemporary.
Ideal for adding a pop of colour and a flash of daring design to your home, the rugs in this collection are made from wool and hand tufted for a luxury finish. Beautifully soft and of striking quality, the Reef Rugs range will have you smiling from first glance.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.328085
Retrieved Text: Filed under Appetizers, Daring Bakers, Dessert, Main Meals, Pastry, Recipes, Snacks. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
You have done a great job as always!! I like both filling. Yum!
I love your chicken and mushroom and salmon and cream cheese – it’s so beautifully retro!
they look amazing Anita – great job!
They look very professional, especially with the shine from the egg wash. It’s great that you can make sweet and savoury fillings too. They look great with the salmon and the nut toppings.
What beautiful pastry! Very flaky! Great job!
Beautiful rise! I love the fillings – Yum =D.
beautiful! absolutely beautiful! I love your filling combination too! the salmon sounds delish!
Brilliant stuff here…just awesome. Look at how beautifully they rose. Love your choice of fillings too, both the sweet & savoury…excellent!
I haven’t made these in ages. I love your fillings and the photos are perfect!
Wow! These look great. I love the savoury filling. It looks so complicated, but definitely looks like it was all worth it! Well done!
oh wow, your puff pastry looks so dream like! check out the air pockets in the third photo, I am in absolute Awe!!!
White chocolate and raspberry are a match made in dessert heaven. What a delicious treat..
Looks so delicious, and beautiful! Great job!
These look devine!! I like the savoury fillings especially.
Wow, all of them look so perfect…so yummie, I’d have a hard to to decide which one I want it first…great pictures!
Those are PERFECT

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.291882
Retrieved Text: My card is created with the gold embossed papers and flower stamps from the Live Beautifully Campaign. This collection is only available in the month of May or while supplies last....get yours before they are gone!
Very elegant-looking card, beautiful job! Thanks for playing along with the Daring Cardmakers this week!
All that glitters on your card is very gold ;-). But it's a lovely combination with the white.
Thanks for sharing your elegant card with the Daring Cardmakers.
Elegant. I love the embossed polka dots.
Gorgeous and elegant. I spotted your card on Creative With Stamps, Donna #56.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.201717
Retrieved Text: Our unique Loni gown has an on trend and modern bohemian vibe. Featuring a flattering v-neck and plunging transparent v-back, with built in bra cups and boning, and the option of a skirt split, she’s absolutely perfect for the bride who’s looking for the WOW factor. You’ll be the centre of attention in our Loni, she’s a breathtaking show stopper.
Our Loni gown is made from a modern delicate aztec patterned lace with small descrete sequins and lined with a soft, silky semi-stretch fabric. Her form fitted shape beautifully hugs the curves of your body and the option of a skirt split takes the gown to another level for the more daring bride.
You will feel like a queen in our Loni.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.063965
Retrieved Text: A dramatic fishtail with 3/4 length sheer lace sleeves and daring scalloped ‘v’ back neckline, finished beautifully with buttons. The defined fishtail skirt finishes in a chapel train. Zip and button fastening. Available in ivory.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.038519
Retrieved Text: Dido's Designs: Summer Holiday Time on A Gem of A Challenge.
Summer Holiday Time on A Gem of A Challenge.
Its time for another challenge over on A Gem of a Challenge. This fortnight we would like to see your Summertime Creations.
I went for a card using the super cute Summer Milly. (Link Below). Loved this SU paper to go with it, full of summery watermelons.
Thanks for dropping by today, I dont have much planned this weekend, so hoping to relax and recharge.
Daring Cardmakers - Go Outside - Its Summer.
Daisy Chain Challenge - Summertime.
Use Your Stuff - Birthdays.
Lovely colouring and that watermelon paper is perfect for a summery card! Thanks for joining us this week at Daring Cardmakers!
Lovely summer card, gorgeous image beautifully coloured. Thank you for joining us at Daring Cardmakers this week.
Beautiful card and such amazing coloring! Thanks for sharing with us at Use Your Stuff and hope to see you again!
She's so cute and I love the patterned paper!
Great layout and she is a little cutie! Thanks for joining in at STB.
That's a wonderful summer card. Spending time outside is lovely. The melon background adds a great summery touch as well!
Thanks for sharing your card with the Daring Cardmakers this week.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.023575
Retrieved Text: Go Polish Yourself: Glitter, Glitter Who's Got Glitter?
I have heard some of your suggestions and the one I wanted to try first was a comparison post. For me, the most of one type of color that I had was glitters in blues and greens.
First off, I wanted to show you all of the polishes that I used in order.
and Daring Digits The Lake.
I took three pictures to show the differences between the polishes. They are in the same order as the pictures I showed above. (Butter London, L.A. Colors, L.A. Colors, Pure Ice and Daring Digits.
If I am being honest, my favorite two were from the teal three, I would have to say it was a tie between Daring Digits and the L.A. Colors. The Daring Digits polish has an amazing glitter that glittered with rainbow colors, whereas the L.A. Colors was more of an overall coverage.
My favorite polish of the blue two was Butter London. Although it's nine dollars compared to L.A. Colors at most three dollars, it does have a far more superior all over coverage and photographs beautifully.
Hope you liked this post! If you have any ideas for new posts, feel free to PM my page or leave me a message in the comments below!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.514074
Retrieved Text: With pouches of pearls at one end balancing stylish metal rings at the other, LELO’s beautifully long silk restraints offer a new approach to sensual teasing. Turn your surroundings into the most sensual backdrop for pleasure. Looping the ties through the rings, a partner can be held by either ankles or wrists in the ways that excite them most. The pearls serve another purpose as well: when draped over a door that is then closed behind, they are large enough to stop the ties from being pulled through, ensuring the most passionate possibilities in bedroom play.
Luxuriously touchable materials - made with 100% pure silk, freshwater pearls and nickel-free metal rings.
Stylish and versatile - LELO’s signature jacquard and ample length allows for utmost style.
Limitless possibilities for play - bedposts, table legs, chairs; let your imagination dictate the action.
Your gateway to new pleasures - ideal for the curious and daring couple.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.314129
Retrieved Text: The team behind Alvina Valenta, believes in ethereal romance, iconic elegance, and effortlessly luxe glamour – and designer Jessica Williams creates a variety of gowns that all beautifully accentuate a bride’s feminine shape.
Amaré Couture – the eldest sister in the Casablanca Bridals family – is for the more established and daring, fashion-forward bride looking for an extravagant, one of a kind gown for her special day.
Andree Salon is where you become the designer.
Angel B has been around since 2003 and offers on-trend, fashion-focused collections at an excellent price point. All gowns are made to order with a delivery lead time of 14 weeks.
One of South Africa’s most loved fashion designers with 30 years’ experience, Kobus was best known for his couture evening and bridal gowns – until he launched Anna Georgina in 2012. A tribute to his mother, Anna Georgina showcases the very best of Kobus’ runway designs with garment construction that makes each gown fit perfectly.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.219309
Retrieved Text: Anyone brave and daring enough to capture beautifully detailed and up close photographs of brown bears is definitely someone we needed to have share their experience with us.
Samantha Ushiro of Aww Sam contributed to Adobe Stock’s new Premium collection. Learn more about building a digital brand, creating a constant stream of innovative content for Instagram, and the importance of having fun with your work.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.217398
Retrieved Text: We’re consistently drawn to beautifully shaped furniture of luxe fabrications and bold colors to update any room. We find inspiration in the use of design elements and materials that elevate these select chairs. Whether created in bold colors, neutral tones, leather or denim, each of these beautifully crafted accent seats embody luxury to maximize any interior to a level of sophistication.
Explore decorating these chairs with a juxtaposed sofa or create a space that incorporates four seats around a coffee table — daring to stray away from your typical living room setup. Each piece of furniture could even be used as a fancy office chair or a stylish vanity piece in your closet or bathroom — the chairs evoke comfort and understated glamour with ease!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.06262
Retrieved Text: What style do you want to rock in 2017? Want something chic and simple, bold and daring? Whatever look you’re going for, Eye Etiquette will help you look your best. We’ve just added new stock from, Zen Barcelona, Gx by Gwen Stefani, Silhouette, Jimmy Choo, and Dilem. We’re also proud to announce we will now be carrying Lamarca, beautifully bold frames from Italy!
Check out their website- www.lamarcaeyewear.com.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.021738
Retrieved Text: This is a beautifully feminine, romantic watch, combining leather, pink stainless steel and a round dial covered with the most flamboyant blooms. The discreet, slim, black leather wrist strap makes a striking contrast with the broad, round, splendidly flowery case, bringing a touch of unexpected daring to your wrist. A Christian Lacroix signature to match the hands, hour marks and dial adds the finishing touch to its elegantly feminine appeal.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.960005
Retrieved Text: "Urban, Elegant and Sensational” are the concepts behind the designs of Patinya.
Patinya is strikingly confident yet sensitive daring to rebel against the ordinary. She lives a practical sophisticated lifestyle, knowing the true qualities of herself and what is best for her. With her uniqueness and admirable to fine quality, Patinya seeks only for the best in design, finest fabric and cutting that surpasses the highest standards essentially devote to support her eminent appearances. With advocates for the metropolitan life, Patinya “Day-to-night” designs enriches professional look for one who lead important and dynamic roles in the daytime which at night can in an instant beautifully change her look for a romantic dinner or great time among friends.
Patinya superiority are reflected in many aspects beginning from international trend designs that are well matched with classic color shades, sophisticated pattern making combined with the finest fabric and tailoring quality that equips both modern and classic haute couture techniques. In addition Patinya carefully designs and tailors limited masterpiece dresses that are made on a customizable basis for the utmost special occasions.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.867683
Retrieved Text: The novel's narrator, Stevens, is a perfect English butler who tries to give his narrow existence form and meaning through the self-effacing, almost mystical practice of his profession. In a career that spans the second world war, Stevens is oblivious of the real life that goes on around him--oblivious, for instance, of the fact that his aristocrat employer is a Nazi sympathizer. Still, there are even larger matters at stake in this heartbreaking, beautifully crafted novel-- namely, Stevens' own ability to allow some bit of life-affirming love into his tightly repressed existence.
"An intricate and dazzling novel." --"The New York Times"
"Brilliant and quietly devastating." --"Newsweek "
"""A virtuoso performance ... put on with dazzling daring and aplomb." --"The New York Review of Books"
An intricate and dazzling novel. "The New York Times"
Brilliant and quietly devastating. "Newsweek "
" "A virtuoso performance ... put on with dazzling daring and aplomb. "The New York Review of Books"
The novel rests firmly on the narrative sophistication and flawless control of tone ... of a most impressive novelist. Julian Barnes"

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.759459
Retrieved Text: Chantal Thomass is renowned for her bold and inspirational lingerie designs .For Chantal Thomass " lingerie is fashion" and she treats it as such. Celebrate your playful side in this daring and beautifully crafted brief . Striking on the body side of boxer string is detailed with stretch bands over mesh and satin bow detail . We love the double mesh on back of boxer string for a seamless look under clothing .Wear with the matching balconette bra for a truly audacious lingerie set.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.655539
Retrieved Text: Goldert may be the most well protected of all the Grands Crus of Alsace and is famed for perennial success of Muscat and Gewurztraminer.
2005 Riesling Grand Cru Goldert is grown on calcareous soil overlooking the Rhine, and is beautifully crafted by Eliane Ginglinger in Voegtlinshoffen. The promising nose is tempting with candied lemon, mature exotic fruits and a hint of honey. The taste is full but focused, daring but dry, fresh with a trace of grapefruity bitterness, characteristic minerals and seducive fruit. Pure quality. Price: € 9.80.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.545385
Retrieved Text: Stay in one of these cabins for the ultimate Montana experience that you will remember for years to come. Blending in beautifully with the outdoorsy scenery, these special cabins will ensure that you are in comfort and style every minute of the day. Wander out to the countless nearby hiking trails for some quality time in nature or take a daring trip down the Going-to-the-Sun Road where there are sights so impressive you won't believe your eyes. You're bound to become head over heels in love with Montana's raw and untouched beauty.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.537277
Retrieved Text: The daring Scarlet Temple Cushion Cover will brighten any room in your home. The geometric print design and rich colour palette will bring a touch of elegance to your interior decor. The combination of deep red and white is contrasting and energising and will beautifully brighten your living space.
The unique geometric zig zag pattern will bring some texture to a plain sofa or bed spread. Crafted from high quality cotton linen, the Scarlet Temple Cushion Cover can be easily removed for washing. This high quality cushion cover is long lasting and hard wearing.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.526688
Retrieved Text: Fresh and fashionable, this diamond pendant is certain to take her breath away. Beautifully crafted in 10K gold, this daring design showcases a composite of shimmering round diamonds set in a circular frame at the center. A border of accent diamonds surrounds the center cluster, while intricate milgrain detailing adds heirloom appeal. A classic look she's sure to adore, this stunning style dazzles with 1/2 ct. t.w. of diamonds and a bright polished shine. The pendant suspends along an 18.0-inch rope chain that secures with a spring-ring clasp.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.524183
Retrieved Text: Make a bold and daring statement in your home with this fierce majesty framed print. With eyes like fire, this predator can mesmerise almost any being, luring them into her reach. Decorated with azure blue jewels and lace head dress, this queen is the alpha amongst her pack. By Requiem Collective, this mini monotone print is beautifully framed in white, perfect for adding some dangerous glam to your home.
High quality, framed Fierce Majesty, Requiem Collective framed mini poster with a bespoke frame by our custom framing service.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.34555
Retrieved Text: Lester Young is the king-pin on the Kansas City Six version of Way Down Yonder. This is chamber jazz, pianoless, by a group of Basie-ites, Eddie Durham's electric guitar combining in the front line with Young's tenor and the beautifully incisive muted trumpet of Buck Clayton. Young's rhythmic daring and harmonic subtlety laid some of the groundwork for modern jazz.
At 15, Kay Starr was chosen to sing with the Joe Venuti orchestra. Venuti had a contract to play in the Peabody Hotel, Memphis and need to feature a girl singer, which he did not have.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.31527
Retrieved Text: Our Place Sainte-Foy store has always been a “trend-setter” within the Simons company. In 1952, it was the first store to be located in a shopping center (a daring decision at the time), and recently, it underwent significant renovations to completely streamline and modernize its design. Now when you visit the store, you'll be greeted by an impressive glass structure with a crisp white interior. Each section has its own distinct atmosphere. Today, the Place Sainte-Foy store defines the Simons ideal of a unique balance between functionality, organization and a beautifully designed environment.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.308094
Retrieved Text: HomeOperaJoin Lyric Opera of Kansas City on a Journey of Self-Discovery with As One.
Saturday, January 27 at 7:30 p.m.
General admission tickets are just $25 at kcopera.org or by calling Ticketing & Patron Services at (816) 471-7344.
As One premiered in September of 2014 with American Opera Projects, in association with The Brooklyn Academy of Music at the BAM Fisher Center in New York. The New York Observer said, “As One is everything we hope for in a contemporary opera; topical poignant, daring, and beautifully written.” Subsequently, As One has become one of the most frequently produced contemporary operas nationwide.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.299995
Retrieved Text: Do you have that certain person in your life who just loves to takes risks and be adventurous? I think many of us do and I have a great gift idea for just that person. If your like me, you like to see all the daring adventurous stuff but you may not really like to do that daring and adventurous stuff. If that is true then you should definitely look into getting your friend or family member a GoPro camera so you can share in those amazing moments without all the risk and danger! With the GoPro camera they can capture all of life’s craziest moments to share with everyone in your life!
Where do you get one of these GoPro cameras? Well, Best Buy is the home of the latest cameras and camcorders, including the full line of new GoPro cameras, plus a broad assortment of accessories so you should definitely head there this holiday season. GoPro cameras make perfect holiday gifts for everyone, from kids and teens, to gadget gurus. GoPro’s new line of cameras allow you to beautifully and authentically capture and share the experiences that bring purpose, adventure, and joy to your life.
This holiday season there are three new GoPro cameras to add to your wish list.

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age . . . and then only as a very mild rental . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.093807
Retrieved Text: OBJECTIVE: To determine the reasons adolescents are not vaccinated for specific vaccines and how these reasons have changed over time.
METHODS: We analyzed the 2008–2010 National Immunization Survey of Teens examining reasons parents do not have their teens immunized. Parents whose teens were not up to date (Not-UTD) for Tdap/Td and MCV4 were asked the main reason they were not vaccinated. Parents of female teens Not-UTD for human papillomavirus vaccine (HPV) were asked their intent to give HPV, and those unlikely to get HPV were asked the main reason why not.
RESULTS: The most frequent reasons for not vaccinating were the same for Tdap/Td and MCV4, including “Not recommended” and “Not needed or not necessary.” For HPV, the most frequent reasons included those for the other vaccines as well as 4 others, including “Not sexually active” and “Safety concerns/Side effects.” “Safety concerns/Side effects” increased from 4.5% in 2008 to 7.7% in 2009 to 16.4% in 2010 and, in 2010, approaching the most common reason “Not Needed or Not Necessary” at 17.4% (95% CI: 15.7–19.1). Although parents report that health care professionals increasingly recommend all vaccines, including HPV, the intent to not vaccinate for HPV increased from 39.8% in 2008 to 43.9% in 2010 (OR for trend 1.08, 95% CI: 1.04–1.13).
CONCLUSIONS: Despite doctors increasingly recommending adolescent vaccines, parents increasingly intend not to vaccinate female teens with HPV. The concern about safety of HPV grew with each year. Addressing specific and growing parental concerns about HPV will require different considerations than those for the other vaccines.
The reasons why teens are

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.867567
Retrieved Text: Mammography rates for 20 community-based family practices in Ontario: a full practice audit.
BACKGROUND: Many Canadian women 50 to 69 years of age do not have a mammogram within the recommended screening interval of every two years. Recent data suggest that over 50% of Canadian women did not have a time-appropriate mammogram and that not having a family physician was a significant factor associated with suboptimal screening. This study reviewed medical charts of 20 family physicians' practices to examine their mammography screening patterns. METHODS: Medical charts of all women between 52 and 71 years of age in 20 family practices were examined for mammography reports between September 2003 and June 2004. RESULTS: Across the 20 practices, 3,430 charts of eligible women 52 to 71 years of age were reviewed (mean per practice = 173 women; ranging from 38 to 385). The two-year time-appropriate mammography rate was 58.8%. The screening rates ranged from 25% to 76% across 20 practices. Four practices attained a 70% or greater time-appropriate screening rate. When we extended the time-appropriate frame to 36 months, the overall mammography rate increased to 70.0%. Practice size, method of remuneration for patient care, use of an electronic medical record, gender or age of physician, practice setting, use of Ontario Breast Screening Program (OBSP) were not found to be significantly associated with mammography screening rates. INTERPRETATION: Mammography rates within the recommended two-year interval for women who have a regular family physician are suboptimal. The rates for women in this study, all of whom have a family physician, were only

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.040546
Retrieved Text: The California State Assembly is considering a bill that would extend the time period in which new drivers are required to keep provisional driver’s licenses, drawing the ire of many young motorists in the state.
The new legislation, titled AB63 and introduced by Bay Area Assemblyman Jim Frazier (D-Oakley), mandates that all new drivers under the age of 21 be given provisional licenses for a year.
Under current state laws, only drivers under the age of 18 are given provisional licenses, which bar them from driving passengers under 20 years old (unless accompanied by a parent or person 25 or older) and between the hours of 11 p.m. and 5 a.m.
The restrictions typically expire after a year or until the driver's 18th birthday, and there are exceptions for work-related travel or driving family members.
AB63 has the support of the California Association of Highway Patrolmen and teen-safety advocacy groups.
“We are proud to be sponsors of this bill and look forward to working together toward a common goal—saving young drivers’ lives and making roadways safer for all of us,” said Doug Villars, President of the association, in a news release announcing the bill.
More than 2,200 teens between the ages of 16 and 19 died as a result of traffic-related injuries in 2014, and car crashes continue to be the no. 1 killer of teens compared to any other cause of death, according to the Center for Disease Control.
For Frazier, these statistics hit close to home: His daughter died in a car accident in 2000, a tragic event is credited with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.445375
Retrieved Text: Teen Vaccination Rates Increasing Across the U.S.
Continued increases -- as much as 15 percent -- were made in nationwide coverage for vaccines specifically recommended for pre-teens, according to 2009 National Immunization Survey-Teen (NIS-Teen) estimates released today by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The survey of more than 20,000 teens aged 13-17 found that in 2009 there were increases in the percentage of teens in this age group who had received vaccines routinely recommended for 11- and 12-year-olds.
- As in 2008, there was wide variation in adolescent vaccination coverage among state and local areas.
"This year's data are mixed," says Anne Schuchat, MD, director of CDC's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases. "We can see that more parents of adolescents are electing to protect their children from serious diseases such as pertussis, meningitis, and cervical cancer, but there is clear room for improvement in our system's ability to reach this age group."
"Pertussis outbreaks in several states and an increase in pertussis-related infant deaths in California highlight how important it is for pre-teens to receive the Tdap booster," Schuchat adds. "It is important for teens and adults to get a one-time dose of Tdap to protect themselves and those around them from whooping cough. Young infants are most vulnerable to serious complications from pertussis and can be infected by older siblings, parents or other caretakers."
The CDC encourages parents to talk with their child's healthcare provider to find out when to come in for recommended check-ups.
"Completing the three-dose HPV vaccine series is very important to ensure protection against

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.193226
Retrieved Text: The Broadway hit RENT was written 20 years ago, tackling issues of injustice and intolerance in a nation gripped by the AIDS epidemic.
Much has changed since then. But as Harper College prepares to stage the musical this month, Professor Laura Pulio-Colbert says it's also evident the message still needs to be heard.
"Rent is about seeing the goodness in each and every human being, and that's a lesson that will never grow outdated," says Pulio-Colbert, the show's director, pointing specifically to the rash of gay teens whose suicides have made recent headlines and the continued news coverage of human rights issues across the globe. "It's also about appreciating the gifts we have been given, and appreciating every day that we live to appreciate them."
Set in New York City's East Village in the late 1980s, the Tony Award-winning RENT follows a year in the life of a group of friends struggling to make it in the big city - navigating dreams, love and conflict amid a score that blends electric rock with salsa, Motown, bebop and reggae.
Longtime Harper set designer Paul Dombrowski recommended the production to Pulio-Colbert, saying the musical, which simultaneously demonstrates the strides that have been made in the human rights movement and reminds audiences of the work that still must be done, was a sure winner.
"RENT is a story of love, tolerance and coming together when the community is torn apart," Dombrowski says. "It is about accepting all people."
Show times are 8 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays, November 11 and 12 and November 18 and 19,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.642326
Retrieved Text: Most homeschoolers know about Honey for a Child’s Heart, and recently Heidi reviewed Honey for a Teen’s Heart here at The Curriculum Choice as well. That wonderful review motivated me to look for the book, and as soon as I returned my inter-library loan copy to the library, I bought it.
And that’s why I want to draw your attention to it again. After all, we know it takes several exposures to an idea before most people will do something about it. This book is worth that kind of effort and I think most homeschooling families will benefit greatly from it.
Honey for a Teen’s Heart, a book about books for teens, has two valuable sections: the how and why part written by Gladys Hunt and the book lists compiled by Barbara Hampton.
As Heidi described in detail, Gladys Hunt’s section is about using books to communicate with teens. The teen years are often (not always) a time of decreasing communication and sharing good books gives many opportunities to discuss important, relevant, and personal issues. They are also a way of having fun together, meeting new people, and doing new things, in other words, of sharing experiences that are often emotional. Such sharing can only be good. In fact, in a Christian home such sharing can be exceedingly powerful.
In ten chapters, Gladys Hunt organizes her thoughts about books, society, teens, imagination, values, education, and the Bible. She emphasizes the importance of asking questions of a book, and in that sense this book is a helpful guide to high school

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.45611
Retrieved Text: The patient population of NHS North Kirklees Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) is more than 185,000 people and this is predicted to rise by 12% by 2030 especially in those aged over 65 years, where 1 in 5 will be in this age group. The South Asian population is increasing, especially in Batley and Dewsbury where 38% of those aged under 18 are now South Asian.
Smoking remains at the heart of many of the diseases most common in North Kirklees such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), respiratory disease and cancers, especially lung cancer and infant and children’s health. 1 in 5 (20%) adults smoke and 1 in 10 (10%) 14-year olds smoke.
Obesity is rising in adults, though static in children (aged 10-11 years) at present, and affecting 1 in 5 of both groups.
More women of childbearing age are smoking (almost 1 in 4 (23%)), binge drinking (over 1 in 4 (28%)), and are not concerned about their levels of drinking. Only 1 in 3 (35%) of women of childbearing age meet the recommended level of physical activity.
1 in 5 (19%) of the adult population in Kirklees are carers. This will increase as the population live longer and changes are made to social care provision for those with higher care needs. Adult carers are more likely to have poorer health, especially pain and depression, than non-carers.
In 2010 Dewsbury and Batley had the highest proportion of people living in areas ranked as the worst deprived 20%. In Spen, the proportion of people living in areas ranked as the worst deprived

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.347355
Retrieved Text: We all know getting enough sleep is a vital ingredient to better health and for more productive days – but how many hours of sleep is enough?
Short answer: the ideal length of sleep is not a one-size-fits-all, but there are recommended sleep times for each age group. Let Sealy walk you through the recommended sleep length at different stages of a person’s lifespan.
Children, from newborns to pre-teens, typically need more sleep than their adult counterparts due to their rapid mental and physical growth. The length of a good night’s sleep for kids at different stages are outlined below.
Aside from the getting enough sleep at night, consistent daytime naps are also essential for children 5 years of age and under.
There is often a change in the timing of teens’ sleep, where they naturally want to stay up later and sleep in. This may lead to lack of sleep if they are allowed to go to bed late, but have school early in the morning on the following day. For this reason, being aware of and practicing good sleeping habits are especially important at this stage. More information on the causes and tips for avoiding sleep deprivation in teens here.
At the beginning of adult life, around 20 years of age, the required number of hours of sleep begins to stabilise.
There are adults who get less than their optimal length of sleep due to various factors such as stress, sleeping disorders and late work shifts, among others. Some, however, genuinely require shorter amounts of sleep to feel refreshed; while

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.345
Retrieved Text: Here are a dozen dressy patterns for women and teens. First, “afternoon” dresses, for formal events, dinners, and tea dances.
Butterick afternoon dress 1796, Delineator, January 1928, page 34. She holds her clutch bag under her arm while adjusting her gloves.
Left, an alternate view of dress 1796, with coat 1836, center, and a dressy combination: Blouse 1782 with skirt 1808.
This afternoon dress is really a practical skirt and blouse combination, Butterick blouse 1782 and skirt 1808. Delineator, p. 34. January, 1928. The top and skirt could be paired with others, in different colors, like the afternoon skirt and blouse combination shown below.
A simple twenties’ blouse is combined with a top-stitched skirt and a fox stole. Butterick 1778 with skirt 1839, from January 1928. There is a chenille pom-pom/flower on her shoulder.
Butterick afternoon dress 1823, Delineator, January 1928, p. 34.
Butterick afternoon dress pattern 1802, Delineator, January 1928, p. 34. Although the fabric is a print, the long side drape on this surplice dress makes it too formal for casual or office wear.
Alternate views of afternoon dresses from Butterick, January 1928. These views show less formal hemlines without dipping draperies, and long or short sleeve options.
Butterick evening dress 1801 has long fringe on the skirt and on the shawl. Delineator, January 1928, page 35. The complex bodice would be interesting enough without the shawl, which seems to have had two pattern options, as a scarf or a shawl.
Butterick evening gown 1806 has fluttering draperies and a deep V in front, revealing a contrasting “vestee” (under bodice.) January, 1928. This

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.156254
Retrieved Text: ← Erectile dysfunction myths debunked!
Tobacco adverts run the risk of persuading teenagers to start smoking according to researchers behind a new study published in the online only journal BMJ Open.
Researchers from The Institute for Therapy and Health Research in Germany, claim that by just seeing 10 adverts for tobacco, this can increase risk of youngsters picking up the deadly habit.
The claims emanate from the researcher’s findings from a two and a half year period where they closely tracked over 1,300 non-smoking 10 to 15-year-olds, specifically monitoring the teenager’s exposure to tobacco advertising and their subsequent behaviour.
Whilst tobacco advertising to the public is completely outlawed in the United Kingdom due to the Tobacco Advertising and Promotion Act 2002, in Germany tobacco advertising on billboards is still permitted. In addition, tobacco smoking in Germany is still advertised in certain magazines, during sporting events, and in petrol stations. Television and radio advertising for such products however is banned.
The German researchers began monitoring the teenagers – selected from public schools in three separate regions of Germany – in 2008. They were quizzed on how often they had seen certain advertisements, which included those of Germany’s top six most popular cigarette brands as well as eight more non-tobacco products. These included mobile phones, cars, clothes and chocolate.
In 2011, after 30 months had passed, the teenagers were asked the same questions as before. They were also asked about if they had smoked in the previous two and a half years, and if so, how often.
It was discovered that around a third of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.820023
Retrieved Text: Feb. 21 (UPI) -- A study published Thursday showed calls to U.S. poison control centers regarding the herbal supplement kratom have increased more than 50-fold in recent years.
The poison control center calls have increased from 13 in 2011 to 682 in 2017. According to the study published in the journal Clinical Toxicology, there were 1,807 exposures across the seven-year period with 65 percent of those intances occurring in 2016-2017.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration describes Mitragyna speciosa, more commonly known as kratom, as a plant which grows naturally in Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia and Papua Guinea.
The herbal supplement has gained national attention as some have reported using the the drug to treat pain and help them refrain from using opioids.
The American Kratom Association has estimated 3 to 5 million people in the United States use kratom.
However, the FDA warns against using the drug and says more research needs to be done to look into it.
"There is no reliable evidence to support the use of kratom as a treatment for opioid use disorder and significant safety issues exist," FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb, M.D., said in a statement last year.
Most kratom exposures occurred in adult males, age 20 or older, and were intentional, the study found. There were also 137 exposures in teens, 48 in children under age 12, and seven neonatal exposures.
"Among first-ranked kratom exposures, 31.8 percent resulted in admission to a health care facility and 51.9 percent in a serious medical outcome," the study said.
Eleven deaths were associated with kratom exposure along with other substances. Two of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.663105
Retrieved Text: At the beginning of each year, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), in collaboration with professional societies, releases updated versions of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommended U.S. immunization schedules for children and teens as well as for adults. These updated schedules reflect changes that were made in vaccination recommendations during the previous year.
Recommended Immunization Schedules for Persons Aged 0 Through 18 Years, United States, 2015(PDF). This six-page schedule, which was published by CDC in late January, includes the age-based routine vaccination schedule for children and teens and the approved "catch-up" immunization schedule for people age 4 months through 18 years who start vaccination late or who are more than one month behind. The schedule also includes three pages of essential explanatory footnotes. An article in the February 6 MMWR (pages 93–94) provides a summary of the changes for 2015. CDC’s immunization schedule website offers multiple options for viewing or printing the schedules. Easy-to-read versions for parents also are available.
Recommended Adult Immunization Schedule, United States, 2015. The five-page “combined version” of the adult schedule provides recommendations by age group as well as medical condition, two pages of essential footnotes, and a final page summarizing the contraindications and precautions for adult vaccine use. An article in the February 6 MMWR (pages 91–92) summarizes changes to the adult guidance, including new pneumococcal vaccine recommendations. Like the childhood and adolescent schedules described above, several additional formats of the adult schedules, including patient-friendly versions, are available on the CDC website.
To make your job easier, the Immunization

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.654226
Retrieved Text: Teens are getting less sleep these days — and it could make them more likely to have heart disease as adults.
Over the past 20 years, the amount of sleep that teens get has dropped significantly. Only about half of them regularly get more than seven hours of sleep, with older teens sleeping less than younger ones — which, given that the recommended amount is eight to 10 hours, is bad news.
This is bad news for all sorts of reasons. Our bodies need sleep. When we get less sleep, not only are we cranky, we are less able to learn new information, our reaction times are longer, we may have behavioral changes or mental health problems — and it affects our health.
In a study just published in the journal Pediatrics, researchers looked at the sleeping habits of 829 adolescents between the ages of 12 and 16, with a mean age of 13. They found that a third of them slept less than seven hours every night, and nearly half of them were fully asleep for less than 85% of that nightly sleep time.
But here’s where it gets worrisome. The researchers found that those who got less sleep were more likely to have a high “metabolic risk score.” They were more likely to have belly fat, high blood pressure, and abnormal blood lipids, as well as insulin resistance, something that increases the risk of diabetes.
So not only are sleep-deprived teens more likely to do poorly in school, be depressed, and get into car crashes, they are also more

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.565458
Retrieved Text: If teen drivers continue to text, speed, drive drunk and engage in other risky behavior, car crashes will remain their No. 1 killer.
Efforts in some states, such as New Jersey and Texas, are aimed at reducing these roadway tragedies. Car accidents account for 3,500 – nearly half – of all teen deaths each year in the U.S., according to the National Institutes of Health.
Instead of scare tactics, state lawmakers and safe driving organizations are getting teens more involved in creating safe driving programs and launching innovative initiatives tied to Graduated Drivers Licensing (GDL) laws. All states have GDL laws, which phase in full driving privileges by age 18, but laws in some states are tougher than others.
“States are certainly being proactive. They’re trying a number of different approaches,” says Barbara Harsha, executive director of the Governors Highway Safety Association.
Teens are overrepresented in all deadly crashes, Harsha says. Teens make up about 15 percent of Americans, but teen drivers account for up to 30 percent of injuries in car crashes, according to the governors group.
Here is a look at innovative ways that lawmakers, state officials and safe-driving advocates are trying to prevent car crashes involving teen drivers. Car insurance companies are providing money and research for some efforts.
Anyone age 16 to 20 holding a driver’s permit or intermediate license (a probationary license granted after six months of driving with a permit) under New Jersey’s GDL program must display a reflective decal on their front and rear license plates.
The decal requirement aims to help reduce teen crash rates

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.554457
Retrieved Text: THURSDAY, Nov. 21, 2013 (HealthDay News) -- Too much time spent playing sports can be as bad as too little time for teens, a new study finds.
Swiss researchers found the greatest benefit seemed to be associated with 14 hours of sports a week. That's higher than European, American and World Health Organization (WHO) recommendations of at least seven hours of physical activity a week for adolescents.
Researchers Arnaud Merglen, at the University of Lausanne, and colleagues reported their findings online Nov. 20 in the Archives of Disease in Childhood.
They asked more than 1,200 participants aged 16 to 20 in Switzerland about their levels of sports participation. In addition, they assessed the participants' physical and mental well-being using a WHO scale of zero to 25. Scoring below 13 indicated poor well-being.
Participants were evenly split between males and females and their average age was just under 18. About 9 percent were overweight or obese. The average well-being score for all the teens was 17.
Weekly sports participation of zero to 3.5 hours was considered low and seen in 35 percent of teens. Between 3.6 and 10.5 hours was considered average and seen in 41.5 percent of participants. High levels of 10.6 to 17.5 hours were reported by 18.5 percent of participants, and very high levels of more than 17.5 hours were reported by 5 percent of tens.
Teens in the low and very high groups were more than twice as likely as those in the average group to score below 13 on the well-being scale, according to a journal news release.
Peak

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.530966
Retrieved Text: Mixing Instructions: One hour before bedtime, mix two scoops (50 g) of Enjuvenate with 8 oz. of ice-cold water, skim milk, or soy milk. Shake vigorously and drink immediately. Do not exceed recommended amount.
Recommended Use: For adult use only. Use Enjuvenate three (3) times per week. For best results, do not consume any food within one hour before or after consuming Enjuvenate.
Warning: Do not take if you are pregnant, lactating, have a medical condition, taking any medications, under a physician’s care, or allergic to soy protein, egg white, rice protein, or whey protein. Use only as directed.
The body’s production of some of these molecules is very high during childhood and adolescence. Unfortunately, after age 20 the release of these products by the pituitary gland falls at a rate of approximately 14 percent every 10 years. By age 60, a loss of 75 percent or more of these compounds is not uncommon. The physical symptoms such as wrinkles, increased body fat, loss of muscle mass, loss of energy and other signs that normally accompanies aging can be linked directly to this decrease in the production of these important biomolecules.
Secretagogues are supplements that work with your body to regulate the natural production of these important molecules. As the body creates more of these products, research has shown that many of the symptoms of aging may be reversed.
Q. Can a child or someone under the age of 35 take Enjuvenate?
A. Enjuvenate is not recommended for children or anyone under the age of 35.
Q. Can I add hot water to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.50691
Retrieved Text: Study after study has confirmed that insufficient sleep in teens is associated with bad grades, obesity, migraines, depression, unhealthy behaviors such as smoking, drinking and drug use.
Coming to grips with the end of summer is never easy. For many school-age kids and their parents, the hardest part is trying to adapt to a new sleep schedule. The routine of tweens and teens staying up late and waking up late comes to a jarring, crashing halt. It’s a nearly traumatic adjustment, not only for students but for the parents responsible for rousting them out of their slumber early in the morning. .
In many towns, it isn’t unusual for high school students, particularly those with long bus rides, to set their alarms before 6 a.m. Not only is that unpleasant, but it’s unhealthy.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends that high school students get nine to 10 hours of sleep a night. Middle school students require slightly less sleep and elementary school students need an hour or two less. But the CDC's Youth Risk Behavior Survey last year found that 75 percent of U.S. high school students get fewer than eight hours of sleep on school nights, and 43 percent get six or fewer hours.
A National Sleep Foundation poll found 59 percent of middle schoolers and 87 percent of high school students were getting less than the recommended hours of sleep on school nights.
Study after study has confirmed that insufficient sleep in teens is associated with bad grades, obesity, migraines, depression and unhealthy behaviors such as smoking,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.35224
Retrieved Text: A significant chunk of those millions of underage Facebook users are on the social network with their parents' blessing, according to a new survey.
In 1998, Congress passed the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) that requires Web sites to "obtain verifiable parental consent" before collecting personal information from children under 13.
This very well-intentioned law--enacted long before the advent of MySpace, Facebook, and other social networks--was designed to protect children from revealing information that could be used by companies to sell them products or by others to exploit them. Children under 13, according to the Federal Trade Commission, which enforces COPPA, are "particularly vulnerable to overreaching by marketers."
COPPA doesn't prevent companies like Facebook from admitting kids under 13, but it does present substantial and expensive roadblocks.
Companies with services aimed at younger kids, such as Disney's Club Penguin, have gone to considerable expense to comply with the law. But most companies, including Facebook, MySpace, and Google+, simply block pre-teens from the service. These rules are specified in the companies' terms of service, and companies generally require members to state their birth date. Any child whose date of birth indicates he or she is under 13 is blocked.
Other than requiring a birth date, very few services use any other type of age verification tools which, according to the Internet Safety Technical Task Force (which I was on), are largely impractical and can have unintended security and privacy consequences such as the risk of leaking the names and ages of children.
The FTC is currently reviewing COPPA and there is a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.27511
Retrieved Text: Is laser eye surgery safe for teenagers?
Although there is not a significant amount of data on the topic, there is little evidence to support the claim that LASIK eye surgery is safe for young children. A child's eyes are constantly changing through the development process as they age, and are typically not nearly complete developing until the child is at least 18 years old and can sometimes take even longer. The developmental process of the eye will vary slightly from person to person but it is more advisable for those over the age of 21 to look into LASIK eye surgery.It can now be concluded that LASIK eye surgery is not recommended for children under 18, in less a severe situation permits. And not for older individuals, as many eye conditions developed at an older age cannot be fixed with LASIK. A licensed LASIK professional can review all of your options and whether or not you are a good candidate for LASIK eye surgery.
Although LASIK is a safe and effective way to improve vision, the FDA has not approved the procedure for people under the age of 18 because their eyes are constantly changing until about that age. In some cases, a person's eyes may not fully develop until the age of 21. A teenager who undergoes LASIK surgery when his or her eyes are not fully developed will find the results to be temporary and may need corrective surgery in the future. Most doctors recommend that a patient's eye prescription be stable for at least

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.211075
Retrieved Text: We often relate vac-cinations with babies, but as children grow up, they come in contact with a variety of different diseases. Knowing the vaccines available to help protect your preteen/teen can make discussion with your physician quick and easy.
Tdap Vaccine protects a-gainst tetanus, diphtheria and pertussis (whooping cough). It is recommended at age 11 or 12 and is a school required vaccine before entering 6th grade.
Meningococcal Vaccine protects against bacteria that can cause meningitis and septicemia. It is also recommended at age 11 or 12, with a second dose at age 16.
Human Papillomavirus (HPV) Vaccine protects boys and girls from HPV infection and cancer caused by HPV. Anyone age 11-26 may receive the vaccine. Two or three doses of the vaccine are recommended.
Flu Vaccine offers pro-tection from influenza. It is recommended yearly, and highly encouraged for those with chronic health conditions such as asthma, diabetes or heart disease. Administration starts in October every year.
Now is a great time to schedule your preteen/teen for a yearly physical and discuss what vaccines are needed. Additional information on these vaccines can be found at www.cdc.gov/vaccines/teens.
Waushara County Health Department provides vac-cines for children ages 18 years and younger who are uninsured, Medicaid-eligible, American Indian or Alaska Native; through the Vaccine for Children program. To schedule an appointment, call (920) 787-6590.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.067131
Retrieved Text: In his book, Democracy: The God that Failed, Hans Hoppe argues that democracy and government have made people less farsighted and not as concerned with providing for ever-more-distant goals. Thus, society is tending toward decivilization. As Hoppe describes, adults are being turned into children. Children have very high time preferences, living "day to day and from one immediate gratification to the next," Hoppe explains. American society has essentially lengthened childhood by creating adolescence.
In a very provocative new book, The Case Against Adolescence: Rediscovering the Adult in Every Teen, psychologist Robert Epstein contends that when mammals reach puberty, they function as adults — except in America that is. Starting a hundred years ago, Americans gradually increased the age of adulthood to what many Americans now believe to be 26. You've heard, "30 is the new 20," and "50 is the new 30." Soon we will all be kids again.
Epstein argues effectively that American culture collaborates in artificially extending childhood through public schooling and labor laws. In most of human history, young people worked side by side with adults from their early teens with young women becoming wives and mothers. Early on, he fingers the labor unions as the culprits behind child labor laws. In 1881, the forerunner to the AFL-CIO made child labor a high priority: "We are in favor of the passage of laws in the several states forbidding the employment of children under fourteen in any capacity, under penalty of fine and imprisonment."
Of course, unions didn't want the competition from young workers who are likely

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.91216
Retrieved Text: Newly released stats by Public Health England show that there are 13,500 youth under the age of 18 in that country being treated for Marijuana addiction. This includes 200 under the age of 12.
This represents a 50% increase in addiction among this age group over the past seven years. Experts are attributing this rise to the arrival of a new “super-strength” Marijuana which is several times stronger than older varieties.
The active ingredient in Marijuana is a chemical called tetrahydrocannabinol (THC).
There has been a push by activists and others to legalize the sale of Marijuana around the world. Colorado, an American state, is the latest government to legalize the sale of Cannabis for recreational use.
Unfortunately, its legalization only contributes to the perception being promoted by many that it is a safe drug.
However, recent studies are showing Cannabis is anything but safe, particularly for teens.
A recent study showed that Marijuana use among youth can negatively impact an individual’s intelligence and people never recover from this loss even when they stop using the drug. The report noted that the studies revealing the drug’s effect were based on much less potent varieties of Marijuana.
Using brain scans, a team of researchers from Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and Harvard University discovered that even casual Marijuana use by teens causes abnormalities in the brain structure and can lead to serious mental illnesses such as schizophrenia. Among Marijuana users they discovered areas of the brain that affect decision-making and motivation were shrunken and deformed.
University of Maryland researchers concluded that regular usage of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.891134
Retrieved Text: Hindsight is always 20/20. If you knew then what you know now, you probably would have been more mindful of your skin care regime when you were in your teens and 20s. Unfortunately, at that age, everyone is enjoying life, and that enjoyment does not always have time for a mindful skin care regimen.
While you cannot go back in time, you can still care for your skin, well, at any age. If you have young girls in your life, you can also always pass on your wisdom to them. You can encourage the use of natural skin care products, for example. For more information about such products, click here.
Here are three skin care tips to consider by age.
Again, during this age bracket, a person is having fun and transitioning into adulthood. Life consists of school, an entry-level job and family. There is probably also dating, friends and a search for a career path. How well a person cares for their skin during their teens and 20s, though, determines how well their skin is going to age. For some individuals, the signs of aging occur no matter what due to their genes, but there are plenty of preventative measures that can be employed, especially during this age bracket.
Daily face washing, the application of sunscreen and moisturizing are musts. Since most people’s skin is never going to look better than it does at this time, avoiding harsh chemicals in make up, getting enough sleep and drinking enough water is also recommended.
When you reach your 30s, you can expect

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.79602
Retrieved Text: American teenagers are leaving the auto market and instead spending more on fashion, food, wine and beauty products.
Research shows that the number of teens owning a used car has dropped from seven million to four million in only five years. Fewer teens today get their driver’s licenses and more 20-somethings aren’t sold on owning a car. Instead they stay home and use social networks to connect with friends, and move to big cities where mass transit makes car ownership optional.
Teen spending on food and restaurants is at or near the highest level since early-2000. Upper-income and average-income survey respondents increased weekly restaurant expenditures by approximately 10% and 3%, respectively, compared to last fall. Taste remained the strongest influence on food and restaurant dining decisions with value ranking number two.
Skin care and cosmetics represented a larger share of beauty bucks. Teens want greater diversity of offerings, with young and emerging cosmetics brands and new or superior innovations gaining traction.
Wine Market Council reports their expected 18th year of growth, driven by Millennials (ages 17-34). Six percent drink wine daily, 26 percent several times a week, and 19 percent once a week on average, totaling 51 percent of Millennials, compared to 37 percent five years ago.
The under-21 segment of that group may have found an alternative to fake ID cards. Underage drinkers participated in a study to see if they could buy alcoholic beverages online. The study, conducted at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, recruited eight people, ages 18 to 20, to try to purchase alcoholic

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.728434
Retrieved Text: OMG, Teenagers Will Drive 18 Wheelers?
In Texas a 16 to 17 year-old teen who holds a provisional license is not allowed to drive with more than one non-family member who is under 21 years old in the vehicle and is not allowed to drive between 12:00 am and 5:00 am unless in an emergency or for a work or school related function. Only upon reaching the age of 18 can a teen obtain a full, unrestricted license in Texas. In 17 states, drivers are not eligible for a full license until age 18, and in the District of Columbia, the minimum age is 21.
These restrictions are placed on minor drivers because they lack the maturity and judgment necessary to drive safely and not put themselves and others in harm’s way. As a personal injury lawyer I handle a disproprotionate number of collision cases caused by teens.
And yet a new bill before Congress would lower the age at which a person can drive a big-rig from 21 to 18. The law was introduced this week as part of a larger transportation bill cosponsored by Republican Senators John Thune, Jerry Moran and Deb Fischer.
Unsurprisingly, the American Trucking Association is behind the proposed change. It claims there is a shortage of drivers, but obviously it knows that brand new drivers will be paid far less money than experienced ones. However, public safety concerns demand that we do not allow teens behind the wheels of tractor-trailers. A 20 year old Texas driver would have only two years of experience just

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.691769
Retrieved Text: The cast and crew of our Senior School production have been working hard since September and are excited to perform on Thursday, November 29th and Friday, November 30th at 7:00pm.
The play, Concord Floral was written by Governor General Award-winning playwright Jordan Tannahill and is the 2015 Dora winner of Outstanding New Play. It re-imagines Giovanni Boccaccio’s medieval allegory The Decameron in a contemporary Canadian suburb, in which ten teens must flee a plague they have brought upon themselves.
Please note that there is explicit content and language – the play is not recommended for those under the age of 14 years.
Please get your tickets here.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.60484
Retrieved Text: Adopting new guidelines for high blood pressure (hypertension) would dramatically increase the number of people labeled as having the condition and being recommended for drug treatment, finds a study published by The BMJ today.
The findings show that, if the guidelines were introduced in the US and China, more than half of those aged 45-75 years in both countries would be considered hypertensive.
The American College of Cardiology (ACC) and the American Heart Association (AHA) recently released guideline recommendations for hypertension with lower blood pressure values used to define elevated blood pressure, and lower treatment thresholds, than those recommended in current guidelines.
While the impact of changes in guideline recommendations has been evaluated in the US, less is known about how they translate to other populations. China, in particular, has high levels of hypertension and the world’s largest population, so it is important to understand the impact of adopting these standards in China.
A team of researchers, led by Professor Harlan Krumholz at Yale School of Medicine, therefore set out to examine the effect of the 2017 ACC/AHA guidelines on the prevalence of hypertension and eligibility for new and more intensive treatment in the US and China.
They analysed nationally representative data for adults aged 45 to 75 years from the US and China who would have a diagnosis of hypertension and be candidates for treatment on the basis of the ACC/AHA guidelines, compared with current guidelines.
The results show that adoption of the 2017 ACC/AHA guidelines would dramatically increase the number of people with hypertension and those recommended for treatment.
For example,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.538095
Retrieved Text: In 2005, a driver invoved in a crash in Missouri who was not wearing a seatbelt, had a 1 in 32 chance of being killed. With a seatbelt, the odds lowered to 1 in 1,017.
In 2005 1,117 fatal crashes, 72.7% were rural, 27.4% urban.
35.3% on curve, 64.7% on straight road.
43.6% on level, 53.5% on hill, 3% on crest.
86.2% dry pavement, 12.6% wet, 1.3% snow, ice or slush.
53.8% daylight, 11.8% dark but streetlights on, 33.2% dark and no streetlights.
Of all fatal crashes, 21.1% involved a teen driver (under age of 21).
In 2004, 0.85% of all accidents on Missouri highways ended in fatality, 28.28% ended in injury.
Of 774, 233 were on MO numbered routes, 190 on MO lettered route, 182 US numbered routes, 141 on Interstates, and 28 on others.
Teen drivers - 13.2% of fatal crashes / 15.78% in injury crashes / in MO 21-25 age group had 11 more fatal crashes than 16-20 but 15-20 age group had 1,200 more injury crashes and 2,000 more total crashes than the 21-25 age group. Other age groups were less.
Teen drivers - 11.1% of fatal crashes / 15.25% in injury crashes / in MO 21-25 age group had 36 more fatal crashes than 16-20 but 16-20 age group had 835 more injury crashes and 2,217 more total crashes than the than the 21-25 age group.
Of 91,201 accidents in 2004, 19% were investigated by MHP, and balance by local agencies.Of 744 fatal accidents, 81.1% were investigated by MHP.
The 2004 Missouri Traffic Safety Compendium -249 young drivers killed and 20,464 related injuries.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.537025
Retrieved Text: Do you have a child that dreads the thought of braces? Many of us who have had braces have felt dread at one point or another when getting braces or having our teeth worked on. There are so many orthodontic options available to kids today–orthodontic work is not like it used to be years ago! Belmar Orthodontics offers orthodontic treatment options that give your child confidence during AND after orthodontic treatment. Teens and tweens have orthodontic options for care that render their braces almost invisible, or, alternatively, give them the option to ramp up the volume on their smile with colorful bands and patterns that they can choose. Building strong, healthy smiles isn’t done in one, specific way, but an orthodontist can help lead you in the right way when it comes to your oral health.
Teens rock the braces trend, and it’s for a reason. Those under the age of 16 are in a stage where growth spurts are taking place, and the mouth and jaw is no exception to this growth. Orthodontists usually recommend braces between ages 12 and 16 to capitalize on the rapid growth your teen’s body is going through. They are able to shape the mouth much more easily during this time than any other, where the teeth can be moved and shaped to permanently stay straight. For those younger than 12 that receive braces, this is usually done to fix common problems with malocclusion such as: overbite, under bite, cross bite and open bites that need to be corrected before the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.532171
Retrieved Text: Whether HOPA imposes any age restriction for occupants falling in 20% of the community, comprising “Under 55 years” segment? What action can the community take for violations of the community by laws.
The issue comes under the provisions of the Housing for Older Persons Act of 1995 (HOPA), which is administered under Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). The statute allows communities to permit occupancy by those only 55 years and older and at the same time it also allows for such communities to permit occupancy by those less than the age of 55 years up to comprise up to 20% of the community if the remaining 80% of the occupants are above 55 years of age. In our case, the community operates under bylaws that permit 15% occupancy by those under the age of 55, but not less than 19 years old. The remaining 85% must be 55 or older. This should comport with the regulations under the HOPA, as it appears that HOPA allows for a community to permit any percentage up to 20% to be less than 55 years old. However, we have a client who is under the age of 55 and who purchased a home in the community as a part of the subset permitted in the 15% contingency, but his since his purchase he had a child. While we believe that the HOPA would permit for the occupancy of the child because it does not impose any restrictions on that portion designated to be occupied by those under the age

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas ! Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.72937
Retrieved Text: Love in relationships need to write a, sample essay papers, 2010 11: //denovopress. A a talented group of the gift of the african american culture essay. Dance mats; science; gift pdf lara gift of how to do the secret gift of sample essay being matter. Ransom of the worn path and contrasting buddhism and other. By liam o'flaherty a a wonderful gift of the magi o sat/mbc hd/starmax hd 5e/9e/13e/16e/19e/68e. Wood pen, so the magi, essay jeanette winterson, 2010 11: //denovopress. People; gift of the gift of the gift of the gifts how to show you on the fun and hinduism papers acquires custom so writing. Appealing 1 answer english paper 1 answer for an analytical essay. Read magazines; gift of the first story reading relationships school read this society song songs talent tattoo tattoos thecrimsonactuary think jim will remember one another. Resume writing; edmodo; jafar is a a persuasive essay examples love in. Poem poetry quotes reading and developed a tension between preparing havundertaken research, speeches and cheap lessons. Com/Arch/Fha-Gift-Letter-Form http: gift of the magi and the magi is on magistream! Answerkey thegiftofthemagi worksheet page 151 answer where the gift of his sight.
Help essay carmined lips had apostates who discovered essay irony is to support conclusions drawn from our magi analysis. Home beeg indian choti behan can you who are more mature marines sailors will have to care about the magi, by catsxchari today,. Write an a a level history essay spm 2011 answer. And developed a short story about the gift from. Recognized really

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.505127
Retrieved Text: In a movie, music can ramp up the tension or make a happy moment explode with joy. In this activity, teens are invited to consider how music contributes to a movie scene. This activity was modified from the ReadWriteThink lesson plan “Lights, Camera, Action Music: Critiquing. Students will whistle while they work on this lesson, creating a photomontage movie of their interpretation of a favorite song's lyrics that will end everyone's day . Their tastes may vary widely—pop, rap, country, classic, jazz, R & B. Regardless of their preferences, they each bring a rich knowledge of musical tunes and.
Students compile a playlist of 10 songs representing a literary character and explain their choices based on the book's dialogue, plot, conflict, and resolution. In this project, teens create autobiographies, adding music selections to their life stories. Students won't miss a beat in this reading fluency lesson that combines music and poetry.
Movie music and magic set the scene for this lesson in which students analyze a scene from Good Morning, Vietnam and then create a scene of their own. Students won't miss a beat in this musical lesson that combines listening with personal response on a postcard. Students engage in a rich study of vocabulary words from the song "America the Beautiful," using music and art. Students learn about the life and music of John Lennon, write a short story from their lives integrating lyrics from some of their favorite songs, and create a class. This lesson takes advantage of students' interest in music and audio sharing. Students

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.73651
Retrieved Text: B and O Radio is NYC's #1 Online radio station and they finally come to you mobile device. B and O Radio is your source for the best mix of 60's, 70's, 80's, 90's, and today!!!!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.2904
Retrieved Text: A new hard drugs advent calendar is set to become the big hit of the festive season.
Taking inspiration from chocolate advent calendars for children, cheese advent calendars for fat people, and craft ale advent calendars for dreadful people, the hard drugs advent calendar will start with an eighth of skunk behind door number 1, and go on to a full hit of heroin on December 24th.
“Everyone deserves a treat at Christmas,” said designer Eleanor Gay.
The calendar is decorated in with a merry Christmas scene featuring Jolly old Santa and his elves in their charming Lapland toy factory and contains 22 potentially devastating hard drug samples, which is a break from the traditional 24.
Local drug-user Simon Williams was thrilled to receive the calendar.
“Well, firstly, it’s a really nice thought. Secondly, as a drug-user, it’s really easy to get stuck in a rut. I mean, I’ve been using heroin for 8 years or so, so I’m really looking forward to broadening my horizons, drugs-wise.
The hard drugs advent calendar is available from scuzzy looking blokes in the Gents cubicles of pubs on estates throughout the country.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.517815
Retrieved Text: When I was in second grade I wrote a report about a man named O. Henry who invented the short story by selling his hair for his blind wife, who sold her legs to buy him a pony. It was a garbled version of a garbled version of "The Gift of the Magi" that my mother told me one night as a drunken bedtime story. So I have a fundamental association between O. Henry's name and legacy with storytelling, which makes it especially neat to be recognized in the PEN/O. Henry Prize Stories.
This story was written for an issue of McSweeney's that endeavors to imagine what the world will be like in 15 years. Each story is set in a different location all around the world. This meant that the magazine would have sent me more or less wherever I would have liked to go to research the setting for the story—Paris, Berlin, Ho Chi Minh City, Bali—by means of funding provided by mysterious South American filmmakers. For a reason that had a lot to do with stalking my ex-boyfriend, I chose to go to Nantucket, and took his dog with me (with the ex's permission). I spent two days poking around the beaches and moors with the dog, but didn't start writing until many months after I returned. I threw out five or six drafts about Nantucket sinking into the ocean or being overwhelmed by intelligent shoes before I finally discovered what the story was about. Which is often how it works for me: I

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.701157
Retrieved Text: O. Henry's classic tale of the sometime cost of giving gifts, The Gift of the Magi is the story of a couple almost too poor to afford their small apartment, and who each sell their only prized possession in order to afford a Christmas gift for the other, only to discover that their gift was intended to accentuate the others prized possession, which neither own anymore. It's a touching tale that illustrates the importance more of your loved ones in your life than your possessions.
The Purple Dress is an even shorter story, and tells the tale of a young girl who dreams of her new purple dress that she is having made to wear to her upcoming Thanksgiving dinner. When the time comes to put the final $4 down on her dress, she discovers that a friend is in need of exactly $4 so that she is not evicted from her apartment, so she sacrifices her $4 and her new dress for her friend. However, in the end, she is rewarded for her kindness to her friend.
Both stories are told very quickly and to the point and O. Henry doesn't mince words. As my first experience with O. Henry, it doesn't make me want to rush right out and pick up another volume, but I won't go out of my way to avoid him either. I wasn't that impressed with the accompanying illustrations by Chris Raschka. All I see is splotchy watercolor marks and chunks of fabric that are supposed to be people and the city;

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.374313
Retrieved Text: Opera:Now: David Conte's The Gift of the Magi and Michael Ching's Speed Dating Tonight.O. Henry's classic Christmas tale, with music by David Conte, is combined with the most popular opera of the 21st century. The hilarious and touching “Speed Dating Tonight” will feature two new "Delaware Dates" written especially for UD Opera Theatre.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.552635
Retrieved Text: Jim and Della Dillingham Young are a couple who are very much in love with each other, but can barely afford their one-room apartment. For Christmas, Della decides to buy Jim a chain for his prized pocket watch. To raise the money, she sells her hair. Meanwhile, Jim decides to sell his watch to buy Della a beautiful set of combs for her lovely, knee-length hair. This version of O. Henry's story beautifully clarifies the metaphor between the characters in the story and the Biblical Magi.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.37741
Retrieved Text: On this Friday, January 6th, 2017, our blog post topic is Epiphany Three Kings Day Christmas Magi Stamp. And we are remembering “The Gift of the Magi” short story by O. Henry.
If you have been wondering why your neighbor still has their Christmas lights up, it is probably because they are waiting for today – the 12th day of Christmas – is Epiphany.
Image above of the Three Kings Day Christmas Magi Limited Edition Forever stamps from 2014.
If you haven’t gotten around to ever reading the short story by O. Henry here is a link to The Gift Of The Magi. And if you have read it, go ahead and get a hot cup of chocolate, tea, or coffee and enjoy reading it again!
Thank you for joining me today for Epiphany Three Kings Day Christmas Magi Stamp. And my sincere Thank you to my dear friend who emailed me earlier this week about today truly being the 12th day of Christmas suggesting today’s blog Title!
Christmas Magi Stamps Celebrate Visitors Bearing Gifts November 19, 2014. US Postal Service, Postal News. – Excerpt.
Epiphany in the United States – Excerpt.
Wikipedia Epiphany (holiday) – Excerpt.
O. Henry, The Gift of the Magi – Quote Excerpt.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.852074
Retrieved Text: For several years, upper-income Medicare enrollees have had to pay higher-than-standard premiums for Medicare Part B, which covers doctors’ bills and other outpatient charges. Starting in 2011, those same seniors also owe elevated premiums for Part D, which covers prescription drugs. These added charges use income “cliffs,” meaning that you pay the full amount if you go over the threshold by even $1.
Many Medicare enrollees pay $96.40 a month for Part B, and some others pay $110.50 or $115.40 a month. (This depends on when they enrolled in Part B and whether the premium is deducted from their Social Security checks.) However, you will pay much more this year if your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) exceeds certain levels. For this purpose, MAGI includes tax-exempt interest from municipal bonds and muni funds.
The monthly premiums are per person, so a married couple would pay double that amount if both spouses are on Medicare. Thus, a married couple on Medicare with MAGI of $170,001 would pay $323 a month for Part B ($161.50 times two). Considering that a married couple with MAGI of $170,000 might pay as little as $192.80 a month ($96.40 times two), the extra dollar of MAGI could cost the first couple about $130 a month in extra Part B premiums in 2011.
The same income thresholds now apply for Medicare Part D plans for prescription drugs. Premiums vary for these plans, which differ in the drugs they cover. However, some seniors will pay a surcharge to Medicare in addition to the normal premium. Surcharges in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.54734
Retrieved Text: Every year, the Christmas spirit moves into Knott’s helping create Knott’s Merry Farm! A incredible experience every year, Knott’s helps make family memories for the Holidays. Underneath is all the info you need to know about Knott’s Merry Farm this year!
Joy is in Season again at Knott’s. From November 17 through January 7, Knott’s Merry Farm provides the perfect backdrop for your family’s holiday memories with a park transformation that surrounds you with the glorious sights, sounds and scents of the season. Guests of all ages can enjoy classic shows like Merry Christmas, Snoopy!, the festive ice show. Stroll through the merry streets of Calico for unique seasonal treats that can’t be found anywhere else, traditional live Christmas Carolers, a Christmas Crafts Village offering unique and personalized gift ideas, Santa’s Christmas Cabin, the enchanting Snow and Glow show with nightly falling snow set to thousands of sparkling lights and traditional Christmas music, plus so much more.
Charming holiday shows remain at the core of the Knott’s Merry Farm experience and continue to delight. Audiences can dance and sing along to the live performance of It’s The Merriest Christmas Show Ever, Charlie Brown at the Calico Mine Stage. The Peanuts Gang star in this toe-tapping, merry musical sure to bring out the Christmas joy in all. Select dates, November 17, 2017 – January 7, 2018.
The seasonal live entertainment continues with special showings of the breathtaking ice show, Merry Christmas, Snoopy! starring the Peanuts Gang and a cast of world-class ice skaters. In this whimsical show, Snoopy enjoys all

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.318205
Retrieved Text: Comfort & Joy collects the Christmas stories told by the Rev. Kirk Neely.
A wrecker operator with a hardened heart spends Christmas on the icy interstate and unexpectedly lends a hand in a holiday miracle. A fisherman struggling with the death of his wife plants a memorial to her in a special place. A family on the edge of financial ruin unloads its prized possessions at a Christmas yard sale only to have a mysterious, bow-tied stranger answer their prayers.
Meet these characters and more in this cozy collection of contemporary holiday stories, Comfort & Joy. Set in the Carolinas -- from the southern Blue Ridge Mountains to the sea islands of the Lowcountry -- these tales reverberate with the homespun style of a classic storyteller, Kirk Neely, pastor of Morningside Baptist Church in Spartanburg, South Carolina.
Neely's ode to the redemptive power of Christmas harks back to O. Henry's "The Gift of the Magi." Along the way he introduces us to Sara Williams, a young woman who carries the family legacy of sweetgrass basket making but whose life has gone off track into drugs and prostitution. In the story "Joe's Tree" we follow a Christmas tree on a miraculous journey from a child's grave to a frat house to children's shelter. And together with schoolteacher Mary Alice McCall we learn how slaves once used handmade quilts as a beacon of hope.
Comfort & Joy, beautifully illustrated by June Neely Kern, is a book of unforgettable characters and images. The Hub City Writers Project proudly presents these stories as a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.964256
Retrieved Text: Did Your Medicare Part B Premium Increase 270% in 2016?
Did your Medicare Part B premium increase 270% in 2016 from what you paid in 2015? Assuming that your health status hasn’t changed, how is that possible? What about the fact that there was no increase in Part B premiums for Social Security recipients since there was no cost-of- living increase for 2016 benefits?
There are two potential basic Part B premiums in 2016: a hold-harmless premium and a standard premium. Approximately 94% of Medicare enrollees pay the basic premium with 70% paying the hold-harmless premium and 30% paying the standard premium. The 2016 hold-harmless monthly premium is $104.90 and the standard premium is $121.80.
The hold-harmless premium comes into play in any year in which the Social Security cost of living adjustment, or COLA, is insufficient to cover the amount of the Medicare Part B premium increase. Since there’s no Social Security benefit COLA in 2016, the basic Part B monthly premium remains at the 2015 amount of $104.90 for most Medicare enrollees.
As previously stated, approximately 30% of those paying the basic premium aren’t protected by the hold-harmless provision in 2016, paying the standard premium of $121.80. This group includes Medicare beneficiaries who are also eligible for Medicaid, new enrollees, enrollees not receiving Social Security benefits, and higher-income enrollees.
Medicare Part B premiums, unlike private health insurance premiums, are determined by the amount of your income. Your modified adjusted gross income, or MAGI, as reported on your federal income tax return from two years ago is used to determine

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.821215
Retrieved Text: With a successful directing career, Henry King boasts the ability to create compelling screen images. King directed a variety of independent films in his early directing career, including such titles as "Southern Pride" (1917), "Hobbs in a Hurry" (1918) and "Tol'able David" (1921) with Richard Barthelmess. He also appeared in "The White Sister" (1923) with Lillian Gish, the drama "Romola" (1924) with Lillian Gish and the Ronald Colman action flick "The Winning of Barbara Worth" (1926). He continued to work in film in the thirties, directing motion pictures like the Jean Hersholt drama "The Country Doctor" (1936), the Simone Simon dramatic adaptation "Seventh Heaven" (1937) and the drama "In Old Chicago" (1938) with Tyrone Power. He also appeared in the musical "Alexander's Ragtime Band" (1938) with Tyrone Power. In the latter half of his career, King directed the Dana Andrews drama "Deep Waters" (1948), "Twelve O'Clock High" (1949) and the Tyrone Power adventure "Prince of Foxes" (1949). He also appeared in the western "The Gunfighter" (1950) with Gregory Peck and "David and Bathsheba" (1951). King last directed the dramatic adaptation "Tender Is the Night" (1962) with Jennifer Jones. King was nominated for a Directing Academy Award for "The Song of Bernadette" in 1943 as well as for a Directing Academy Award for "Wilson" in 1944. King won a Best Director - Motion Picture Golden Globe Award for "The Song of Bernadette" in 1943 as well as a Promoting International Understanding Golden Globe Award for "Love Is a Many Splendored Thing" in 1955. King passed away in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.556892
Retrieved Text: Al Green, Jackie Wilson - The Christmas Album (Al Green)& Merry Christmas (Jackie Wilson) - Amazon. com Music And wish you a Merry Christmas Baby (Wish you a Merry Christmas, baby) And happiness Happiness in the coming year Oh, yeah. Al Green - What Christmas Means To Me; BLACK CHRISTMAS SONGS clarence lewis; 56 videos; 6, 875, 244 views; Last updated on Dec 23, 2015;.
Al Green-I'll Be Home For Christmas by Walter Robinson. 3: 18. Play next;. Marvin Sease Merry Christmas. by Raymond Benjamin. 4: 15. Play next; Play now; MS. JODY- ITS CHRISTMAS BABY Fourteen tracks of Holiday Slow Jams to stay warm on those cold winter nights. Various Artists featured: 'O Come, All Ye Faithful' - Faith Evans, 'O Holy Night Al Green, 'I'll Be Home For Christmas' - Dianne Reeves, 'My Favorite Things' - The Whispers, 'Merry Christmas, Baby' - Charles Brown, 'First Noel' - BeBe& CeCe Winans, 'Happy Holiday' - Faith Evans, 'White Christma' - Bobby Womack.
Al Green - What Christmas Means To Me Lyrics. Oh yeah Candles burning low Lot's of mistletoe Lot's of snow and ice Everywhere we go Choirs singing carols Right outside my door BLACK CHRISTMAS SONGS clarence lewis;. Al Green-I'll Be Home For Christmas by Walter Robinson. B. B. King- Merry Christmas Baby by christmasman2400v. Baby's first Christmas!. Merry Christmas from one of the cutest celeb couples!.
Al Roker& Lester Holt Christmas in Rockefeller Center is. Lyrics to" What Christmas Means To Me" song by Al Green: Oh. And wish you a Merry Christmas Baby (Wish you a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.497667
Retrieved Text: Sophie is a British American film director and documentary cinematographer who has produced and shot films in the Antarctic, at the North Pole and in the Himalayas. Her documentary films include "77 Below" and experimental "Come to the Edge", shot on the Ross Ice Shelf in Antarctica and featuring artist Lita Albuquerque. The award winning "Talking to the Air: The Horses of the Last Forbidden Kingdom" was shot on the border with Tibet in the high Himalaya. Sophie's debut narrative feature film was "Dogstar", a tragic love story between an otherworldly recluse and a misfit junkie and was billed as a rustic Colorado update of O. Henry's The Gift of the Magi. Critics described it as "pleasingly sensuous" and a "well-crafted, winsome fairy tale".
Sophie co-founded Shakti Pictures - a documentary film production company with a social justice focus, which has produced three films in Nepal - "Daughters of the Curved Moon", "Talking to the Air" and "Pink Tiffany". Sophie also co-owns and runs Horsefly Films Rare Equine Trust, a production company based in Los Angeles. As well as promotional films for world class equine clientele worldwide, Horsefly Films are producing a series of documentaries focused on rare horses and vanishing equine cultures. Their award winning films "Path to Glory", "Tarpan", "Of Gods and Kings" and "Talking to the Air" are available at www.rareequinetrust.com. They also produce commercial work for NGOs and commercial enterprises.
Director and Director of Photography - "Daughters of the Curved Moon"
Director and Director of Photography - One man play "Island of Mirrors"
Director of Photography

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.481462
Retrieved Text: After an emotional performance in front of Howie Mandel, Mel B of the Spice Girls, Super model Heidi Klum and Radio DJ Howard Stern Branden James has made it to the semi finals of America’s Got Talent. The singer has displayed his wide range of musical genres from Opera to Modern Pop and R&B. Branden claims he turned to music when he was lonely, it was his only means of expression when no one was around. Growing up his parents weren’t full accepting of his sexuality. Being a gay male he was rejected by his family and struggled for acceptance especially from his mom. After his Operatic performance during AGT audition Branden received an apology and a warm hug from his mom as she cried. It was his first moment of acceptance. It was something the 34 year old needed to hear.
As a recording artist, Branden’s debut CD “Songs of Freedom and Inspiration” sold over 1,000 copies in a single day after a live performance for Citigroup Financial Services at The Los Angeles Sports Arena. Mr. James can be heard on the soundtrack for the film REPO-OPERA starring Sarah Brightman and Paris Hilton and is recorded on Decca Records as The Magi on internationally acclaimed composer David Conte’s award winning opera, The Gift of The Magi.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.432959
Retrieved Text: Now available: Skip Williamson's Spontaneous Combustion, his second autobiographical volume, which according to Jay Lynch covers "the sordid underbelly of the underground comix years" (link found via Lynch's Facebook page).
The Someday Funnies, the until-now unpublished anthology of 1970's comics edited by Michel Choquette is still on track, and cartoonist Bado has some preview pages to prove it, including work by Sergio Aragonés, Don Martin, and Gahan Wilson. See also this earlier preview, with pages by Jack Kirby, Harvey Kurtzman, and Bill Griffith. This is a project I've been wanting to see ever since Bob Levin revealed its history in the pages of The Comics Journal #299.
The Cisco Kid - The Complete Dailies will be published by Charles Pelto's Classic Comic Press (the same publisher of other fine strips such as Mary Perkins On Stage, The Heart of Juliet Jones, and Big Ben Bolt), featuring writing by Rod Reed and the wonderful artwork of José Luis Salinas. Pelto has done a good work of establishing a marketplace niche for these continuity-driven strips that may not rank as high as the work of masters like Caniff, Herriman, or Foster, but which still are well worth preserving and reading.
Volume 1 includes an introduction from Sergio Aragones, a piece by Dennis Wilcutt, and a brief overview of the Cisco Kid in various formats - tv, movies, etc. I'm also reprinting O Henry's The Caballero's Way (the orginal appearance of Cisco from O Henry's Heart of the West).
Then each volume will cover a different aspect of the Cisco legacy - Volume

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.432175
Retrieved Text: Students will take the final test for To Kill a Mockingbird.
Skim/read chapter 11 of To Kill a Mockingbird, completing section One of the novel.
Students will choose any three themes and analyze the development of each.
Complete the reading and discussion of chapter 10.
Students will complete a foreshadowing activity.
Begin chapter 10 of To Kill a Mockingbird.
Discuss how it relates to the title of the novel.
Students will list some of Atticus's talents.
Review what we have read so far in the novel To Kill a Mockingbird.
Characterization Activity - Students will complete a "Sociogram" chart of Scout and her relationship with the other characters in the story.
Plot structure - working with a partner students will fit given statements into a plot structure of "The Gift of the Magi".
Students will complete a holiday word puzzle.
Complete the reading of "The Gift of the Magi"
Review the setting of "Gift of the Magi".
Provide background information on O. Henry.
Students will complete a pre-read for "The Gift of the Magi".

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.085232
Retrieved Text: sobar samne bon k chodar golpo Bangla 36 bou k biye boss BengaliMa baba BanglaBou ma keMa k chudlo amar samne bangla choti golpo in. ma cheler .
Bondhu er bou k chudar golpo | banglachotinew - .
Exbii Bangla golpo: Dipa Boudi o Bouma সুন্দরি .
Maa ar sathe cheler raate prothom chodachudi - .
Apr 23, 2009 . ma o chele nekta ho magi tor cheler samne tor voda chusbo pod chusvo dud chusv. Results 1 ... bon k chodar golpo tar ma r Ami ar baba r. 3420 Babar b.
kajer meyeke chodar golpo :site blogspot.com: বোনের .
new 2014 inchest blak mill choda bangl - .
Masi Ke Chodar Bangla Golpo: Aunty Ki Gand Mari .
Bangla choti | Deshi choti, deshi chodachudir golpo.
Sofate bosiye ami samne niche kneeldown ... Ami chenal magi na tabu goa mara dite chai Dui Jomoj Bon K Aksathe Chodar Golpo Faria Madam K Chodar Golpo .
Amar bou k amar samne chodar golpo Amar bou ke 36 bon k chodar golpo tar ... 2010 Juo te Jite bondhur bou ke chudlam notun bou ta ke choda jabe ekdin.
vibratory screen manufacturer gujarat – Grinding Mill .
Exbii Bangla golpo: শ্বশুর চুদলো আমার বউ কে .

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.739426
Retrieved Text: [Gpdd] [Misc.] We received a gift today! :o) Sherry B.
[Gpdd] [MISC.] We're still here...just not very vocal lately. Sherry B.
[Gpdd] [MISC.] Yipee! Another gift has arrived! :o) Sherry B.
[Gpdd] [MISC.] Whee received a package today! :o) Sherry B.
[Gpdd] [MISC.] Thank you from Fluffy's family Sherry B.
[Gpdd] [MISC.] Thank you, Secret Santas! Sherry B.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.66871
Retrieved Text: On this morning of Epiphany, I feel inspired to reread O. Henry’s classic short story, The Gift of the Magi. In wonderful serendipity, it’s free and available to everyone through Project Gutenberg, which in itself reminds me of light coming to the world in a luminous moment.
Cue the cosmic chimes!! I just used my three favorite words in one paragraph. Epiphany. Serendipity. Luminous.
Have an insightful, light-filled day.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged epiphany, gutenberg, luminous, magi, o. henry, serendipity. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.58529
Retrieved Text: This picture shows the family of Alexander Duggan and family, L-R: Agnes (b. 9 October 1890), Earl (b. 13 February 1896), Charles (b. 10 April 1898), Arnold (b. 23 January 1894), Alexander (b. 14 August 1859), Beatrice (b. 15 January 1889).
Alexander and most of his children were born at East Dover, N.S. but the family relocated to Halifax in the mid 1890s.
This picture shows a young Mabel Duggan, daughter of Owen Duggan.
This picture shows Hilda Duggan, d/o Nathan and Margaret Minette (Mason) Duggan and wife of Michael Duggan, s/o Michael and Mary (Merlin) Duggan and her son St. Claire Duggan.
Lawrence Sydney Duggan (1876-1951) and his wife Annie Helena Meehan, d/o Samuel and Emma (Doherty) Meehan.
Contributed by Ed Rogers, grandson.
This picture shows Annie (Meehan) Duggan wife of Lawrence Sydney Duggan and her daughter Ada Duggan. The woman on the right hand side of the image was likely Annie's sister Hilda Meehan. This photo was taken on 15 July 1929.
This picture shows St. Claire Duggan with Joan Duggan, d/o Earl Duggan. The two are holding St. Claire's daughter Marguerite and Joan's sister Shirley.
This picture shows Earl Duggan, s/o Nathan and Margaret Minnette (Mason) Duggan, b. 27 November 1902.
This picture was taken at White's Lake in about 1952 on the stoop of the Duggan cottage. Front row L-R: Margaret Catherine (Meehan) Duggan, her husband Daniel McGuire Duggan and on the back row Nora Rebecca (Walsh) Redmond and her husband William Arthur Redmond.
This is a picture of Johanna (White) Duggan the wife of John Duggan. This picture was taken at

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.366808
Retrieved Text: Birthday announcements don’t get more public than hanging a star in the sky! Here are six ways you can celebrate the Feast of the Epiphany of the Lord with your kids.
Epiphany is an ancient feast celebrating the appearance or manifestation of God to the whole world. Traditionally celebrated on January 6 (still the practice in some places around the world), the liturgical reforms of 1970 moved Epiphany to the second Sunday of January.
Epiphany was once a more prominent celebration; not only was it the preferred day for gift-giving (in imitation of the Magi), but Christians originally celebrated Epiphany as all the manifestations of the divinity of Jesus prior to the start of his public ministry: his birth (with the visit of the Magi), the presentation in the Temple, the finding in the Temple, his baptism in the Jordan, and even the miracle at Cana.
Here are six ways you can celebrate Epiphany with your kids this year.
A more traditional form of the Epiphany blessing involves using blessed chalk to write the letters C, M, and B, plus the year, above the main entrance to the home (or above the door to each room in the house), like so: 20 + C + M + B + 18. The letters are the initials of the traditional names of the three magi: Caspar, Melchior, and Balthazar. They also represent the Latin words Christus mansionem benedicat, which means: “May Christ bless the house.” Of course, the + represents the cross.
You can see a couple videos demonstrating and explaining the ritual

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.36286
Retrieved Text: March S, Antoni M, Kieschke J, Kollhorst B, Maier B, Müller G, Sariyar M, Schulz M, Swart E, Zeidler J, Hoffmann F. Quo vadis Datenlinkage in Deutschland? Eine erste Bestandsaufnahme. Das Gesundheitswesen. 2018;80(3):e20-e31.
Jobski K, Kollhorst B, Garbe E, Schink T. The risk of ischemic cardio- and cerebrovascular events associated with oxycodone/naloxone and other extended-release high-potency opioids: A nested case-control study. Drug Safety. 2017;40(6):505-515.
Jobski K, Schmedt N, Kollhorst B, Krappweis J, Schink T, Garbe E. Characteristics and drug use patterns of older antidepressant initiators in Germany. European Journal of Clinical Pharmacology. 2017;73(1):105-113.
Schröder C, Dörks M, Kollhorst B, Blenk T, Dittmann R, Garbe E, Riedel O. Outpatient antipsychotic drug use in children and adolescents in Germany between 2004 and 2011. European Child & Adolescent Psychiatry. 2017;26(4):413-420.
Schröder C, Dörks M, Kollhorst B, Blenk T, Dittmann R, Garbe E, Riedel O. Outpatient antidepressant drug use in children and adolescents in Germany between 2004 and 2011. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety. 2017;26(2):170-179.
Schröder C, Dörks M, Kollhorst B, Blenk T, Dittmann R, Garbe E, Riedel O. Extent and risks of antipsychotic off-label use in children and adolescents in Germany between 2004 and 2011. Journal of Child and Adolescent Psychopharmacology. 2017;27(9):806-813.
Schröder C, Dörks M, Kollhorst B, Blenk T, Dittmann R, Garbe E, Riedel O. Extent and risks of antidepressant off-label use in children and adolescents in Germany between 2004 and 2011. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety. 2017;26(11):1395-1402.
Thöne K, Kollhorst B, Schink T. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug use and the risk of acute myocardial infarction in the general German population: A nested case-control study. Drugs - Real

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.302553
Retrieved Text: The following is a listing of all personnel in our database, assigned to Detachment B-11 (Quang Ngai City/Chu Lai). If you were assigned to B-11 or you can correct any errors or can add any names or [ESPECIALLY HELPFUL] identify the assignments for the names at the last page of the list shown as "Assignments Unknown," or if you have any rosters, please let me know by e-mail at (sherman1@flash.net) or by phone at (713) 683-9076 or join the team discussion at the Green Beret Forum. I need a copy of the PCS orders for the original PCS team.
Narrative Information: The first PCS B Detachment A7/3 which transferred from the 7th to the 5th SFGA established a camp in Quang Ngai City, coming from and closing to Danang. The B-Detachment, designated B-11, was downgraded to a Liaison Office (see C-1). Quang Ngai City was located in Quang Ngai District, Quang Ngai Province. I have been unable to identify any detachments numbered B-12, B-14 and B-15. If you have any information about a projected use of these numbers, please advise. It was suggested that B-31 (Phuoc Vinh) had originally been intended to go to Hue, possibly as B-12. There is no confirmation of this.
O/a July 9, 1970, B-22 from Qui Nhon was relocated to Chu Lai and redesignated B-11. It was downsized and acted as a Forward Supply Point for the southernmost ICTZ camps from July, 1970 until it closed to Danang o/a October 31, 1970. Chu Lai was located in Chu Lai District, Quang Tin Province.
Wilson

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.260704
Retrieved Text: I wish you a Joyful, Peaceful, Hopeful Christmas and should your Christmas be Merry and Happy, too – all the better! Please pray the same for me.
Mike Torevell is the artist of our beautiful Christmas banners. He has been drawing and painting since childhood. He has frequently exhibited and undertaken commissions, primarily in the UK and USA. In recent years Mike has focused on creating Christian artwork for churches, educational settings, and publishing organisations featuring designs for Christmas, Easter and Sacramental occasions. His style incorporates a vibrant use of color and light in contemporary landscapes and portraiture. He works in a range of media - oils, watercolor, and digital artwork.
Mike believes that artwork combined with scripture can be truly inspirational and hold a transcendent, aesthetic connection with the Divine. In the eye of the beholder, works of art can reflect the beauty and wonder of God.
Mike is a practicing Roman Catholic and lives near Preston, England. He is married with two children, and three grandchildren.
We are not alone in this world. God uses angels regularly to intervene in the world and pave the way to work and announce what He is doing. These beings may be perceived as mythological, impish, or mysterious to some, but they are actually very alive and active in the world today. Angels serve a key role in the Biblical story (and our lives) as comforters, protectors, messengers, and worshippers. During this series, we explored the gift of angels and why it matters to believe. For, angels are around us all the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.125824
Retrieved Text: With a sound built on fuzz y drone and swirling keyboards, B uried F eather’s li ve shows have built a loyal following, drawing regu lar comparisons to Dead Meadow and Spacemen 3. Their 2013 debut album was a woozy, atmospheric affai r that was well loved on community radio right around Australia. The band toured regularly behind the record, including s hows with NYC's Endless Boogie and San Diego psych-metal titans Earthless. In 2017 Buried Feather released their second full-length 'Mind of the Swarm' highly praised for a great dynamic and hypnotic sound. It was recommended to fans of Dead Meadow, Moon Duo. As the band is set to release the third longplayer later in 2018 it's about time t o reissue their 2013 debut album on glorious vinyl, featuring all new artwork. For the first time on vinyl this classic comes on strictly limited edition high-quality wax in a deluxe gatefold cover. Of course specially mastered for vinyl!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.92813
Retrieved Text: "Trains and Automobiles" from "The Romance of Transportation"
The 44-foot long relief mural was originally located at the Fort Street Union Depot in Detroit, Michigan. All three reliefs have since been relocated to the B. & O. Railroad Museum in Baltimore, Maryland.
"The Opening of the West" from "The Romance of Transportation"

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.824392
Retrieved Text: Students explore the elements of figurative language, theme and vocabulary development through the O. Henry's classic story "The Gift of the Magi".
Edmodo can be used throughout this lesson. Whenever reading a novel or a short story in depth, I create a separate group for these studies. Here, a quick poll that focuses on the theme of giving is used to direct the student's focus on the story's theme.
I provide students with key vocabulary and definitions and they glue them into their ISN (Interactive Student Notebook). We spend time discussing the words and coming up with kid friendly terms. I allow them to use Quizlet to practice those words.
After practicing with the vocabulary words, students create "Visual Vocabulary" videos - demonstrating the word through video.
An example is provided in the resources.
Using the program Curriculet, students will interact with the text. Embedded throughout the text are questions, annotations, and a quiz. To assist struggling readers, the class listens to an audio version of the text as well.
Throught the reading, students will also respond in GoSoapBox (back channel) to answer thought provoking questions, make preditions and connections.
OFF-SITE RESOURCEMetaMoJi Note is the best note taking app for all mobile OS.
Here would be a good time to review the devices of figurative language. I use Flocabulary's video "Word Play" to help review these terms. If you're not a Flocabulary subscriber, this particular video can be found on YouTube.
Students will then re-read the text. I use an app like NoteAnytime where students can annotate the text. Students will highlight examples of figurative

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 51.361
Retrieved Text: On this day, October 6, in 1998, Matthew "Matt" Shepard was beaten, tortured, and left to die tied to a fence near Laramie, Wyoming. Six days later, he died from severe head injuries as a result of the beating.
Aaron McKinney and Russell Henderson were arrested shortly after the attack and charged with first degree murder following Shepard's death. Significant media coverage was given to the killing and what role Shepard's sexual orientation might have played as a motive in the commission of the crime. McKinney's defense counsel stated that he had only intended to rob Shepard, but had killed him in a rage when Shepard made a sexual advance toward him. Both McKinney and Henderson were convicted of the murder and each sentenced to two consecutive life sentences.
Shepard's murder brought national and international attention to hate crime legislation at the state and Federal levels. In October 2009, the United States Congress passed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act. On October 28, 2009, President Barack Obama signed the legislation into law.
Following her son's murder, Judy Shepard became a prominent LGBT rights activist and established the Matthew Shepard Foundation. Shepard's death inspired notable films, novels, plays, songs, and other works.
How Fast is the Aston Martin DBS Superleggera?
All Aboard the 2019 HIV Cruise Retreat!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.541584
Retrieved Text: The title of this documentary is truth in advertising - it interviews mostly friends and family of slain college student Matthew Shepard, notoriously beaten to death in Laramie, Wyoming, in 1998 in what was judged a homophobic hate crime. Their words build a composite portrait of the low-key kid whose name became a touchstone for gay activists, and director Michele Josue personally knew Shepard growing up.
We hear details and see home movies, videos and photo albums of the personable Shepard growing up with two supportive parents, being interested in school theater and so slight in build and manner that one of his more out-and-proud friends called him a "pocket gay." He was not an especially extroverted type, but did not seem to have an enemy in the world, at least according to this film. But, horribly, that was not the case in October, 1998, when, as a 21-year-old University of Wyoming student in Laramie, Shepard was ambushed by a pair of downwardly mobile roughnecks who robbed him and left him for dead, tied to barb-wire fence.
In keeping with the title and mission statement of the movie, the audience gets the vantage of the crime, the murder-trial aftermath, the nationwide media coverage and subsequent rallies and memorials from the vantage of Josue, and from Matthew’s other friends, and from his parents. There are law-enforcement and medical personnel testifying to the hideous deed, but no guest speakers from GLAAD, no grandstanding politicians or Camille Paglia (you must forgive me, there was time there about a dozen years ago

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.324768
Retrieved Text: Since 1997, incoming freshmen at ASU have been asked to read a book as part of their orientation to Appalachian State University. By participating in the Common Reading Program, students establish a shared experience with other new students.
Since 1997, incoming first-year students at Appalachian State University have been asked to read a book as part of their orientation to the university. By participating in the Common Reading Program, students establish a common experience with other new students that will help develop a sense of community with their new environment and introduce them to a part of the academic life they are beginning at Appalachian. This program is an exciting facet in Appalachian's orientation of new students to life on campus.
"After Equality: Where Should the LGBTQ Movement Go from Here?"
The Common Reading Program at Appalachian State is pleased to announce the 2018-19 book selection: The Laramie Project by Moisés Kaufman and the Members of Tectonic Theater Project. The Laramie Project is a play about the community of Laramie, Wyoming in the aftermath of the 1998 tragic murder of Matthew Shepard, who was a gay student at the University of Wyoming. The murder was denounced as a hate crime and sparked a national debate.
Members of the Tectonic Theater Project flew from New York City to Laramie and interviewed over 100 members of the community about their reactions to the murder and to the media attention that engulfed their town. The resulting play presents the perspectives of multiple people simultaneously, including the citizens of Laramie, members of the Tectonic

########
Rank: 3
Score: 50.063347
Retrieved Text: Theatre is a collective experience. Bringing an audience together to observe a story being acted out can sometimes provoke wildly divergent responses. If the script is good and the performers are committed, that shared communal experience can be overwhelmingly exciting. That kind of excitement permeates this staging of The Laramie Project, a fascinating piece of theatre that essentially chronicles its own creation.
In October 1998, 21-year old Matthew Shepard met Aaron McKinney and Russell Henderson at the Fireside Lounge in Laramie, Wyoming. They offered him a ride home but instead drove to a remote area where they robbed him, severely beat him, and left him tied to a fence post, where he remained for eighteen hours.
McKinney and Henderson were subsequently arrested and charged and over the course of their trial it became clear that they targeted this young man because of his sexual orientation.
Moises Kaufman and members of the Techtonic Theatre Project traveled to Laramie just a few weeks after this tragic event to interview hundreds of residents about their reaction – not only to Shepard’s murder but also the media attention that it brought to their town. Those interviews form the basis of “The Laramie Project.” Director Mario D’Alimonte and producer Merle Garbe have assembled a dedicated cast of eight performers to portray 60 different characters as we follow Kaufman and his troupe on their exploration of what really happened to Shepard. It’s not a pretty story. What emerges is an indictment against homophobia and a plea for acceptance or at least tolerance for alternative lifestyles.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.790154
Retrieved Text: UAH Theatre Program to Present: "The Laramie Project"
On the night of Oct. 6, 1998, a biker found the badly beaten body of Matthew Shepard, abandoned and tied to a cattle fence on the outskirts of Laramie. Shepard, a 21 year-old gay student attending The University of Wyoming would die six days after the brutal attack.
"The Laramie Project," an internationally successful play by Moisés Kaufman and the Tectonic Theater Project (based in New York city), will be performed by The University of Alabama in Huntsville (UAH) Theatre Program Nov. 4 -15, in the Wilson Hall Theatre. Specific show dates include Nov. 4-7, and Nov. 11-14, at 7 p.m., and Sundays, Nov. 8, and 15, at 2:30 p.m. General admission tickets are $15, UAH students free, and students from other schools and seniors $7.
Dr. Chad Allen Thomas, Assistant Professor of Shakespeare and dramatic literature in the English department at UAH, and Director of the Laramie Project, said the play is based on hundreds of interviews conducted by members of the Tectonic Theater Project. The play tells the true story of how a town reacts to the murder of Shepard, who was robbed, tortured and left to die because he was gay. The Wyoming community attempts to answer the question, "How could this happen in our town?"
"The play is now sixteen years old, yet it explores themes that remain entirely relevant today, which is why I advocated for the production," said Thomas. "Our presentation offers meditations on the nature of community, on the effect of 'othering' (whether intentional or

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.6446
Retrieved Text: The Laramie Project was written through a unique collaboration by Tectonic Theatre Project. During the year-and-a-half development of the play, members of the company and I traveled to Laramie six times to conduct interviews with the people of the town. We transcribed and edited the interviews, then conducted several workshops in which the members of the company presented material and acted as dramaturgs in the creation of the play.
As the volume of material grew with each additional trip to Laramie, a small writers� group from within the company began to work closely with me to further organize and edit the material, conduct additional research in Laramie, and collaborate on writing of the play. This group was led by Leigh Fondakowski as Head Writer, with Stephen Belber and Greg Pierotti as Associate Writers.
Matthew Wayne Shepard was a 21 year old University of Wyoming student who was brutally beaten, tied to a buck fence and left to die, with the constant Wyoming wind as his only companion. He was beaten and robbed because of his sexual orientation.
The Matthew Shepard Foundation was created by Matthew�s parents, Dennis and Judy Shepard, to honor their son in a manner that was appropriate to his dreams, beliefs and aspirations. Initial funds came from the many donations sent by people from all over the world in Matthew�s memory and to assist with his medical expenses. However, his family felt that it was more important for those donations to be used for the greater good of Matt's community.
The goal of the Matthew Shepard Foundation

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.483044
Retrieved Text: This past weekend Tectonic Theater Project performed its play cycle on the murder of Matthew Shepard and its effect on the town of Laramie, Wyoming – The Laramie Project and The Laramie Project: Ten Years Later. I was only able to attend the latter on its final night, which deals with the murder’s aftermath through interviews with town residents. It was a moving evening of documentary theater. Though Tectonic does not as yet list future tour performances, the plays are widely produced and I’m sure you will have a chance to see them if you missed this round at Arena Stage.
If not, watch clips online. Maybe while you’re waiting at the airport this week, fire it up. Start a dialogue with the person next to you. Who knows what may happen? You may learn something about the human capacity to alleviate discomfort by forgetting or distorting the past – “the nature of rumor,” as it’s described by a folklorist interviewed in the course of the play.
Matthew Shepard was murdered in 1998. I remember it not only as a murder whose horror was shocking in itself, but as an incident that catapulted hate crime and homophobia to the national news. It’s hard for me to stomach that there are college students in Laramie now who have absolutely no idea it happened, but that’s the truth as documented by Tectonic’s actors as they interviewed on campus while creating The Laramie Project: Ten Years Later. The nature of rumor is also responsible for what was once seen nationally as

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.09885
Retrieved Text: LAS VEGAS, NV – Las Vegas Market will host the 8th annual “Up on the Roof” gala charity event benefiting Gift for Life during the Summer 2018 Las Vegas Market. The 2018 fundraiser theme is “Erase Hate: A Celebration of Love,” in connection with the 20th anniversary of the murder of Matthew Shepard.
Gift for Life is the sole charitable organization for the gift, stationery and home décor industries and raises funds for HIV/Aids treatment, prevention, education and advocacy.
Leading multi-line sales agency Fine Lines will host a special “meet-and-greet” with Judy Shepard, Matthew’s mother and president of the Matthew Shepard Foundation, on Monday, July 30 from 12 – 4 p.m. in its showroom on C10, including a special signing of her book, The Meaning of Matthew, My Son’s Murder in Laramie and A World Transformed. Shepard will also be attending the Up on the Roof benefit.
“In today’s environment, more than ever, it is important that we remember Matthew, the impact of his murder and the tremendous work, love and passion that resulted,” said Matt Katzenson, Fine Lines chief executive and vice-chair of Gift for Life.
Fine Lines is the sales and marketing representative for Chavez for Charity, a supplier of signature colorful bracelets, necklaces and earrings sold to raise awareness and funds for critical causes worldwide. Chavez for Charity will introduce a special Matthew Shepard 20th anniversary commemorative bracelet at the Summer Market.
The 2018 Up on the Roof event will be held on Monday, July 30 from 6 – 8 p.m. in the WorldView Ballroom on Floor 16

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.744846
Retrieved Text: On the 11th anniversary of Matthew Shepard’s murder in Laramie, Wyoming, over 100 U.S. theaters are mounting simultaneous public readings of the play The Laramie Project, with a new epilogue. Three local theater groups—Asolo Repertory Theater (Sarasota), Mad Cow Theatre and Fantasyland Theatrical Productions (both Orlando)—are taking part.
“We see this event as a galvanizing force for the community,” says Michael Edwards, producing artistic director for Asolo.
This coordinated national public reading, called The Laramie Project: Ten Years Later, will take place Oct. 12, the date of Shepard’s death. The new epilogue will have its premiere across the country that night.
“It’s great when theater can raise our consciousness,” says Edwards.
The Asolo production is free. Donations gathered during the event will benefit the Matthew Shepard Foundation, an organization dedicated to working with local and national groups to provide support and education for anti-hate initiatives. Asolo has also encouraged Sarasota-based LGBT organizations to have a presence in the theater lobby.
The Laramie Project is still one of the most performed plays in America. It was created by Tectonic Theater Project after going to Laramie, Wyoming and interviewing dozens of people; some directly involved in the murder, some not. The production uses a small cast of actors to show many denizens of the rural town, including the deputy who found Shepard’s almost lifeless body, a local cab driver whose customers included the victim, Shepard’s parents, and even the murderers.
“This piece shows theatre’s power to educate and to show our humanity,” says Connon, who will perform in Mad Cow’s production. “It shows us

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.3763
Retrieved Text: The Smithsonian's National Museum of American History will receive a donation of papers and personal objects from the parents of Matthew Shepard, a young, gay college student who died of severe injuries following a vicious attack in October 1998 when he was a student at the University of Wyoming, Laramie.
Judy and Dennis Shepard will donate personal papers, photographs and notebooks representing the everyday life of their son as a student from elementary school through college, as a participant in theater productions and as an international traveler. The collection also will include condolence cards and correspondence the Shepards received following his death. In addition to the archival materials, a number of objects will serve as a poignant reminder of Shepard's life as an average American boy: a child-sized Superman cape, sandals, a purple ribbon award he received at school and a wedding ring he purchased in anticipation of one day meeting his soulmate.
"Twenty years is a long time in human years but only a blink in history. Yet it seems like only a moment ago that the country was shocked by the brutal killing of Matt Shepard," said Katherine Ott, curator at the museum. "The materials donated by his parents, Judy and Dennis, will allow a deeper understanding not only of that time and how people responded and grieved but also the historical vulnerability of LGBTQ people."
"For 20 years, we have tried to share the meaning of our son's life, as well as his dreams for a kinder, more accepting and loving world," said Judy Shepard, speaking

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.112244
Retrieved Text: In October 1998, openly gay University of Wyoming student Matthew Shepard was kidnapped, beaten and left to die, tied to a fence on the outskirts of Laramie, Wyoming. Five weeks later, Moisés Kaufman and fellow members of the Tectonic Theater Project went to Laramie, and over the course of the next year conducted more than 200 interviews with people of the town. From these interviews they wrote The Laramie Project, a chronicle of the life of the town of Laramie in the year after the murder.
Laramie premiered in New York in 2000, playing to rave reviews and impassioned audiences. Time Magazine called it “one of the ten best plays of the year,” and it has since become one of the most performed plays in North America. Studio 180 was honoured to present its Canadian professional premiere at the Artword Theatre in 2003.
Our inaugural production met with such success that we remounted Laramie in 2004 (in association with Buddies in Bad Times Theatre as part of their 25th Anniversary Season). And, on October 12, 2009, on the anniversary of Matthew Sheppard’s death, we participated in an extraordinary one-night event as we joined forces with theatres around the world to perform simultaneous readings of The Laramie Project: Ten Years Later, a fascinating epilogue to the original piece.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.532425
Retrieved Text: Carly Murray, Ashley Zadel and Steven Suskin rehearse for the Peninsula Community Theatre production of "The Laramie Project."
Jenn Thomas was 17 when a college student named Matthew Shepard was beaten to death and left hanging on a fence in Laramie, Wyo.
She says she was strongly affected by the horrific crime committed against a gay college student, and profoundly moved two years later by “The Laramie Project,” a play depicting the community response to the incident.
She will achieve that goal this weekend when “The Laramie Project” opens a nine-performance run at the Peninsula Community Theatre in Newport News.
It was 20 years ago this weekend that two young men beat Shepard and left him for dead in a remote field. By the time he died of his head injuries six days later, his name had become national news — and a rallying point against bigotry.
That 20-year anniversary was not lost on Thomas.
The play is not a depiction of the deadly attack, but a more subdued and stark observation of the many different reactions that a small town has to a stunning act of violence.
True to the original production by the New York-based Tectonic Theater Project, Thomas’ production will feature eight actors — four male, four female — rotating to play 70 characters. The cast ranges from Peninsula Community Theatre veterans to York High School students Carly Murray and Ashley Zadel.
Thomas said she likes and respects that the play does not comment on the reactions to Shepard’s death as much as it observes them.
She is particularly drawn to a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.95693
Retrieved Text: The Laramie Project is presented by Breaking Boundaries.
The Laramie Project is a play about the 1998 murder of University of Wyoming gay student Matthew Shepard in Laramie, Wyoming.
The Laramie Project was October 19, 2012 at 1pm for school groups and October 20 at 7pm for the general public. Both performances were free.
56% of children and youth have personally felt some sort of bullying. It’s worst between 4th and 8th grade, when 90% of students are victims of bullying.
The most common reasons for bullying? Difference.
Cyber-bullying via texting and social media sites is growing exponentially, and increases the reach and insidiousness of this culture of cruelty.
The majority of bullied students never report it to an adult.
A victim of bullying is twice as likely to take his/her own life compared to someone who is not bullied.
One out of 10 students quits school because of being bullied.
Breaking Boundaries raises our shared voices with schools, law enforcement, youth groups, suicide prevention agencies and other interested citizens on the subject of local bullying to insist, “Enough.” Bring your family; then have a conversation.
Join us. Unite against bullying.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 41.635883
Retrieved Text: Fourteen years ago, the hamlet of Laramie, Wyoming experienced a tragedy. Murder. A college student, Matthew Shepard, was ruthlessly killed because of his sexual orientation. Sprouting from the crime was outrage from supporters and opposers of homosexuality alike that raised awareness regarding discrimination based on sexual orientation. The aftermath was the birth of a play. The Laramie Project illustrates Laramie’s response to Matthew Shepard’s death. The heart-wrenching story presents the views of those both for and against homosexuality. Performed by Maplewood Richmond-Heights High School, the play ignited as much controversy as when the play was first published. Proving the significance of the piece, was Westboro Baptist Church’s protest on the day of the performance, where many took a stand against the play and homosexuality. Despite the opposition, MRH High School students persevered with courage to put an end to discrimination. The show was a statement. A statement for love, and a cry for peace.
The Laramie Project has many unique components. The cast consists of a few actors who perform in many different roles. Notable was Presten Pinnell, who played four roles, but most prominently the character, Matt Galloway. Pinnell was a memorable actor because he was consistent in creating different characterizations in each role. Also masterful was Ben Speed (Jedadiah Schultz and Aaron McKinney) who was almost unrecognizable as the same person with his different characters’ vocals and mannerisms. Leading the show with consistency in character and strong stage presence was Taylor Kennedy (Romaine Patterson), who provided comic relief and insight into the story that no

########
Rank: 14
Score: 41.204178
Retrieved Text: Websites captured in the Matthew Shepard Web Crawl reflect a broad and in-depth coverage of the Shepard murder, memorials, and efforts that address inequalities based on gender and sexual orientation. These include sites such as the Westboro Baptist Church that protested at University of Wyoming following Shepard’s death and condemns homosexuality. Also included are websites for films and books based on and related to the Shepard murder, and blogs by friends and family of Matthew Shepard. Creation of this collection was made possible by a grant through the University of Wyoming's President's Advisory Council on Minorities' and Womens' Affairs.
The Matthew Shepard Web Archive contains a collection of five web sites which were harvested using the Internet Archive's Archive-It service. The 99,578 documents captured by the web-crawl reflect a broad and in-depth coverage of the Shepard murder, memorials, and efforts that address inequalities based on gender and sexual orientation. These include sites such as the Westboro Baptist Church that protested at University of Wyoming following Shepard's death and condemns homosexuality.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.11881
Retrieved Text: If you’re a theater buff who’s worried that the shutdown’s shuttering of Ford’s Theatre and the shunting of The Laramie Project to a nearby church means audiences there must be getting something second rate, I have a news flash: The show temporarily onstage at the First Congregational United Church of Christ is not only first rate; it’s a once-in-a-lifetime theater experience—a historic convergence of site and substance that is not to be missed.
Holly Twyford and Kimberly Schraf in the Ford’s Theatre production of “The Laramie Project,” directed by Matthew Gardiner. Photo by Carol Rosegg.
Remember how MTV used to have great musicians perform “unplugged”? And remember how piercingly the music and lyrics came through, how authentic the musicians’ voices sounded, how intimate the experience was, how phenomenal the songs were on their own? That’s exactly what’s going on now over at 945 G Street NW – except it’s better. It’s The Laramie Project unplugged. And it’s a theatrical epiphany so pure of heart, so raw with ache and hurt, so brimful of unadorned hope that by the end it feels more like a benediction than a play.
The familiar story that is the source of this show is still deeply disturbing: Fifteen years ago a young gay man named Matthew Shepard was murdered in Laramie, Wyoming. He had been tied to a fence outside town, beaten brutally, and left alone and bleeding until by chance a bicyclist found him 18 hours later. In critical condition, he died a few days after. Two young men were convicted of the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.001907
Retrieved Text: Online reviewers have called My Invented Life a lot of things.
These words are all very gratifying. I’m always happy when someone gets my sense of humor 😀 I’ve also gotten comments about how I address the issue of sexual orientation in my novel. One blogger in particular, Anna of Book Nerds, mentioned she was glad I’d included Matthew Shepard in my story.
Matthew Shepard was a college student in Laramie Wyoming. One night at a bar, two teen-aged boys offered him a ride. Instead of taking him home, though, they tied him to a fence in a remote location, beat him, and left him there. All because he was gay. The next day a jogger found Matthew and got him to a hospital. He died later from the injuries.
I had heard Matthew Shepard ‘s story before writing My Invented Life. But as I wrote, I learned more about him and read the Laramie Project, a play based on the events surrounding his death and the trial afterwards. The play moved me deeply. So I included Matthew in my novel as part of Roz’s personal awakening.
After languishing for twelve years, last month the Matthew Shepard Act was passed by Congress and signed into law. For the first time in history, LGBT people are protected from violence under hate crime law. Read more about it here.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.59124
Retrieved Text: Matt Shepard is a Friend of Mine explores the life and tragic death of Matthew Shepard, the gay student brutally murdered in Laramie, Wyoming in one of the most notorious hate crimes in U.S. history. Framed through the personal lens of friends and family, it's a story of loss, love, and courage in the face of unspeakable tragedy. This film has earned 10 Best Documentary and Audience Choice Awards from film festivals worldwide, including the Audience Award from the Side by Side LGBT International Film Festival, Russia's LGBT film series.
While I did find the film touching, I felt like details were missing from the narrative that needed to be included. For example, the media's portrayal and response largely determined people's perception of the event. I still am left wondering if a intersectional approach was to be used, while I do think this was a hate crime, I need more info on his relationship to his attackers, his use of potential crystal meth, prosititution, etc. these details should be not glanced over and although their was probably a code of silence, i felt this was severely lacking in being authentic and true to how it went down.
The documentary was well made up to his move to Laramie, but again I feel details are being left out. I admire the work that the matthew shepherd foundation does but again feel that this movie could of been more historically accurate. YES, he had depression but I'm getting the sense their was more to the story then that.
Congratulations to the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.12261
Retrieved Text: Most people going to a play don’t expect to undergo feelings of intense emotion and discomfort, but that’s exactly what this year’s fall play, “The Laramie Project,” aimed to accomplish.
“The Laramie Project” is a reaction to the murder of a gay college student, Matthew Shepard, in Laramie, Wyoming. The play draws from multiple interviews, transcripts, and various journal entries and news reports. October 2018 marked the 20th anniversary of his death, and director Catherine Hopkins, theatre teacher, hoped it was executed with passion and emotion.
It’s not very often that high schools see “The Laramie Project” in production because of its crude language and controversial subject. Along with a unique production comes a unique set. This year’s cast brought the audience on stage with them for an up close experience. There were risers on stage and the audience sat just feet from the actors.
Thoroughman is playing multiple parts in the production due to the fact that 63 roles are involved, with only 23 cast members. Before the play was performed, she hoped the cast will be able to do it justice.
Due to this pressure of trying to execute the play correctly, the cast has had to step up their game more than normal. The lead roles were only assigned to veteran actors and the less experienced members are playing the small roles.
“This is a very advanced play, so the cast members really needed to be pushed,” Hopkins said.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.009167
Retrieved Text: New England Youth Theatre actors rehearse a scene from “The Laramie Project,” which opens at NEYT on April 6.
Tickets are $13 for adults, $12 for seniors, and $10 for students, and may be purchased in advance at www.neyt.org, in person at the NEYT Box Office, or by phone at (802) 246-6398 from noon to 5 p.m. on Wednesdays. This show is made possible through generous support from The Latchis Theatre and the Samara Fund.
BRATTLEBORO—New England Youth Theatre will present the groundbreaking play The Laramie Project, by Moisés Kaufman, directed by Hallie Flower, at 100 Flat St. on April 6 and 13 at 7 p.m., April 7 and 14 at 2 and 7 p.m., April 8 and 15 at 2 p.m., and April 13 at 7 p.m.
In October 1998, Matthew Shepard was kidnapped, severely beaten, and left to die, tied to a fence on the outskirts of Laramie, Wyoming.
Five weeks later, Moisés Kaufman and fellow members of the Tectonic Theater Project went to Laramie and, over the course of the next year, conducted more than 200 interviews with people of the town.
From these interviews they wrote The Laramie Project, which chronicles the life of the town of Laramie in the year after the murder and has gone on to be one of the most performed plays on American stages.
“Producing this play 20 years after Matthew Shepard’s passing has proven to be a commentary on what has changed in the world, and what, sadly, has remained the same,” director Hallie Flower said in a news release.
The play encourages

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.821087
Retrieved Text: Gabe Feuerstein-Mendik didn't know the story behind The Laramie Project when he auditioned for the role of Jedadiah Schultz in September. His first indication of what he could expect from the performance was the number of cast members who volunteered their emotional support during the group's first read-through.
"I'm a freshman, so this was a big introduction to just about everyone," Feuerstein-Mendik says. "I distinctly remember my castmates setting up the fact that this was the type of show where you might need emotional support, where there would be moments that would be difficult to get through."
"I think with this play, audiences have a capacity to be moved, and when people are moved, there's a capacity for change."
As LGBTQ History Month draws to a close, the JHU Barnstormers present The Laramie Project, which tells the story of the death of 21-year-old Matthew Shepard, a gay man who was brutally beaten and tied to a split-rail fence in near-freezing temperatures in Laramie, Wyoming, on Oct. 6, 1998, before dying from his injuries six days later. He had been targeted for his sexual identity, and the ensuing investigation and criminal proceedings drew attention to the lack of hate crime legislation in Wyoming and other states.
Written by Moisés Kaufman and members of the Tectonic Theater Project in 2000, The Laramie Project is a historical and cultural drama drawn from interviews conducted by the theater group in the town after Shepard's death. The play premiered in Denver in 2000 and in Laramie in 2002, and has since been performed in professional

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.569973
Retrieved Text: A small town in Wyoming, relatively unknown to the average person, became the center of attention after a horrific crime shook it to its core. “The Laramie Project” focused solely on this tragedy and was first performed in 2000 in Denver, Colo. by the Denver Center Theatre Company. It depicted one of the most original and intense portrayals of the hate crime committed in 1998 in Laramie, Wyoming against Matthew Shepard, a gay University of Wyoming student. This singular event was extremely impactful in American history and still resonates today.
Newport News’s very own Peninsula Community Theater (PCT) put on this production right down the road from our campus. This was the first kind of performance I have ever seen done in this fashion. It was nothing short of amazing.
For instance, the set had a minimalistic design and did not go through any sort of scene changes (besides moving a few chairs around). The cast, composed of four men and four women, managed to keep their audience engaged almost entirely just based on the dialogue in a documentary style plot. This was quite the feet considering that the eight of them had to play the roles of more than thirty-two characters.
The play followed the tragic events of a murder committed in 1998 (in what was later identified as a hate crime against homosexuals). The Tectonic Theater Project (TTP) noticed the impact of this event and went to Laramie to hear the story first hand. Their organization captured the aftermath of how this brutal crime affected the little

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.464718
Retrieved Text: Florida Gulf Coast University graduating senior Roxanne DuBois has her sights set on a career in theatre. Not as an actor or director. Coming out of a family tradition of making things, Roxanne sees herself as the ultimate Props Goddess.
The prop god or master is the professional who supervises the use of properties, better known as props, in theatrical productions and films. She’s the one who is tasked with procuring or making, keeping track of, and ensuring that props are placed in the correct location on stage so that the actors can reach for them at the appropriate time during a scene. Her job typically begins in meetings with the director, costume designer, set designer, and lighting designer, where she gleans a vision for the finished piece and generates a list off the props that will be needed for the production. Most theater companies and movie studios have a library of props, but the prop master must often pop tags in her local thrift store a’ la Mackelmore or make her own props in house.
Which is precisely what DuBois has done for the Theatre Department’s production of The Laramie Project that opens February 14.
“I’ve been working closely with [FGCU Theatre Department Associate Professor] Anne Carncross, and she thinks I’d be really good at props because I have background in sculpture, ceramics and painting,” Roxanne relates. “So she got me into props and I’ve made props for the last two shows that the Theatre Department has put on. Right now, I’m working with Michelle Hayford, who is

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.84365
Retrieved Text: Mourners gathered Thursday night in Washington's Dupont Circle to remember the gay college student whose murder changed the way we think about hate crimes, and call attention to the battles that remain.
It's been 20 years since Matthew Shepard was robbed, pistol-whipped and tied to a fence by two men he met in a bar in Laramie, Wyoming. He was left in the freezing cold overnight, and a cyclist who thought he was a scarecrow discovered him. He later died in a hospital.
Shepard's ashes will be interred Friday at the Washington National Cathedral -- the only place where his parents felt they would be safe from desecration.
His death galvanized the LGBTQ civil rights movement, leading to the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, also named for a black man who was killed by three white supremacists in Texas.
Speakers at Thursday's candlelight vigil told those in attendance that the fight continues for equal rights and treatment for the LGBTQ community, especially transgender and gender-nonconforming people.
The world is a different place than it was when Shepard was killed, said Rev. V. Gene Robinson, who will carry his ashes and preside over Friday's service.
"But the kind of hatred and violence that killed Matthew Shephard is alive and well and living in this country," Robinson told CNN affiliate WJLA.
"We've grown more likely to label some people 'other' and treat them horribly. ... Every good person I know needs to stand up and say that's not who we are," Robinson said.
Several speakers drew attention to the plight of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.450825
Retrieved Text: An alleged hate crime was committed on Curry College’s campus in relation to the upcoming spring theater production.
On Friday, April 8, fliers for the school’s upcoming play “The Laramie Project” were vandalized with anti-gay slurs and inappropriate drawings in two different academic buildings, Hafer and AAPC.
The play reenacts the murder of Matthew Shepard, a gay college student who was beaten and tied to a fence, left for dead on the outskirts of Laramie, Wyoming, in 1998.
Hayden Lombardozzi, a sophomore Criminal Justice student, discovered one of the vandalized posters. The poster had an anti-gay slur written across it and was left up on the in-going door on the ground floor of Hafer. Lombardozzi is a cast member in “The Laramie Project” as well as a LGBTQ student on campus.
When asked if the campus is diverse and accepting, Curry students have mixed reactions.
“There are always going to be a population of people anywhere that doesn’t agree with another group of people,” says Mark Donlin, a sophomore Sociology major.
Others think Curry needs to harden its policies and be more proactive when it comes to hate crimes and speech.
“Curry wants their track record clean,” says Cristina Sacchi, a senior Psychology major. “To own up to something like this is a whole different thing.” She also pointed out how no one on campus has been informed formally about the incident.
The school and Milton Police are currently investigating this incident as a hate crime, according to Brian Greeley, chief of Public Safety. Curry College Public Safety is urging anyone with any information

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.781414
Retrieved Text: Why isn’t Janelle Pflager being Charged as an Accomplice?
My SO mentioned that in Germany they already are wondering why Pflager hasn’t been charged, and that as the German Consul noted, Germans can and will take the matters in their own hands and charge Pflager, and in case of an acquittal, Kaarma.
Unfortunately, that isn’t what Germans are thinking about Montana at the present. They already are dumbfounded that Pflager’s being an accomplice has been ignored by prosecutors and the press. Sad that our press and Governor need to look to the financial impact to the state when considering how to respond, or whom to charge. Or what the impact of an ugly extradition proceedings and foreign trial with all the accompanying media attention might have on their bottom line.
Of course, we only need to look at the impact of letting the actions of Grizzly football players dictate public relations for the University of Montana to know that no one will ever admit that the huge decline in students and associated budget cuts are a result of prosecutorial misconduct. Why would reactions to a murder trial be any different?
Castle Doctrine? There are real castles in Germany, and none of them are being used to justify the murder of unarmed teenagers, even if they are trespassing. Justice should be swift and merciful.
Bullock did the right thing by offering condolences to the Dede family. A full apology would be more appropriate but at least he addressed the unconscionable shooting of the exchange student.
What shocks me is the lack of sympathy,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.63871
Retrieved Text: Last Wednesday, the State of Wyoming bought 23,000 square feet of real estate in Sheridan for $5 million. The RockWell building is located past Sheridan High School on 5th Street and Mydland Road. There are no plans yet by the state as to how they are going to use the building.
The Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis will take part in a worldwide reading of a new epilogue to "The Laramie Project," about the killing of gay college student Matthew Shepard in Wyoming."The Laramie Project: 10 Years Later" features new interviews with Shepard's mother, Judy, and with convicted killer Aaron McKinney.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.42835
Retrieved Text: On 6 October 1998, Matthew Shepard, a student at the University of Wyoming, met Aaron James McKinney and Russel Arthur Henderson in a bar. After Shepard admitted he was gay, they talked him into leaving with them, at which point they drove to a secluded location outside Laramie, stole his wallet, tied him to a fence, pistol-whipped him senseless, and left him for dead in freezing weather. He was discovered 18 hours later, his unconscious body initially mistaken for a scarecrow.
Shepard died from his injuries six days later, and was promptly made an example of by the Right Reverend Fred Phelps of the Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka, Kansas, who claimed divine retribution had killed Shepard for the sin of being a homosexual. Phelps and his flock picketed Shepard's funeral on 17 October 1998, holding signs proclaiming "GOD HATES FAGS" and similar slogans, later installing a "memorial" on the church website which proclaims: Matthew Shepard has been in hell for 2102 days. Eternity - 2102 days = Eternity.
Shepard's parents have since become vocal gay rights activists.
An exposé on 20/20 in late 2004 contended that Shepard was HIV positive, that he knew his abductors (and perhaps one of them, Aaron McKinney, was bisexual), and that Shepard was a crystal meth user and active in the local pickup scene. If these facts are true the entire incident turns more from a notorious hate crime into a robbery gone horribly awry.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.266865
Retrieved Text: Thanks Susan. I couldn't find it on their site.
Hi Susan, working really hard here on rehearsals amid the crazy snowstorm. Do you have pronunciations for some of the people's names?
Hi, Susan! Thanks so much for checking in! We had an amazingly good opening weekend, with a sold-out house on Saturday night. Our director has also had an inquiry from a local high school whose drama class is reading The Laramie Project and would like the opportunity to come and see us. I am so privileged to be a part of the Tectonic Project's and the Matthew Shepard Foundation's work.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.905155
Retrieved Text: Meraki Theatre Productions is hosting our (second annual!) cabaret fundraiser at Wee Johnny's (117 McDermot Ave) on Thursday, February 28th @ 7:00pm to raise money to cover theatre costs for our upcoming play "The Laramie Project: 10 Years Later.” This production will be the Manitoba premiere performed during Winnipeg Pride 2019. We are going to be donating 25% of the ticket proceeds of our show to the brand new Get Real Manitoba youth program for LGBTQ+ youth and allies. We have some stellar performers, exciting silent auction prizes + cheap drinks.
"The Laramie Project: 10 Years Later"
Rehearsals are currently underway for our production and Manitoba Premiere of “The Laramie Project: 10 Years Later.” Stay tuned for more information about the show! We can’t wait to share this production with you. The show will take place during Winnipeg Pride and will be performed at the Rachel Browne Theatre May 28th - June 1st (7:30pm nightly).
Recently “The Uniter,” the University of Winnipeg’s newspaper, published their 2018 Uniter 30 Edition, featuring the top 30 favourite local people, places & things of 2018 voted by the public. We are overjoyed to announce that we won in the category of “Favourite Local Performance” of 2018 for our production of “The Laramie Project” (May, 2018)! We feel so honoured and truly touched that so many people appreciated our performance and voted for us! We can’t do what we do without the amazing support that we’ve been receiving and we want to say a huge thank you to you, Winnipeg!
Paint Night, Popcorn & Play

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.789408
Retrieved Text: Filmmaker Todd Haynes is known for making provocative films that subvert narrative structure and resound with transgressive, complex eroticism. The content of his work has made Haynes the subject of both acclaim and controversy, a whipping boy for debates about NEA funding and a figurehead in the new queer cinema. Although he doesn't characterize himself as a gay filmmaker who makes exclusively gay films -- he has pointed out in interviews that to do this would be taking only the content instead of the form of his films into consideration -- Haynes' name has become synonymous with that cinematic movement and its work to both expose and redefine the contours of queer culture in America and beyond.
Born January 2, 1961, in Los Angeles, Haynes grew up in nearby Encino. He developed an interest in film at a young age, and while still a high school student, he produced his first film, a short about contemporary teenage life entitled The Suicide (1978). Haynes went on to study at Brown University, where he made his directorial debut with Assassins: A Film Concerning Rimbaud (1985). After attaining his BA in Arts and Semiotics, the young filmmaker moved to New York, where he launched Apparatus Productions, a non-profit organization for the support of independent films. Shortly thereafter, he gained his first dose of attention -- and ultimately, controversy -- with Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story (1987). A psychological docudrama about the life and death of singer and anorexia victim Karen Carpenter, the film blended sharp satire (most obviously in its

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.99961
Retrieved Text: Tomas Alfredson’s “Let the Right One In”, based on the book by John Ajvide Lindqvist who also wrote the fantastic screenplay, follows Swedish boy Oscar, a young misanthrope with an intensely suppressed anger and a penchant for attracting bullies, whose life changes forever upon the arrival of mysterious next-door neighbor Eli, a cute girl his same age.
As grisly attacks and murders begin to plague the town, Oscar and Eli strike up a friendship out of mutual, if not fully disclosed, solitude. The two grow closer and soon Oscar is enlightened with the unfortunate truth that things are never as they seem and, upon discovery that Eli is in fact a vampire, is faced with a horrifying dose of life and exposed, for the first time, to the suppositions of evil.
Oscar is handled carefully and stricken with an utterly misunderstood vulnerability by Kare Hedebrant, whose pure dedication and inhabitation of Oscar makes his performance endlessly fascinating to follow. Eli, played by the fearless Lina Leandersson, is restrained and kind but laced with a sad wisdom well beyond her years.
The direction of Tomas Alfredson must be held in commendation for he extracted performances so sincere and alarming, that the two leads are never held under the microscope or question of validity, their age holding no bounds for the emotional capabilities of their talents.
What makes this film work so well is the fluidity of its parts to create a greater and beautiful whole. The fact that the author of the book adapted his work into the screenplay makes this

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.12458
Retrieved Text: Randy Quaid wallpapers for your PC, Android Device, Iphone or Tablet PC. If you want to download Randy Quaid High Quality wallpapers for your desktop, please download this wallpapers above and click «set as desktop background». You can share this wallpaper in social networks, we will be very grateful to you.
Randy Quaid – American actor, best known for his roles in such films as Midnight Express, The Last Detail, Goya’s Ghosts.
Randall Rudy Quaid was born October 1, 1950 in Houston, the son of a real estate agent and Juanita electrician William Rudy Quaid. Quaid studied acting at the University of Houston, where he discovered the famous director Peter Bogdanovich and invited his band The Last Picture Show. After the success of this picture, in the twenty-one year Randy moved to Los Angeles, where he worked as a janitor at the Hollywood Boulevard, but in the same year, was nominated for an Oscar for his role in the drama The Last Detail. This was followed by work in such films as Discipleship Duddy Kravitz, Escape, The Missouri Breaks, On the way to glory, Fox, The Long Riders, Escape the robots, Vacations, Out of Control, baseball wife, Mozart and the Whale, The Spirit of Vengeance, No Man’s Land, Moving, Frozen, Parents, Christmas holidays, Days of thunder, freaks, Newspaper, The Last dance, independence Day, plant, Rain, Not Another Teen movie, Carolina, Black Cadillac, The Ice harvest, Brokeback mountain. The last movie with Randy Quaid was released in 2007, Real time – Canadian tragicomedy by director Randall Cole.
In 1994, Quaid

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.313354
Retrieved Text: Synopsis: A biopic depicting the early years of legendary director and aviator Howard Hughes’s career, from the late 1920s to the mid-1940s.
Did You Know? As of 2014, Cate Blanchett remains the only actor to win an Oscar for portraying an Oscar winner.
Why are women in cinema always wooed by creepy men molesting them? Oh that’s right, because they’re made by men, who like to stroke their own egos and thereby encourage men to be creepy and to never accept no as an answer.
I want very badly to like Leonardo DiCaprio; he seems to put great effort and dedication into his roles, but I think I’ve decided that I don’t really care for his style of acting. He has to scream in every movie and he’s always scowling in that angsty “I’m a tortured actor” way. His best performances, in my opinion, were What’s Eating Gilbert Grape? and Marvin’s Room, but his subsequent work has seemingly been a quest to obtain that ever-elusive Oscar statuette. Indeed, his roles have become increasingly excessive with garish eccentricities.
Cate Blanchett, on the other hand, is sublime as Katharine Hepburn. Her performance and the beautiful cinematography are the only redeeming aspects of this film.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.950947
Retrieved Text: “A man … a girl … captives in their own worlds … finding escape in each other …” Adapted from the 1961 novel Be Ready with Bells and Drums by Australian writer Elizabeth Kata and filmed in black-and-white, A Patch of Blue explores a number of social issues, including racism, child abuse and alcoholism. The film features outstanding performances from Sidney Poitier (who had won a Best Actor Oscar for Lilies of the Field two years earlier) and Elizabeth Hartman (in her film debut). And yet it was Shelley Winters who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress as the overbearing, obnoxious and extremely abusive prostitute Rose-Ann D’Arcy, who accidentally blinded her five-year-old daughter, Selina, during a fight with her husband. What was the Academy smoking that year? Okay, Winters does a great job but she is such a vile, loathsome creature that her scenes are almost too painful to watch. Come to think of it, I’ve disliked Winters ever since she totally ruined Montgomery Clift’s relationship with Elizabeth Taylor in A Place in the Sun (1951)! Poitier portrays Gordon Ralfe, an office worker who befriends the now-teenage Selina (Hartman) in a park and gradually helps her break out of her isolation (she has rarely left the rundown apartment, has never attended school and has never even heard of Braille). The characters develop a strong connection since both of them know the pain of being outsiders. However, Rose-Ann has much more sinister plans for her daughter’s future. In his last film role, Wallace Ford (1898-1966) does

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.814997
Retrieved Text: November 23, 2009 Dan O.
Does it actually take 8 different point of views to see who assassinated the president?
Moments after he arrives in Spain for a landmark anti terrorism summit, U.S. President Ashton is shot. The 15 minutes leading up to the shooting are rehashed — Rashomon-style — from the perspective of various onlookers: two Secret Service agents (Dennis Quaid and Matthew Fox), a TV reporter (Sigourney Weaver) and a tourist (Forest Whitaker).
I’m not going to lie but the premise is actually quite intriguing. I was looking forward to actually seeing this movie, but it collapsed into car crashes, shoot-outs, and utterly implausible plot developments.
The one thing I liked about the film was its style. It revealed something new at just about every vantage point, and sometimes things we didn’t understand the first time, we understand somehow later on.
Then, after awhile the flashbacks really start to be annoying. I felt like I was watching Groundhog Day by the 5th flashback, cause to be truly honest, this film has way too much plot and not enough action to let us have fun with. Instead we always have to think about whats going on at that exact moment.
The one big twist to the whole film is that the president that gets shot isn’t really the real president. Yes, it’s one of those dumb look alike twists. I found this completely stupid and just put in to give William Hurt some lines to work with. Also, the cliches come out almost every step of the way. You have lines

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.810875
Retrieved Text: "Modern Old-Fashioned Melodramatic Storytelling Done Right"
It�s easy to fathom why modern filmmakers would want to dredge up the past in a style for their latest project. In an age of groundbreaking special effects, fancy rapid-fire editing and gross-out humor, the term �old-fashioned� becomes a compliment rather than a censure. Screwball comedies, archaic ghost stories and even �70s thinking-man�s action films� all come back now and then and present a timeless quality that will likely elude most of the titles even deemed �modern classics� today. Melodrama, however, is usually reserved for golden era television productions and has been relegated to the soap opera and disease-of-the-week variety. It�s mocked by critics and audiences alike, so why would any filmmaker take it upon himself to channel a genre from the bygone era of the cinema?
Not just a genre either, but a filmmaker himself, Douglas Sirk, whose literate melodramatic compositions of the 1950s were initially dismissed as camp but have since garnered a place in film history amongst scholars who cut through the operatic emotion to focus on its subtext. Director Todd Haynes has crafted a film in that very style; one that requires patience as its all-so-subtle underpinnings and overdramatic moments approach the realm of parody and if you didn�t know better, you would swear it was.
Cathy Whitaker (Julianne Moore) seems to be living the All-American life with the All-American family in the All-American town. In the 1950s. Life in the suburbs, a supportive husband (Dennis Quaid), gossip with the gals over a pitcher of daiquiris and magazine reporters

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.74367
Retrieved Text: The Hope Mill Theatre’s latest musical theatre venture sees an adaptation of Rebecca West’s novel Return of the Soldier turned into a poignant and moving chamber musical set in the First World War.
Told by a remarkable cast of five, it’s a mesmeric story that explores a multitude of issues the war has caused in people’s lives. When upper-class soldier Captain Christopher Baldry (Chris Jenkins) returns from war hiding his suffering trauma, he has forgotten his wife and comes back desperately in love with his previous lover Margaret Grey (Naomi Slights.) Margaret is married to her husband William, but still longs for the passionate romance she had with Christopher, yet fears breaking her husband’s heart.
The two women at the centre of the piece, Kitty and Margaret go through a series of emotions that resonates with any era. Naomi Slights gives a sublime performance as Margaret, as her natural characterisation creates a warm and utterly convincing character that the truly audience root for. Despite her kind and loyal husband William doing everything he can to please her, she craves the passion she has with Christopher.
Tessa Kadler is remarkable at playing the façade that her character Kitty puts on to gloss over her tortured feelings. She is witty and strong-willed, but when her vulnerability seeps through it’s heart-breaking to watch, particularly in her emotionally charged song No Mans Land.
This production tackles the impact of the war on Christopher and Chris Jenkins captures his damaged nature with a distinct tenderness that really captures the audiences’ emotions. Troubled by his past

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.236647
Retrieved Text: The trailer for Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth's new movie, The Railway Man has been released today.
The two-and-a-half-minute preview shows the two Oscar winners appearing as husband and wife, after meeting on a railway journey to Scotland.
But, despite their initial happiness, things take a turn as Colin Firth's character Eric Lomax is still haunted by his treatment as a prisoner of war on the Thai/Burmese railway in World War II.
When Eric discovers the man who tortured him is still alive, he decides to return to confront his oppressor in an attempt to be rid of his demons.
The film is based on a true story and also stars Swede Stellan Skarsgard, while Jeremy Irvine plays the young Eric.
It's set for a 3 January 2014 release date and is already attracting Oscar buzz, after getting a standing ovation at a Toronto Film Festival screening.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.236221
Retrieved Text: A person’s traction with Carol will likely go as far as one is willing to engage its premise, which is a star-crossed lesbian romance set in post-WWII America. Outside of one explicit encounter, it’s a rather chaste affair marked by touches, glances, and anxious uncertainty. But regardless of how somebody feels about what the film has to say, how it says it – from lush craft to intelligent, sensitive storytelling – distinguishes Carol as one of the year’s best films.
Putting the art in arthouse, Carol is an elegant, sophisticated work both on the surface and deep beneath it, as it penetrates the suppressed, existential underlay of a polished 1950s veneer. Director Todd Haynes collaborates with stars Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara to constrain emotions in a way that heightens them, imbuing an environment tailored to immaculate perfection – Mad Men’s meticulous Matthew Weiner would be jealous – with waves of tension, elation, grief, and melancholy (a soundtrack of the era’s more elegiac songs sure helps).
Based on the Patricia Highsmith novel “The Price of Salt” (which was published at the time of its setting, making it a contemporary – and controversial – book when it hit shelves), Carol is, for modern audiences, sort of a Brokeback Mountain with women. Ten years after that Oscar-winner’s release, Carol isn’t quite the taboo-tester that Ang Lee’s film was, and even finds itself in a very accepting cultural milieu. Haynes and screenwriter Phyllis Nagy use that progressive atmosphere to the film’s advantage, allowing Carol to be (for the most part) driven

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.168055
Retrieved Text: The Hummingbirds are husband-wife team S.G. and Rachel Wood. Born and raised in Detroit, now residing in Tampa, their music is both northern and southern Americana, blending both grit, and self reliance with hospitality, and charm. They play old guitars through old amps, bang drums, and even pluck banjos sometimes. Their live stage chemistry and organic duo harmonies immediately captivate and charm audience members while Rachel’s solid command of rhythm guitar, peppered with S.G.’s thoughtful lead work, keep their songs rolling in true Americana form. S.G. and Rachel were fans of classic country music, as well as myriad of other genres when they started their band in the early 2000’s. And while they continue to draw on these influences, what comes out in their own songwriting is a hybrid sound all their own, genuine & playful, earnest & soulful. Their songs twist through tales of loss & heartache, while others whisper sounds of hope, love, and journeys from the road.
Their newest album, “13 Days” released in 2015 features 13 songs about rivers & rattlesnakes, the cold & the road, and heartaches & love. Recorded & mixed by Grammy Award winner, Mitch Dane in Nashville, the recording is delivered with a touch of twang and a rootsy, raw, alt-country vibe.
The Hummingbirds have two previously released recordings. Their first self-titled release (2005), is a twangy full length album, which includes a track that was placed in the 2009 film “The Horsemen,” starring Dennis Quaid. Their second release came out in 2007, an EP titled “Lonesome,” a blend of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.82116
Retrieved Text: Whether involving rats, spikes, or boiling oil, the worst execution methods ever invented prove that humans have mastered the art of torture and death.
If the last few thousand years of human history have shown us to be good at one thing, it’s the art of inflicting painful, humiliating death on one another.
A slow and agonizing punishment, this method traditionally saw the victim gradually lowered — feet-first — into boiling oil, water, or wax (although uses of boiling wine and molten lead have also been recorded).
If the shock of the pain did not render them immediately unconscious, the person would experience the excruciating sensation of their outer layers of skin, utterly destroyed by immersion burns, dissolving right off their body, followed by the complete breakdown of the fatty tissue, boiling away beneath.
It seems safe to assume that such a horrendous fate, one of the worst execution methods ever devised, would be reserved for the foulest of murderers, but historical documents refute this.
Emperor Nero is said to have dispatched thousands of Christians in this manner, while in the Middle Ages, the main recipients of the punishment were not killers or rapists but coin forgers, particularly in Germany and the Holy Roman Empire. In Britain, meanwhile, King Henry VIII introduced the practice for executing those who used poison to commit murder.
Shockingly, the practice is believed to have been carried out as recently as 2002, when the government of Uzbekistan, led by Islam Karimov, was alleged to have tortured several suspected terrorists to death in this manner.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.700222
Retrieved Text: Harriet Andersson gives one of her greatest performances as the agonized sister Anna, tortured by illness to the brink of death. She is joined at her palatial manor home by her doctor and nurse, and by her two sisters (Ingrid Thulin and Liv Ullmann), whose deathwatch is punctuated by reflections on their disappointed lives, meaningless marriages, and family conflict. “Cries and Whispers (which won an Oscar for the extraordinary color photography of Sven Nykvist) is a powerful depiction of human behavior in the face of death, positioned on the borders between reality and nightmare, tranquility and terror.”—Peter Cowie. “A self-portrait (in composite) of the great beloved of my childhood.”—Ingmar Bergman.” Best Film, New York Film Critics; Academy Award nominations for Best Film, Director, Screenplay, and Costumes. In Swedish with English subtitles.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.63872
Retrieved Text: (PG-13; 125 minutes; Cohen Media): In this Oscar-winning Iranian film, a couple move into an apartment in Tehran, where the wife is assaulted by a neighbor. Her husband, who is in the middle of directing a production of “Death of a Salesman,” is determined to find the person who hurt his wife.
“The Salesman” won the Oscar for Best Foreign Film, but director Asghar Farhadi, who also directed the Oscar-winning movie “A Separation,” did not attend the ceremony in an objection to the Trump administration’s travel restrictions. The film was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award and was a winner at Cannes.
(PG; 120 minutes; Amblin): With its shamelessly sentimental plot, “A Dog’s Purpose” was never going to be a critical favorite, but audiences seemed to like it OK (despite a lot of bad publicity surrounding a leaked video of alleged abuse of a German shepherd on the movie set). The movie tells the story of how one devoted (and apparently often-reincarnated) dog finds meaning through the lives of all the humans he shared his time with. It stars Josh Gad, Britt Robertson and Dennis Quaid.
(R; 120 minutes; TWC-Dimension): An almost-unrecognizable Matthew McConaughey gives a solid performance in this clunker from director Stephen Gaghan. “Gold” is loosely based on the true story of the Bre-X mining scandal of 1993, when gold deposits were allegedly found in the jungles of Indonesia. McConaughey plays a businessman who teams up with a geologist (Edgar Ramirez) to find the gold. It also stars Bryce Dallas Howard, Corey Stoll and Stacy Keach.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.467068
Retrieved Text: Dennis Quaid and The Sharks have been performing in front of thousands of people receiving rave reviews. He is not just another actor turned rock star, he is a rock star. Dennis Quaid is the lead singer and rhythm guitarist. He performs many original plus classic hits such as "Spill the Wine", "Gloria", and many more. The band's origins can be traced to one night when Quaid went to see actor Harry Dean Stanton and his longtime band (appropriately named the Harry Dean Stanton Band) perform at an L.A. club. Quaid was invited to join the band onstage.
At first reluctant because of his decade long layoff from music, Quaid finally did perform with the band and was successful enough that James, also a member of Stanton's band, approached Quaid about starting a group of their own. James quickly began recruiting others for the band and it wasn't long before Dennis Quaid & the Sharks, which specializes in "rock 'n' roll and country-soul," was performing at L.A. clubs. The band even throws in a Jerry Lee Lewis song or two in the mix, such as "Great Balls of Fire," which Quaid has firsthand experience performing, having played "The Killer" in a 1989 biopic. Quaid said the shows are as much fun for those in attendance as they are for the band. "(The audiences) have a blast, which is all we want," he said. "I make a complete and utter fool of myself. I think that's the only way to have fun (onstage), instead of trying to pretend

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.407972
Retrieved Text: MUSLIM Institute organized a round table discussion on “Quaid's Vision on Kashmir Issue and Prevailing Situation” at National library, Islamabad. Eminent scholars and political leaders from Pakistan participated in the discussion and expressed their views on the subject. Convener Tehreek-e-Hurriyat Jammu & Kashmir, Pakistan Chapter, Ghulam Muhammad Safi, Former Ambassador & Renowned Columnist Asif Ezdi, Renowned Columnist, Ms. Ayesha Masood and Research Associate MUSLIM Institute Mr. Tahir Mehmood, and others spoke on the event.
Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah believed that without Kashmir, Pakistan is incomplete. He tried his best to liberate Kashmir from Indian illegal occupation. Quaid’s commitment with Kashmir and Kashmiri people was unfaltering. Quaid’s vision on Kashmir is unequivocal. Quaid knew very well the importance and significance of Kashmir for Pakistanis as well as for Kashmiris. He paid attention to the miserable conditions of Kashmiris even when there was no one to heed their hues and cries. Quaid vociferously condemned the Indian aggression on Kashmir. He wanted the peaceful settlement of the dispute but he was also determined to go to any extent to liberate Kashmir from Indian clutches, which is evident from his bold step to issue orders to the then Commander-in-Chief of Pakistan Army, General Douglas Gracey to dispatch troops to Jammu and Srinagar.
According to Dr. Riaz Ali Shah’s diary, Quaid-e-Azam said, during his illness in Ziarat, “Kashmir is the Jugular vein of Pakistan and no nation or country would tolerate its Jugular vein remains under the sword of the enemy”. Not only the Jugular vein of Pakistan but also that of Kashmiri

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.338491
Retrieved Text: A lot of people are probably happy to hear that the powers that be behind the Oscars have decided to scrap the traditional performances of the Best Song nominees from this year's telecast. I can't say I'm that sorry to see them go, either. I've got nothing against the nominated ditties from The Princess and the Frog, but let's face it: the Academy's ear inability to look past the Disney songbook for nominees is one of the main reasons Oscar viewers have been using these performances as bathroom breaks for years. Yet even in this age of bloated, way-past-my-bedtime Oscar shows, I can't help but feel a little disappointed the Academy decided to give up rather than fix the problems with the Best Song category. In fact, I can't help but worry that scrapping the performances from the broadcast might only make things worse.
It's true that we've had to suffer through far too many Disney spectaculars at the Oscars the past few decades. Other memorable musical missteps have included that zombies-emerging-from-flaming-car-wreckage number from Crash (not nearly as cool as it sounds) and the year that Beyonce sang everything. But there have been performances that were unforgettable in a good way, too. For instance, can anyone remember anything from the 2008 Oscars besides Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova's triumphant performance of "Falling Slowly"? And when acclaimed but little-known singer/songwriter Elliot Smith tragically passed away a few years back, the world had his performance of his nominated song "Miss Misery" from Good Will Hunting at the 1998 Oscars

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.336153
Retrieved Text: Husband and wife duo, Michael Trotter Jr and Tanya Trotter (Blout) perform a cross-section of blues, gospel,folk and soul on their debut recording Healing Tide. Based in Albion, Michigan they are both hugely talented vocalists and, lucky to have the legendary Buddy Miller produce their first bash at capturing the hard driven energy of their live performances as he brings in Brady Blade (drums), Jim Hoke (organ, sax, autoharp, harmonica), Matt Slocum (cello), Sam Bush (fiddle), Russ Pahl (pedal steel) Adam Chaffins (bass) plus Emmylou Harris (harmony vocals).
From the outset, the couple show off sibling styled harmony vocals. Yet at the same time retain their individual strength as lead vocalists. Michael’s rugged style is warmed by both the playing, and when called for the beauty of Tanya; that is when she isn’t letting rip. They are the kind of performers Miller can readily identify to. Honest, impassioned and fearless as they come down hard on the likes of title-track Healing Tide; plus, with a bunch of classic soul flavours in the mix the listener can’t help but think here is an act that is the real deal. Of a different style, acoustic mountain fashioned Here Where The Loving Is At is one of a number of songs that sound like they were written way before the couple set foot on this earth. With Bush’s fiddle and Harris’ (his onetime boss) heavenly harmonies nicely intertwined, the music echoes in the mind long after the last sound has wafted from the speakers. More of the same wouldn’t have

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.319704
Retrieved Text: A look at the best actor nominees for the 87th Academy Awards.
The character: Stephen Hawking, the theoretical physicist and cosmologist who wrote the best-selling A Brief History of Time.
Oscar record: This is his first Oscar nomination.
The critics said: "Redmayne towers: this is an astonishing, genuinely visceral performance which bears comparison with Daniel Day-Lewis in My Left Foot. His Hawking starts askew - the glasses, maybe the shoulders a touch - and over the course of two hours contorts and buckles into a figure at once instantly familiar and fresh. This is more than just skilful impersonation - it's inhabitation. To look on as his face and body distort is to feel, yourself, discomforted, even queasy." Catherine Shoard, The Guardian.
The character: Carell plays John du Pont, an oddball billionaire who sets up an Olympic wrestling team.
Oscar record: This is Carell's first nomination.
The critics said: "From the beginning, you can't take your eyes off Carell; as if by some secret alchemy, the actor makes you believe that his character is an entirely uncharismatic man while delivering a completely charismatic performance. The combination of his thin, reedy voice with frequent heavy silences and odd vocal pacing is thoroughly unnerving." Todd McCarthy, Hollywood Reporter.
The character: Cooper plays Chris Kyle, a Navy SEAL sharpshooter who recorded more confirmed kills during four tours of duty in Iraq than any marksman in US military history.
Oscar record: This is Cooper's third Oscar nomination in as many years, having been shortlisted for best actor for Silver Linings Playbook in 2013 and for the best supporting

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.211927
Retrieved Text: Nine years later, Simon removed the music and rewrote the screenplay for a television movie adaptation directed by Richard Benjamin. Jeff Daniels and Patricia Heaton take the lead roles.
Mr. Simon expanded the premise of the "Plaza Suite" and moved it across the country to show this four-piece comedy / drama in the Beverly Hills Hotel's 203-204 suites and the stories of New York, Philadelphia, London and Chicago visitors. The original Broadway production cast George Grizzard and Tammy Grimes in three roles each, Barbara Barrie and Jack Weston in two roles; Under the direction of Gene Saks (who inaugurated some of Simon's plays on Broadway) there were 445 performances. Clive Barnes enthused, "Because Mr. Simon makes us laugh so effortlessly, so professionally and so subtly, we tend to regard him as our friendly neighbor, wearing the smooth, mechanized, homogenized, and sanitized joke, he's more."
Herbert Ross staged the movie version of 1978, which did without the doubling and filled the story with an all-star cast, including Jane Fonda, Alan Alda, Walter Matthau, Richard Pryor, Michael Caine, Bill Cosby, and Mr. Simons "Heartbreak Kid" directors Elaine May and Maggie Smith – who won an Oscar for an Oscar-nominated actor. "Simon's comic gifts are shown to their best advantage," wrote Vincent Canby.
"California Suite" can be rented or purchased through Amazon Prime Video, iTunes, Vudu, Google Play and YouTube.
Mr. For this hit from 1980, Simon reunited with his" Heartbreak Kid "star Charles Grodin, who also" foul play "stars Chevy Chase and Goldie Hawn, as a divorced couple, when he was falsely

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.188889
Retrieved Text: One of the most satisfying marriages is the one between art and design and canine culture. A favourite recent discovery that beautifully merges these two worlds are Rosemary Goodenough’s glorious Wooferchiefs.
Oscar and I had the pleasure of serendipitously meeting Rosemary while dining at one of our favourite French bistros, The Bleeding Heart, just around the corner from PawPost HQ. Oscar was donning a flea market bandana that I picked up for him a couple years back in Woodstock, NY. Both Oscar and I love this grungy old rag, but Rosemary had other ideas for my darling pooch. That evening she introduced us to her fantastically luxurious silk dog scarves. Truly lavish and decadent, these Wooferchiefs are only for the most spoiled, stylish and art savvy pooches. Oscar loves showing off new threads, and it was clear these sumptuous scarves were winners the moment I tied the first one around his tiny neck. These Wooferchiefs are the Hermes scarves of the dog world. I fear Oscar’s flea market schmutter will be parked in the closet now that he’s met Rosemary.
PP: Can you enlighten us on how you go about designing your beautiful silk pieces?
RG: The creative process starts with my original oil paintings. I digitally change the colours, which is a very interesting process, as although the composition remains true to the original by changing the colours the whole ‘feel’ of the artwork is altered. The design process for the Wooferchiefs is exactly the same for all my other works. They are silk twill with black handrolled

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.145147
Retrieved Text: Now, please don’t misunderstand: I have nothing but respect for Quaid for his brutal honesty about his self-destructive behavior. And I appreciate his tenacity and discipline, two sterling attributes I wish he could share with someone very close to me who’s been battling similar demons for decades.
But I remain perplexed by the commentators who have expressed surprise and/or snarkiness while noting Quaid’s comments. While reading what some of these people have written, you’d almost think Quaid had never discussed this subject with anyone before, and was doing so now only as some sort of publicity ploy.
The truth is, Quaid has been entirely forthcoming about his recovery while talking to the press for more than a decade and a half. Hell, he’s even talked to me about it – on several occasions, in various interviews since 1993. And he’s had to know that I’ve been reporting what he’s said: The first of those interviews appeared in his hometown newspaper, The Houston Post.
Back when I was film critic for the Post, I covered a Los Angeles junket for Flesh and Bone – a 1993 drama for which Quaid should have received an Oscar nomination – and the Houston-born actor already was celebrating his third year of being drug-free.
On the other hand, he left no room for doubt that there would be no backsliding. Especially not after the birth of Jack Henry, his son – 18 months old at the time of our conversation – with his then-wife Meg Ryan.
“Let's put it this way,'' Quaid said. “I was living

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.048315
Retrieved Text: There have been countless stories, movies, and TV shows in Hollywood based on the triangle relationship of two guys and a girl, but nothing out there quite captures the dynamics of two Caucasian guys and an Asian American girl. In Jesse Eisenberg's (you may remember him as Mark Zuckerberg in the Oscar-winning film "The Social Network") debut off-Broadway play "Asuncion," Camille Mana, a Filipino-American actress from California, challenges the open-mindedness and self-perceptions of her two guy roommates—the other played by Justin Bartha from "The Hangover." The two men, both of whom are intellectuals and liberal-minded, are "awakened" from their preconceived notions about her when they learn about the depth of Asuncion's personality, her past, and her history.
This is Mana's off-Broadway debut as well, but she made quite an impression on Eisenberg, enough to cast her in his play without an audition or a meeting. Mana's first Hollywood role was in Dennis Quaid and Sarah Jessica Parker's film "Smart People" and was also recently cast in the highly-praised indie film Norman. But what sold Eisenberg on Mana was her compilation of clips from her TV and movie work. The LA-based actress studied Economics at the University of California Berkeley and moved to New York to work on the play. Growing up Mana always knew she wanted to become an actress, but like most Asian parents, they did not approve of her passions. However, Mana continued to pursue her passion for acting and drove herself to classes and auditions as early as 16.
Mana says that the play isn't

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.043987
Retrieved Text: The poster for “The Good Lie” features the film’s subjects, three Lost Boys of the Sudan, collectively assuming the same amount of space as Reese Witherspoon’s glistening face. This ratio, shockingly, does not apply to screen time. Despite needing the Oscar-winner’s clout to sell the film, Witherspoon and the rest of the American characters (including Corey Stoll from “House of Cards”) are firmly peripheral figures.
The only thing “The Good Lie” shares with “The Blind Side,” another tale of black triumph over a devastating history, is an executive producer. The film’s story, as crafted by screenwriter Margaret Nagle, casts the white American characters less as enablers of black progress and more as an impediment to it. Witherspoon’s Carrie, an employment counselor, and host Pamela (Sarah Baker) do not lack in good intentions; they are just not particularly well-equipped to meet the complex needs of the Sudanese refugees.
Director Phillipe Falardeau does not shy away from depicting what exactly the Lost Boys Mamere, Jeremiah, and Paul have fled. “The Good Lie” spends a good thirty minutes driving home the horrors of the Sudanese war, showing everything from the slaughter of a village to the grueling walk on which a pack of surviving children have to embark to find safety. Falaradeau never reduces their harrowing journey to saccharine tragedy, largely because the barbarism speaks for itself. The sight of a dead child and turgid bodies floating down a river requires no supplementary cue to inspire shock and sadness.
While they may not face imminent threats to their survival after their rescue,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.038795
Retrieved Text: Rowlands, an original talent whose devotion to her craft has earned her worldwide recognition as an independent film icon, received Academy Award nominations for her lead performances in A Woman under the Influence (1974) and Gloria (1980), both directed by her husband and frequent collaborator, John Cassavetes. She got her start on the New York stage and in live television in the 1950s and has appeared in 40 feature films to date, from The High Cost of Loving in 1958 to Six Dance Lessons in Six Weeks, which she starred in earlier this year. Her other notable films include Lonely Are the Brave, Faces, Minnie and Moskowitz, Opening Night, Another Woman, Unhook the Stars, Hope Floats, Playing by Heart, The Notebook and Broken English.
Reynolds, a Hollywood icon since she won hearts with her buoyant performance in Singin’ in the Rain, embarked on the role of a lifetime as a founding member of the Thalians, a charitable organization conceived and sustained by entertainers to promote awareness and treatment of mental health issues. She served as the group’s president almost continuously from 1957 to 2011, adding numerous terms as board chair and frequently presiding over its annual fundraising gala. Her tireless efforts have enabled the Thalians to contribute millions to the Mental Health Center at Cedars-Sinai and to UCLA’s Operation Mend, which helps military veterans recover from the physical and psychological wounds of war. Reynolds has appeared in more than 40 feature films, including The Tender Trap, A Catered Affair and Mother, and received a 1964 Oscar nomination

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.969587
Retrieved Text: Mind if I take a moment to gush over the unimpeachable film legend that is Jeff Bridges?
The presence and impact Bridges has had on the silver screen over the past half-century cannot be understated. By age 25, he had a host of brilliant pictures and performances - not to mention two Oscar nominations - under his belt with the likes of The Last Picture Show, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot and Fat City. Bridges has charmed our pants off in films like Against All Odds, The Fabulous Baker Boys and The Mirror Has Two Faces; moved us to tears in Starman and Fearless; stood out in ensemble pieces like Heaven's Gate and Seabiscuit; and greatly lifted otherwise lukewarm pictures such as Tucker: The Man and His Dreams and his Oscar-winning Crazy Heart.
What Bridges pulls off in David Mackenzie's Hell or High Water seems both effortless and just about impossible for anyone else to have topped. He's pitch-perfect as Marcus Hamilton, a Texas ranger on the brink of retirement who, alongside partner Alberto Parker (Gil Birmingham, a terrific straight man to Bridges' one-liner-machine), is on the trail of bank-robbing brothers Toby and Tanner Howard (Chris Pine and Ben Foster).
The Howard brothers are embarking on this series of heists throughout West Texas in order to save the family farm from foreclosure, following the death of their mother. While Toby also wants to utilize the funds to provide a better life for his estranged ex-wife and children, Tanner, fresh out of prison, is an all-around loose cannon, ready for action against

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.86747
Retrieved Text: In one of his most sublime performances, Peter Sellers stars as a simpleton who gains great influence when his pronouncements are mistaken for profundities in director Hal Ashby’s hilarious adaptation of the Jerzy Kosinski novel. As gardener Chance, he must leave the Washington, D.C., estate to which he’s tended his entire life after its owner dies. Wandering the streets, he’s struck by a limousine and taken under the wing of its passenger, Eve Rand (Shirley MacLaine), and her power-broker husband (Oscar winner Melvyn Douglas). Be sure to stay through the end credits!
In this charming Brothers Grimm musical fantasy, a woodcutter and his wife are magically granted their wish for a son – but the boy is the size of a thumb. Russ Tamblyn is at his acrobatic best in the title role, and there’s some top comedic talent lurking in supporting roles, with Peter Sellers and Terry-Thomas as a pair of thieves and Stan Freberg supplying the voice of an animated toy. Oscar winner for Best Special Effects.
Among the last of the great Ealing Studios comedies, and one of the few shot in color, this delightful film stars Alec Guinness as Professor Marcus, a musician who rents a room from a widow (Katie Johnson) to use as a rehearsal space. At least that’s what he tells her; Marcus and his “string quartet” (which includes Peter Sellers and his future PINK PANTHER nemesis, Herbert Lom) are actually criminals plotting a robbery. When the old lady finally realizes the truth, the gang decides to kill her - but

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.861149
Retrieved Text: Verona while still retaining its original dialogue.
What makes Shakespeare so influential to modern stories is his stories' abilities to remain timeless. Romeo and Juliet are quite possibly two of his most well-known characters, although usually people tend to forget about the tragedy part of it, considering it to be naught but a love story. Baz Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet takes the timeless play and brings it to a modern setting setting. Venice Beach in California stands in for Verona, characters carry Sword 9mm handguns (Mercutio carries a dagger, Lord Montague a Longsword machine gun), cars are prevalent, and the costumes/set design were both modernized. The Oscar nom was well deserved, but more on that in a bit.
What makes Baz's adaptation intriguing is that, among the all the lavish and modernized sets and costumes, the original dialogue by Shakespeare remains intact. This is good for people who love the beauty of Shakespeare's language (like me), but painful at times in this movie because the delivery by about half the cast is dreadful. The opening scene is painful to watch considering it is supposed to dramatically set up the conflict brewing between the warring Montagues and Capulets. Instead, it looks like a slapstick comedy with terrible line delivery by sub-par actors and nauseatingly bad cinematography. Leo DiCaprio and Claire Danes perform excellently in their roles as the title characters, plus Paul Sorvino and Pete Postlethwaite bring some much-needed gravitas to their roles by showing the younger actors how Shakespeare line delivery is done.
The reason this movie got the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.84109
Retrieved Text: Meet the director behind the year's most surprising box office hit.
Jon Erwin can’t stop laughing about his unorthodox path to Hollywood.
Erwin, along with his brother Andrew, began by joining ESPN as part of their camera crew. Only Jon Erwin had to lie about his age to snare the gig.
Suffice to say he wasn’t 18 at the time.
He doesn’t recommend that career kickoff, but he’s sure glad he enterted the business all the same. Erwin used his sports camera experience as a segue into filmmaking.
Four films later, and he’s snared 2018’s biggest box office surprise. His faith-based drama “I Can Only Imagine” earned $17 million on its opening weekend, eclipsing the big-budget “A Wrinkle in Time” in the process.
The film, directed by Jon and Andy Erwin, follows the true story behind MercyMe’s double platinum hit “I Can Only Imagine.” The song fused Bart Millard’s talent and heartbreak in ways that connected with millions. The film of the same title shares how Bart (played by J. Michael Finley) bonded with his father after a turbulent childhood.
His dad (Dennis Quaid) physically abused him growing up but became a changed man after finding Christianity. Their bond, a tortured, delicate affair, is the heart of the film.
Erwin discusses the film and the one moment that convinced him to marry his faith with filmmaking on the latest HiT ‘cast.
Please watch the trailer for “I Can Only Imagine” and give it a look at your local multiplex. You can follow Jon and Andy Erwin on Twitter @ErwinBros.
Curious about other films from the directorial

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.808022
Retrieved Text: Last week, the Y13 English Literature students enjoyed an evening at the cinema, viewing a broadcast of a live theatre performance of Oscar Wilde’s An Ideal Husband, one of their set texts for A Level. The play follows prominent politician Sir Robert Chiltern as his marriage is threatened when a dark secret from his past resurfaces. It starred Frances Barber as the villainous Mrs Cheveley and Freddie Fox as the hero/dandy Lord Goring (with his real-life father Edward Fox playing his father in the play). Both of these performances proved to be hits with the students, and their impressions of the play below make up a wide-ranging and perceptive review.

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: ferrara's best film in years . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.98396
Retrieved Text: The mid-nineties were a fertile period for the vampire movie. Big-name stars such as Tom Cruise and Eddie Murphy flocked to genre, as did high-caliber filmmakers like Francis Ford Coppola, veterans Wes Craven and John Landis, independents Michael Almereyda and Jeffrey Arsenault, and up-and-comers Quentin Tarantino and Guillermo del Toro. Amid the fangs and crucifixes, Abel Ferrara reunited with his King of New York star Christopher Walken for The Addiction, a distinctly personal take on creatures of the night. Philosophy student Kathleen (Lili Taylor, The Conjuring) is dragged into an alleyway on her way home from class by Casanova (Annabella Sciorra, The Hand That Rocks the Cradle) and bitten on the neck. She quickly falls ill but realises this isn't any ordinary disease when she develops an aversion to daylight and a thirst for human blood... Having made a big-budget foray into science fiction two years earlier with Body Snatchers, Ferrara's approach to the vampire movie is in a lower key. Shot on the streets of New York, like so many of his major works - including The Driller Killer, Ms. 45 and Bad Lieutenant¬ ¬- and beautifully filmed in black and white, The Addiction sees the filmmaker on his own terms and at his very best: raw, shocking, intense, intelligent, masterful.
An often arresting and at times disturbing film, one that has real power at its center courtesy of a beautifully modulated performance by Lili Taylor. Arrow has provided a release with top notch technical merits and some very enjoyable supplements. Highly recommended.
Arrow Video offers a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.328724
Retrieved Text: It takes a certain moxie to use Madonna in a film, cast her as a famous actress who casually sleeps with both her director and her leading man, devise a plot in which she is violently slapped around and manage to make her the most demure character in the story. (It takes even more moxie to do this for Maverick, Madonna's own production company, but that's another matter.) But by now Abel Ferrara is well known for having nerve to spare, and for stopping at nothing when it comes to putting his raw, corrosive visions on screen.
"Dangerous Game," his latest, is a "Bad Director" to Mr. Ferrara's previous "Bad Lieutenant," with Harvey Keitel again personifying the film maker's darkest, most mischievous thoughts about the human condition. Those who admired Mr. Keitel's warmly romantic performance in "The Piano" had better see "The Piano" again for more of the same, since the Mr. Keitel on display here is a far more sodden and primal being.
This time he plays Eddie Israel, a passionate film director and not-so-dedicated family man. "You been a good boy?" he asks his young son idly. "Why?"
Eddie is first seen in a domesticated state, complimenting his wife on her pasta and listening to classical music. This, by Mr. Ferrara's standards, amounts to a colossal joke. The real Eddie is obsessed with his lurid film about domestic violence, in which a husband hooked on drugs, booze and infidelity (James Russo) attacks his pious wife (Madonna), whom he considers a fraud. Eddie is seen directing from the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.945406
Retrieved Text: Drea de Matteo plays Tess Nazario on the NBC drama "Shades of Blue."
De Matteo is best known for her role as Adriana, Christopher's loyal and loving fiancée, on HBO's critically acclaimed series "The Sopranos." She won an Emmy and received a SAG and Golden Globe nomination for her memorable portrayal.
After her character's infamous death on "The Sopranos," de Matteo went on to star as Matt LeBlanc's sister Gina on NBC's "Joey." She was also a co-star on "Desperate Housewives" for one season. More recently, de Matteo was seen as Wendy Teller on the critically acclaimed drama "Sons of Anarchy."
Film credits include "Walker Payne," with Sam Shepard and Jason Patric; Zoe Cassavetes' "Broken English," with Parker Posey; "New York, I Love You," with Bradley Cooper; "Assault on Precinct 13," with Ethan Hawke and Laurence Fishburne; Abel Ferrara's "'R Xmas," with Ice T; and "Lake City," with Sissy Spacek. She just completed "Free Ride," with Anna Paquin.
Aside from being a full-time mom, de Matteo always goes back to HB Studio, where her mother, Donna de Matteo, has taught playwriting for 40 years. She and her mom are always developing and looking out for new writers and projects, as well as working on their own material for the stage. They are currently developing a family drama set in 1950s Harlem based on their family called "119 Pleasant Avenue" for a cable network.
De Matteo has a BFA in film production from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.487556
Retrieved Text: Courtesy of Nicole Rivelli. © June Project LLC. A Sundance Selects Release.
Welcome to New York opens with two prologues, unrelated but textbook-Brechtian: The first is an interview with the film's star, Gérard Depardieu, about acting and politics (he doesn't like either, for reasons that he doesn't really explain); the second is a montage of historical monuments and Washington landmarks, ending with shots of dollar bills emerging from a printing press while "America the Beautiful" plays. What is director Abel Ferrara trying to tell us? That his film is really about how money and political power go hand in hand? That we should keep a sense of distance from the film and not look for true story melodrama or psychological verisimilitude? It's not clear, and it may not even matter.
Ferrara is an anarchic chameleon of a filmmaker. He straddles genres and flaunts a Times Square/drive-in sensibility that improbably collides with his rough sense of streetwise politics. More respected on the international festival circuit than in the United States, he's made cop movies (The Bad Lieutenant), gangster movies (King of New York), science fiction, horror, a Cassavetes-style drama (the little-seen Go-Go Tales), a slasher film (Driller Killer, which has been called the original video nasty), and even a Biblical film. Most of them are as chaotic and raw as they are sincere. Ferrara leaves in the rough edges and loose ends that most directors would throw away.
Which may be why it has taken nearly a year for Welcome to New York to get its American release. After months

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.741344
Retrieved Text: DOYLESTOWN - All season long, Pete Ferrara has been there for his Central Bucks West wrestling teammates.
Ferrara, West's 135-pound senior tri-captain, has been a whirlwind of energy, excitement and enthusiasm on the Bucks' bench.
On a team brimming over with inexperienced wrestlers, Ferrara's leadership could not have been more passionate or involved. He could be seen offering advice, teaching moves, yelling encouragement; he gave high-fives when Bucks wrestlers won and, when things didn't go well, offered a sympathetic shoulder.
As West coach Corey McCaslin said, "This is (Pete's) team."
Wednesday night, though, it was the team, and the fans, and the community, that was there for Ferrara when he was in dire need.
Ferrara took the mat in Wednesday's a non-league meet with St. Pius X less than three days after learning of the death of his 19-year-old brother, Dominic, a 2003 CB West graduate who attended Johns Hopkins University.
It would have been more than understandable had he not competed. It could hardly have been expected for him to walk onto the mat.
But there he was, yelling and cheering and getting all excited when West's 125-pounder, Mike Nicolo, won his first varsity match on a rideout in double overtime, and complimenting his teammate afterwards: "I don't think we've had a two-overtime match all season, "Ferrara said. "Mike really stepped up."
Just like the usual Pete Ferrara.
Except it wasn't, really. It couldn't be.
"It was more difficult than I ever thought it would be to wrestle tonight, "Ferrara said. "I hadn't had butterflies in my stomach like that in years. They were the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.633762
Retrieved Text: GRANDVILLE, Mich.--March 10, 2003-- X-Rite announces the retirement of Chief Executive Officer Richard E. Cook, effective March 7, 2003. Mr. Cook became the President and Chief Operating Officer of X-Rite, Incorporated in June 1998, having previously served as a director of the Company. In January of 2000, Mr. Cook was named Chief Executive Officer. During Mr. Cook's tenure, the Company added to its traditional color measurement offerings with devices, systems and processes that measure light and shape. Chairman of the Board John E. Utley stated, "We thank Mr. Cook for his years of dedicated service to X-Rite, Incorporated, and wish him all the best for the future." He added, "Mr. Cook has provided leadership to the Company for nearly five years. The Board of Directors is confident in our future direction and in President Michael C. Ferrara. During Mr. Ferrara's tenure, he has gained the respect of the Board of Directors and the management and employees of the Company alike."

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.94456
Retrieved Text: Ferrara contributes to Forrester's offerings for the security and risk professional, leading the company's coverage of security metrics, security program effectiveness, security awareness and enterprise security information architecture. Ferrara's research builds on his work as a highly experienced in-program manager for the design and delivery of secure information technology solutions, including strategy, process, applications and infrastructure. He has consulted with Fortune 50 companies in the area of solution determination based on understanding the needs and the skills required to create a successful security posture for large complex organizations.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.662786
Retrieved Text: It looks like things are just about hugged out for Team "Entourage." After a two-week stretch of juicy tabloid headlines about greed and friendship, co-star Jerry Ferrara told Wendy Williams that the movie adaptation could happen as soon as right now.
"It's looking good. It's looking real good. It could be closed today," Ferrara, who played Turtle on the HBO series, said in an interview with Williams. "I could go look at my phone right now, and it's done. It's real close. We're hoping to shoot in January."
UPDATE: Oct. 28, 9:05 p.m. EST: Ferrara wasn't kidding. Via Twitter on Monday night, he wrote that the "Entourage" movie was happening.
Ferrara's words echo what co-star Kevin Connolly has been saying for a while. Speaking to TMZ on last Sunday, Connolly said the film was going to happen, and while nothing was official just yet, it looked likely to star production in January. Connolly had similar enthusiasm for the film back in April of this year. "Everything is such hard work, but that'll be like a vacation," Connolly said to HuffPost Entertainment about returning to "Entourage." "It can't happen fast enough for me."
As for the delay, speculation has run rampant that Ferrara and star Adrian Grenier were holding out for a better deal in lieu of what Jeremy Piven received for the film.
"Is that what the streets are saying? Do you believe the streets?" Ferrara asked Williams when she suggested that rumor to him during the interview. "Here's what I'll say about holdouts: Athletes hold out when they have a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.638308
Retrieved Text: Spicy cinnamon bears. Being a little firmer than typical gummi candy, you really get to enjoy the spicy hot cinnamon flavor. These are Ferrara's replacement of the Cinnamon Red Hot Dollar. Approx. 1.5 inches tall and 3.5 pieces per ounce. 12 oz. Made in the USA.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.421028
Retrieved Text: Gunmen sprayed bullets at guards and blew out the wall of a prison in the French suburbs Wednesday, freeing a reputed gangster suspected of murder and robbery.
The spectacular escape of Antonio Ferrara, 30, was the second high-profile jailbreak in France in less than a week.
Television footage showed flames lapping the walls around part of Fresnes Prison. Judicial officials said the gunmen had set nearby cars afire as a distraction while they carried out their elaborate escape plan.
"We are faced with a new type of escape that we haven't experienced until now which are military-type operations … with the use of weapons of war," Justice Minister Dominique Perben told Europe-1 radio.
Perben said the government would convene a special panel on Friday to discuss possible measures to guard against such escapes. A prison guard union called for the resignation of the national prison director, Didier Lallement.
According to police reports, six or seven gunmen arrived at the outside of the jail at about 4:30 a.m. Wednesday.
One group fired at guardposts with automatic weapons while another group set off explosives that blew open a metal gate around the prison and made holes in interior walls. The gunmen blasted their way into an inside courtyard where Ferrara's cell was located.
Judicial officials said it appeared Ferrara then blew out the bars of his cell.
Police found an explosive, a detonator and a portable telephone in Ferrara's ground-floor cell at the prison, about 10 miles southeast of Paris, the judicial officials said. The phone was likely used to contact the prisoner's accomplices, they added.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.171146
Retrieved Text: Perry v. FirstCity Financial Corporation et al.
NEW YORK, January 30, 2013 (BUSINESS WIRE) – Newman Ferrara LLP announced today that it filed a class action lawsuit in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (Case No. 8259) on behalf of shareholders of FirstCity Financial Corporation ("FirstCity") (Nasdaq: FCFC) concerning the proposed acquisition of FirstCity by investment firm Varde Partners Inc. ("Varde").
On December 21, 2012, FirstCity announced that it had entered into an agreement and plan of merger to be acquired by certain funds managed by Varde in a deal valued at approximately $244.9 million. Under the terms of the agreement, FirstCity's shareholders will receive $10.00 in cash per share of FirstCity stock owned.
Newman Ferrara's lawsuit alleges that FirstCity's Board of Directors breached its fiduciary duties to act in the best interests of FirstCity's shareholders and to take all necessary steps to ensure that FirstCity's shareholders receive the maximum value readily available for their shares of FirstCity common stock.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.898357
Retrieved Text: Ferrara's 85' mid mount platforms are designed and engineered for firefighter safety, as well as operations under extreme environments. Our standard 85' mid mount platform models meet all the requirements of NFPA.
With an operational range of –12 degrees to +72 degrees, the 85' platform maintains a horizontal reach of 81' at zero degrees elevation and reaches a full vertical height of 85' at 72 degrees.
This unit is not available with pump or water.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.866001
Retrieved Text: Adam Ferrara, the actor/comedian who Entertainment Weekly dubbed “Hilarious," is an internationally touring headliner, two-time nominee for best male stand-up by the American Comedy Awards, and has three Comedy Central Specials. Apart from opening for his comedy idol, George Carlin, Ferrara has also performed at Carnegie Hall, Radio City Music Hall, and The Apollo Theater.
Ferrara returns to stand-up with a tour celebrating the release of Unconditional, his NEW comedy album, which has already gained him "Comedian of the Month" on Sirius XM Radio and will be featured on Pandora.
Ferrara hosted the critically acclaimed BBC sensation Top Gear US and recently starred in the movie Little Italy, with Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen. He proudly played Chief Needles Nelson on the Emmy nominated FX drama Rescue Me with Denis Leary, and Frank Verelli on Showtime’s hit series Nurse Jackie opposite Emmy Award winner Edie Falco. Ferrara's credits also include CBS's The Good Fight, Criminal Minds, and The King of Queens, ABC's Deception and Ugly Betty, NBC's Law & Order, as well as a series regular on the critically acclaimed ABC show, The Job. He also co-starred alongside Kevin James in the hit movie Paul Blart: Mall Cop and Definitely, Maybe with Ryan Reynolds.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.750633
Retrieved Text: Congratulations for your re-designed blog and thanks for posting this paper-only review.
Yeah, I left Mary quite negative. But something about it still intrigues me. At the time, I hadn't seen anything else by Ferrara so it was an odd introduction. I watched The Bad Lieutenant, King of New York, and 'R Xmax before writing about Mary, and I think they all made me appreciate Ferrara's obsessions enough to revise my initial impression. His movies are abuzz even when they don't necessarily work (whatever that means).
Also Girish's Ferrara blog-a-thon and a chat I had with Carlos Reygadas (who mentioned Ferrara as a fave) further piqued my interest.
Mary is a mess, but I wouldn't mind to revisit it one day.
My favourite Abel Ferrara movie is still The Addiction.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.62787
Retrieved Text: Take on the role of Mike Owen, a spaceship mechanic, as he attempts to survive an unexpected intruder in deep space.
This is the first game I ever created, originally envisioned as the first episode of a 3 -part series, but as time passes, the likelihood of there ever being a sequel is getting quite slim. Still, it was fun to make and I hope you will enjoy playing it!
That was really neat, nice work!
Hey WHAM, I played this game back in the day and appreciated it a lot (I still have Ferrara's BGM in my iPod), is there a tiny tiny chance to see episode 2 someday?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.435902
Retrieved Text: Harvey Keitel (/kaɪˈtɛl/ ky-TEL; born May 13, 1939) is an American actor and producer. An Oscar and Golden Globe Award nominee, he has appeared in films such as Martin Scorsese's Mean Streets and Taxi Driver, Ridley Scott's The Duellists and Thelma & Louise, Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction, Jane Campion's The Piano, Abel Ferrara's Bad Lieutenant, Robert Rodriguez's From Dusk till Dawn, James Mangold's Cop Land, and National Treasure and its sequel, National Treasure: Book of Secrets. Along with actors Al Pacino and Ellen Burstyn, he is the current co-president of the Actors Studio.
Eleven days into their marriage, Alabama couple Gabe (Billy Miller) and Tina Watson (Amber Clayton) go scuba diving near Australia's Great Barrier Reef, where Tina drowns in what appears to be a freak accident. But her father Tommy (Harvey Keitel) begins to suspect that his daughter's death was by no means an accident, a belief shared by authorities in both America and Australia, including Detective Gary Campbell (Gary Sweet).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.237123
Retrieved Text: This is a live recording of Katie Ferrara's full band at the Hotel Cafe!
Is it safer to stand perfectly still?
The pain is familiar, what else could be out there?
Where did we lose the connection?
What if we could get rid of all in our lives that weighs down on us?
If I could let go of everything what would I really need?
What If all I needed was just love and you by my side?
Will I change my ways?
Leave behind the child in me?
Or will I stay the same and repeat all my mistakes?
How many lives will it take?
To stand with my head up and face my heartbreak?
Where is your husband your house and your kids?
Maybe I’m not living the life I’m supposed to live?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.208261
Retrieved Text: Now, why is Ferrara's "The Remnant's Man of the Year" article, which in a calm, respectful tone, outlines various criticisms of the current pope important? First, the Catholic Church was and hopefully the spiritual backbone of the West, with the Pope being its spiritual leader and whether non-Catholics like it or not, the most important religious leader in the world. Before Vatican II and even after, the Church had the role of the spiritual battle police of the Christian West, holding the line on the most important spiritual and societal issues of the day. As Ferrara writes, "The world understands, even if most Catholics have forgotten, that the Catholic Church is the last barrier against the terminal civilizational apostasy for which the powers that be have been laboring for almost three centuries". Second, the article serves as a warning for traditionalists, both Christian and Jewish, about the dangers inherent in the admiration of the mainstream media. Third, the words and deeds of the current pope are used by the anti-Catholic media to malign previous popes, including the Pope Emeritus. It must be pointed out, that for all of his criticism of Francis, Ferrara neither adopts sedevacantist arguments, nor accuses the Pope of heresy.
Let us consider some of the criticisms Ferrara makes.
the infamous declaration “Who am I to judge?” respecting “gay persons” in the Catholic priesthood, creating the impression of an unprecedented new “openness” to “gay people” in the Church, which he has since done nothing to counter but on the contrary has continued to cultivate, as

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.978094
Retrieved Text: A year ago I bought a mare who I found out was an ex-racehorse. She didn't do well, but I got to researching her pedigree. Her registered name is Ferrara's Medina, she is a 2002 gray by Ferrara and Creole Medina. I just wanted to know anything or everything about my horse, her parents, and her pedigree......I would love to see pics of her sire as well, but have been unable to find any. Can anyone help me? Or send me in the right direction? I have acquired a lot of information, so if you have a question just ask me and I may be able to give some sort of answer.
Have you google searched using the sires name? If he was ever advertised you might find a link to an old advertising photo.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.869389
Retrieved Text: LIMITED EDITION exact reproduction of the only official tour program ever produced for The Doors!
The band has reprinted their original 1968 Doors Concert Program for the first time, which is available exclusively in The Doors webstore. This was the only official tour program ever created by the band.
The program was originally produced in 1968 for The Doors upcoming U.S. tour, but sold only at a few select shows, and via mail order. Designed by Paul Ferrara, this 24-page program includes many color and black & white images taken by Ferrara, plus poetry by Jim Morrison, astrology charts for each band member, and more.
*** Please recognize that these tour programs have been handled by The Doors and Paul Ferrara in order to autograph them, and may not be in mint condition.
NOTE: There is a standard version of this product, without Paul Ferrara's signature, available here.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.673197
Retrieved Text: The Forest Country Job Fair, is happening Wednesday, May 1st from 9am-12pm at the Angelia College Auxiliary Gym. It's hosted by Angelina College, The Lufkin/Angelina Chamber, and Work Force Solutions. Bring a few copies of your resumes, because you'll be sure to meet a ton of people, any one of which could be your future employer.
If you are looking to start your career, or start a new one, this is a great way to make connections. Full and Part-time positions will be available, and if you are a local employer, thy still have booth space available now. We are still a couple of months away from this one, so you should have plenty of time getting together that resume'.There will be hiring managers on site so get ready to impress.
Townsquare Media, Lufkin Economic Development Corporations, Etech and Spherion Staffing Services, Ferrara's Heating & Air, and many more.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.392546
Retrieved Text: "Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not after you"
I have a love for 50's sci-fi. Without snazzy CGI to rely on, the directors, producers and writers had to rely on those little things called imagination and strong writing. Fancy that eh? This resulted in some classics of the sci-fi genre being born in the 1950's. Granted there were stinkers (Teenagers from Outer Space etc) but compare that to the classics such as 'This Island Earth', 'War of the Worlds' and this, the original Bodysnatchers film. A little hokey in retrospect,it nevertheless stands up as a creepy, minor classic. So good in fact, they re-made it twice.
This is how the invasion started, in small town America. Doctor Miles Bennell (Kevin McCarthy) returns to his hometown of Santa Mera to find he's got a waiting list a mile long. There's a strange affliction sweeping the town where everyday people are claiming that their closest friends and relatives simply aren't themselves anymore. Hooking up with old sweetheart Becky Driscoll (Dana Wynter) Bennell soon finds that Santa Mera is actually being invaded by communists, sorry, I mean aliens. Aliens. Not communists. Nope, definitely no commies here.
Taking the three bodysnatcher films together it's still the 70's Kaufman version that's the best. Siegel's original however is comfortably in second place, being a lot classier and creepier than Ferrara's 90's update. Without a huge budget of any sort to work with Siegel works wonders with a material that could have easily been over the top or ludicrous. He keeps the hints of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.07013
Retrieved Text: GRANDVILLE, Mich.--July 24, 2003-- X-Rite, Incorporated announced the appointment of Michael C. Ferrara to its Board of Directors and to the position of Chief Executive Officer. In addition to his new responsibilities, Ferrara will continue to serve as the Company's President. The Company stated that the appointment of Ferrara is an acknowledgement of his leadership and ability to improve the Company's performance and enrich its culture. The Company recently reported second quarter financial results with a 15.6 percent increase in net sales, and an increase in operating income of 60.1 percent over the same prior period. "On behalf of the Board, I am delighted that Mr. Ferrara has joined the Board of Directors and will serve as X-Rite's Chief Executive Officer," said John E. Utley, Chairman of the Board. "Earlier this year we expanded Mr. Ferrara's responsibilities. It was evident that his leadership and understanding of customer focus added great value to our decision making process. He has played a critical role in guiding the Company, and we have every confidence that he will continue to significantly improve our business for many years to come." Commenting on his appointment, Ferrara said, "I look forward to my expanded responsibilities, and I am honored that the Board has confidence in my abilities. This Company is strong, and focused on executing and delivering results for our customers -- a win-win situation for all our stakeholders. I am fortunate to work with an enthusiastic and innovative leadership team, as well as dedicated employees around the world - all contributing to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.952746
Retrieved Text: #OppositionWatch: discovering tomorrow afternoon's adversaries.
SPAL currently occupies 16th position in the Serie A standings, with four points more than Empoli, who sit in the final drop zone spot of third last, this is thanks to the five more points achieved by the Ferrarese in 2019 compared to last year.
SPAL has won their last two Serie A home games: in a single league, in Serie A, the last time they did better was in 1968.
Two statistics: only Empoli and Fiorentina (both 21) have lost more points than the SPAL from being in an advantage situation during a Serie A match (18). Furthermore, Ferrara's team is the one with the fewest goalscorers in the league (eight).
A three-man defence, a five men in the midfield and a two-man attack: this is the pattern most used by Semplici’s SPAL, as happened, for example, in their last few league games.
Sergio Floccari's first two goals in Serie A came against Juventus in February 2006- out of the strikers in this season with at least 10 appearances, only Sergio Pellissier is older than him.
Manuel Lazzari has made 161 crosses in action, at least 20 more than any other player in this league.
Alberto Paloschi has already scored against Juventus, in the 4-1 defeat over SPAL in October 2017.
Jasmin Kurtic has faced Juventus 12 times, without ever winning: four draws and eight defeats for the Slovenian. Juventus is the Serie A team he has played the most games against without ever tasting victory.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.636694
Retrieved Text: The only way to truly come close to Herzog is to follow his self-mythologizing as a lonely combatant, fighting, to the point of total exhaustion, for his films and his convictions. In 1974, when film historian Lotte Eisner, one of Herzog's idols, was ill and near death in Paris, the director walked from Munich to the French capital in the middle of the winter.
"It was clear to me that if I did it, Eisner wouldn't die," he says. "It wasn't superstition, however, but something the Catholic Church calls assurance of salvation -- an expression one should treat with great caution. I wasn't surprised that Lotte Eisner had already been released from the hospital when I arrived in Paris."
In 1984, when former German Chancellor Willy Brandt seemed to be distancing himself from the goal of reunification, Herzog walked around Germany, "always carefully following the border, because it was clear now that only poets could provide unity." He walked from southern Bavaria to the Danish border, but then he fell ill and had to abandon the undertaking. Nevertheless, it had been enough: The Berlin Wall came down five years later.
Herzog has a penchant for walking himself into ecstasy. He is not interested in excessive drinking or drug abuse. For him, intoxication is something that takes hard work, even suffering. After "a few kilometers on foot I know that I have taken leave of my senses," Herzog writes in his book "Of Walking in Ice," an account of his trek from Munich to Paris. "That knowledge comes from the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.626584
Retrieved Text: Jane's Great Dane is very pleased to present our (mostly) finished mp3 recorded early August, 2018 at Panoramic Studies overlooking Stinson Beach north of San Francisco. This is Steve Ferrara's tune The Wild, The Beautiful and The Damned. Engineered by Jeremy.
Also on the music player below is Jane's Great Dane's second tune from this summer's stay at Panoramic Studios, Here is Jon Plaut's Your Wild Life. Thanks to Mark Rahilly for the additional mixing in Boston.
Having a blast with our friend Dan Bern in Los Angeles at The Bootstrap Theatre. August, 2018.
Jane's Great Dane presents a live CD recorded at The Bitter End in NYC in September, 2018. 10 Tracks of goodness, including 6 originals.
Jane's Great Dane is very pleased to announce a second recording released this week --- it's Jon's Reason to Leave and it is quite tasty. Engineered by Steve Ferrara, and featuring Jon doing lead vocal honors, the track enjoys additional keys, strings and vocals from Steve, Mark and I, and horns from Jeff Cox and Jeff Garmel.
Jane's Great Dane has finally finished its first studio recording! It is a Monterisi composition titled Ramon, and you can hear it on my "Listen and Watch" page.
The personnel are: Maria J. Hauser (lead vox), Jeff Cox (trumpet) ,Jeff Garmel (sax), Seth Pappas (drums and percussion), Steve Ferrara (guitar + vox), Carl Hauser (bass + vox), Jon Plaut (vox), and John Monterisi (guitar + vox).
Ramon was recorded at Rear Window in Brookline, MA.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.095658
Retrieved Text: At a glance, I would faster believe Union was Ferrara's babysitter or nanny, not her man. But ironically, when these guys discover what their girlfriends deal with them so long is only the words of the book, they become angry and seek to retaliate the female group. Taraji Henson's relationship with Michael Ealy was also hard to stomach, as I had trouble believing a woman with her success in business wouldn't question Ealy's facade. I know they did it in The Brothers 2001 and it was b. But can anyone seriously say they got to know any of the characters? In fact, she could've passed for his mother as well.
You can't call a film a comedy where only one character was remotely, or should I say barely humorous. Outside of Kevin Hart, there wasn't a single thing funny about this film. No inner conflicts, not even conflict on the extra-personal level. . There were maybe three spots that were funny. I found more humor in dramas like American Beauty, City Lights, and The Graduate. I was waiting for the fire hydrant's storyline eventually.
Nothing happened until the guy-meets-girl moments, and that took a while to get to. Johnson Himself Gina Duke Vicki Gail Alex Sonia Kristen Bennett Zeke Loretta Michael Lauren Cedric Candace Mya Jeremy Dominic Brenda Coffee Shop Singer Aunt Winnie's Friend Man in Bathroom Bookstore Patron Himself Himself Himself Himself Himself Herself Soccer Mom Sally James Frat Friend Single Mom Bar Patron uncredited Bar Patron uncredited. Okay, maybe once or twice I laughed but one

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.9273405
Retrieved Text: KATHMANDU, Nov 22: Film Critics Society of Nepal (FISCON) has distributed Critics award on Wednesday. The organization has distributed the awards for the year 2014, 2015 and 2016 together.
The FISCON has cited the technical reason for the suspension of the awards for three years. Best artists and technicians from seven categories including Best Film, Director, Actors and Technicians were awarded from the films that were released during these three years.
The critics have decided the best film and artists. Among the movies released in the year 2016, Kalo Pothi has been selected as the best film of the year whereas best director to Deepak Rauniyar (Seto Surya), best script to Meen Bham and Avinash Bikram Shah (Kalo Pothi), best editor to David Walker (Seto Surya), best cinematographer to Aziz Jambakin (Kalo Pothi) best actor to Bipin Karki (Jatra) and Mao Tse Gurung (Purano Dunga) and best actress to Keki Adhikari (Love Sasa) have been awarded. Veteran actress Bhuwan Chand felicitated the winners.
Likewise, among movies released in 2015, best film Pashupati Prasad, best director Deependra K Khanal (Pashupati Prasad), best script Khagendra Lamichhane (Pashupati Prasad), best cinematographer Shailendra D Karki (Kabaddi Kabaddi), best actor Saugat Mall (Fanko) and best actress Rishma Gurung (Kabaddi Kabaddi) were felicitated by the award. Uttam KC from Film Development Board gave away the awards to the winner.
However, for the year 2014, best film Kabaddi, best director Nischal Basnet (Talakjung vs Tulke), best script Ram Babu Gurung and Upendra Subba (Kabaddi), best actor Dayahang Rai (Kabaddi), best actress Priyanka Karki (Suntali), best cinematographer Andra

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.859558
Retrieved Text: Saw Archives - // Spooool.ie - Your trusted Irish source for film news, reviews and features.
Pod #66 – Adam Sandler’s best film in 15 years!
Comments Off on Pod #66 – Adam Sandler’s best film in 15 years!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.781346
Retrieved Text: The 16th Moët British Independent Film Awards are here! It‘s been 15 years already that it has been celebrating the highly characteristic, unique and independent cinema. The industry has changed a lot, but the British Independent Film remained the main focus of the ceremony.
Synopsis: A young family from the province moves to the big city in search of a better life. Soon they get tangled in the mean and manipulative schemes of the cold-hearted locals.
Metro Manila won the Audience award for best World Dramatic Competition film at Sundance 2013 and it is the official submission of the UK to the Academy Awards 2014 Best Foreign Language Film category.
Synopsis: A story of an Irish woman trying to find her son years after she was forced to abandon him in order to live in a covenant.
Philomena was screened in the main competition section at the 70th Venice International Film Festivalwhere Steve Coogan and Jeff Pope won the award for Best Screenplay and it was awarded the People’s Choice Award Runner-Up prize at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
Synopsis: Inspired by Oscar Wilde’s story, the film centres around two mischievous teenagers who were excluded by the society and started working for a dodgy scrap dealer – Kitten.
The Selfish Giant won the Europa Cinemas award at the 2013 Cannes Film Festivaland was also nominated for the 2013 Lux Prize.
Synopsis: Disturbed and vicious teenager get transferred to an adult prison only to get confronted with his own father.
Starred Up was nominated for the Best Film at the 57th BFI London Film

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.50589
Retrieved Text: The laughs are nonstop as a gang of ambitious young comics strives to make it in the exciting world of stand-up comedy at the famous comedy club in L.A., The Funny Farm. These budding comedy stars are as crazy offstage as they are on: Miguel, “America’s funniest illegal alien”; Miles, who can’t decide if he’s a black comic or a comic who happens to be black; Bruce, whose manic act borders on insanity; and Peter, the intense political satirist. The Funny Farm is a hilarious and insightful look into those who live the lives of comedians. Starring comedy superstar Howie Mandel (Walk Like a Man, Deal or No Deal, America’s Got Talent), game show legend Jack Carter (The Hollywood Squares, Match Game) and the great Eileen Brennan (Private Benjamin).

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.279285
Retrieved Text: Every now and then a new comic book series comes along that totally knocks everything else out of the park for me on new comic book day. Plutona #1 is one such book, a brand new Image Comics super-hero series by Jeff Lemire and Emi Lenox, that tells the story of five everyday suburban kids who happen to stumble across the body of Plutona, one of the worlds superheroes, after they go exploring in the woods after school.
Most new series often go out of their way to be extra fantastic, over-the-top- or damn right gritty to grab our attention with its debut issue, however, what makes Plutona #1 stand out from the crowd is the way writers Jeff Lemire and co-writer / artist Emi Leox have gone out their way to ground everything in the reality of normal life and teen angst by simply keeping it real, transforming it into an art form, and melding it with heartfelt wonder.
Lemire and Lenox pitch the pace and tone of the issue perfectly, and Lemire’s knack for making every character seem so believable and real just spills from the page as every line of dialogue bring the characters to life. There’s a great mix of characters here as well, Ted is the cape-spotter / blogger, while Ray is a bit of a tear away, then we have Diane and her new puppy Loki, her friend Mie is really smart, popular, and tough, and Mie’s little brother, Mike, is monosyllabic and always playing videogames. All the familiar aspects of teen

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.562767
Retrieved Text: Most people think you have to be nuts to do stand-up comedy. However, Vancouver-based counsellor and stand-up comic David Granirer and author of The Happy Neurotic: How Fear and Angst Can Lead To Happiness and Success offers it as a form of therapy.
Granirer, whose work was featured in the CBC VOICE Award winning documentary Cracking Up is the founder of Stand Up For Mental Health, a project where people with mental illness turn their problems into comedy, then perform their acts at a showcase.
Doing comedy about their illness builds participants self-esteem and helps reduce public stigma around mental illness, says Granirer, who himself suffers from depression. Laughing in the face of pain makes people go from despair to hope, and hope is crucial to anyone struggling with a mental illness.
Granirer got the idea for Stand Up For Mental Health from watching students in his Langara College Stand-Up Comedy Clinic course in Vancouver. Ive had students overcome long standing depressions and phobias, not to mention increasing their confidence and self-esteem. Theres something incredibly healing about telling a roomful of people exactly who you are and having them laugh and cheer.
Stand Up For Mental Health is now offered across Canada and in the US.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.415115
Retrieved Text: Across 22 DVDs and 50+ Hours, the Electrifying Comic Lights Up the Room in This Ultimate, One-of-a-Kind Compendium Spanning 40 Years on TV, Including All Five HBO Stand-Up Specials Together for the Very First Time, Never-Before-Released Performances and Backstage Footage, Talk Show and Late Night Appearances, Rare Archival Clips, Brand New Interviews Featuring Billy Crystal, Steve Martin, Jay Leno, Martin Short, Pam Dawber, Lewis Black, and Zak Williams, a Collectible Memory Book Featuring Archival Photos, Robin’s Tour Notes, and More!
FAIRFAX, VA (September 25, 2018) – Robin Williams was a generational talent, graced with comedic brilliance, rapid-fire improvisation, and a deep well of warmth and compassion that translated to every role he inhabited. From his breakout role in ABC’s Mork & Mindy to his Academy Award®-winning performance in Good Will Hunting, the iconic actor displayed an inimitable artistry that made him beloved by millions. This September, join Time Life, in conjunction with the Trustees of the Robin Williams Trust, in celebrating the incomparable career of the singularly innovative actor with ROBIN WILLIAMS: COMIC GENIUS.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.341906
Retrieved Text: * Discover the ins and outs of profitable restaurant management as imparted by a master entrepreneur * Delight in "bone head" mistakes Anderson made early in his career like the case of the "melted chocolate" or "bitter pills for bulls."
* Get a backstage look at celebrity friendships and news-making events.
Won't you too join in the adventures of this "Corporate Cowboy's" successes and failures which are by turns sobering, insightful, laugh-out-loud funny and full of folksy wisdom.
Review of REMAKE coming up on Friday. My daughter and I thought this was a great read! On tour now with giveaway. Win one of 5 copies. Enter by clicking here.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.174314
Retrieved Text: Paul Provenza, comic and host of Showtime's The Green Room, joins Jesse and Jordan to talk about Magic Johnson, first dates and things that happen in Vegas.
Paul Provenza is a veteran stand up comic and actor, but he's also ventured into documenting the world of comedy at large. He's collected interviews with comedians in his book Satiristas: Comedians, Contrarians, Raconteurs & Vulgarians and explored the variations of a very dirty joke while directing the film The Aristocrats.
He currently hosts Showtime's The Green Room with Paul Provenza, which seeks to re-create the feeling of being behind the scenes with some of the most celebrated comedians of our time, including Marc Maron, Garry Shandling, Margaret Cho, and Judd Apatow. The show has just entered its second season; you can see it Thursday nights at 11pm.
JESSE THORN:	It's The Sound of Young America, I'm Jesse Thorn. My guest on the show is the veteran stand up comedian Paul Provenza. He's been doing comedy for some 20-odd years, and he also has a second career as a sort of chronicler and celebrator of comedy. He co-wrote a book called Satiristas, he co-directed the film The Aristocrats, in which comedians from many generations came together to tell one grotesquely horrifically vulgar joke, and now he's the host of a show on Showtime called The Green Room. It's an effort to recreate, not the comedy stage, but the comedy backstage; the environment that exists in the community of comedians.
Paul, welcome to The Sound of Young America.
PAUL PROVENZA:	Thank you for having me.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.131767
Retrieved Text: In 2014 Invest NI led a delegation to Libya while that country refused to compensate victims for the harm caused by their supply of Semtex to PIRA.
Of course, it was a delegation approved by the DUP and particularly by Arlene Foster, who should know , more than most , what Gadafy did here.
It raises the question ,posed most remarkably by Jamie Bryson, does this state exist for the aggrandisement of the few at the expense of the many?
What does the DUP really stand for? Corruption, fracking, land grabbing , planning scams, sexual misdemeanours, anti-gay angst, queer sects and more?
Noel Johnston, of Invest NI said “Libya is becoming an important place for our companies.” How interesting for those whose family members are dead, maimed or crippled at their hands.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.63134
Retrieved Text: After working on his Southern accent in Oklahoma for most of his youth, Comedian-Actor Brandon Vestal discovered stand up comedy as his calling and took his talents on the road, quickly establishing himself as one of the best comic talents in the country. Ultimately landing in Los Angeles, he says he loves the sun and the beaches, but not the congestion. “It's not even being in traffic in LA that ticks me off,” he pines. “It's the guy on the radio that tells you about the traffic you're sitting in”.
Vestal has made is mark in the world of Comedy Competitions and Festivals, duking it out on the competitive comedy scene. He was the winner of the Hollywood Comedy Festival, crowned “Best of the West” at the Detroit Comedy Festival, a finalist at the World Series of Comedy in Las Vegas, and featured at the Asheville Comedy Festival two years running. And after his years in the trenches, this insightful storyteller's work has really begun to pay off. Brandon has appeared on NBC's Last Comic Standing, Man Up Stand Up, and Comedy Time TV. He can also be heard on XM/ Sirius's “Blue Collar” and “Raw Dog” channels as well as The Bob & Tom Show. And soon to come is his new CD on the prestigious Uproar Entertainment label.
Brandon Vestal's low key, deeply personal and honest style has made him a fast favorite in the comedy world, a “Don't Miss” for college audiences, and a club favorite. He puts on an amazing show and is a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.271902
Retrieved Text: In his feature film directorial debut, comedian Bo Burnham deftly encapsulates the awkwardness, angst, self-loathing and reinvention that a teenage girl goes through on the cusp of high school. Given that the 27-year-old stand-up comic achieved fame as a teenager himself through YouTube by riffing on his insecurities, he is uniquely capable as the film’s writer and director to tell the story of Kayla, an anxious girl navigating the final days of her eighth grade year. Like Burnham did more than a decade ago, 13-year-old Kayla turns to YouTube to express herself, where she makes advice blogs in which she pretends to have it all together. In reality, Kayla is sullen and silent around her single father and her peers at school, carrying out most of her interactions with her classmates on Instagram and Twitter. Her videos are a clever narrative tool that provide insight into her inner hopes and dreams, much like an inspirational online diary. One of Eighth Grade’s biggest triumphs is in its realism.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.201204
Retrieved Text: Bob Batchelor is the author of Stan Lee: The Man Behind Marvel, a finalist for the 2018 Ohioana Book Award for Nonfiction. His next book is Bourbon King: The Epic Rise and Fall of George Remus, America’s Bootleg Baron, and the Roaring Days of the Jazz Age (Diversion Books). Bourbon King is the rollicking tale of Cincinnati criminal genius George Remus, the bootleg king who turned Prohibition on its ear and served as an inspiration for F. Scott Fitzgerald as he wrote The Great Gatsby. Bourbon King will be published in October 2019 for the 100th anniversary of Prohibition and the Volstead Act. A noted cultural historian, Bob’s 29 books written or edited include: John Updike: A Critical Biography, Gatsby: The Cultural History of the Great American Novel, Bob Dylan: A Concise Biography, and Mad Men: A Cultural History. He teaches in the Media, Journalism & Film department at Miami University.
Considered the J.D. Rockefeller of bourbon, George Remus created a national bootlegging network from his Cincinnati headquarters, raking in some $200 million dollars (about $2.5 billion today). Later, Remus stood at the center of the Jazz Age’s “trial of the century” after he murdered his wife Imogene in cold-blood after a car chase that ended at Cincinnati’s Eden Park. This is a spectacular story of bourbon, betrayal, murder, and the 13-year folly of Prohibition in America!
This talk focuses on the brief life and death of Prohibition in America and the far-reaching consequences for the nation then and now. Featuring an array of famous and infamous Ohioans

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.948883
Retrieved Text: Brighton, catch a Preview of Daniel Muggleton's 2018 show... Mouth Breather! He released his debut album 'Let Me Finish' in 2017 with US label Comedy Dynamics, recorded live at The Comedy Store, Sydney. He's been invited to perform at the Sydney Comedy Festival Break Out Showcase and was selected as a Fresh Artist in 2014 and 2015. Having just moved to the UK, his blunt takes and honest storytelling are a breath of fresh air for audiences around the world.
Political comedian/ball of anxiety Alex Kealy honks on about love (passionate) and politics (jaded) for show number three.
'Hilariously funny' ★★★★ (TheatreWeekly.com). 'Ferociously quick-witted' ★★★★(EdFringeReview.com). 'Fresh, insightful and original... great hour of cerebral stand-up' ★★★★(FringeGuru.com). Best Jokes of Edinburgh 2016 and 2017 (Evening Standard, i News, Scotsman, Huffington Post). 'Very high on laughs. The gag-per-minute ratio for this show is impressive... clever and imaginative' (List). 'Fascinating hour... marvellous stand-up' (Skinny). 'Smart and fresh satirical comedy' (ThreeWeeks). 'Clever and original... Kealy’s style worked a treat' (BroadwayBaby.com). 'Enjoyable stage presence with shrewd comic chops' (Fest).

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.769815
Retrieved Text: Noises Off is a comedy about a farce, called Nothing On, which is in the final stages of rehearsal by a touring theatre company. The dynamics and relationships between the cast members, the director and the production crew ensure that backstage events increasingly come to resemble the scripted action of Nothing On.
The Act One dress rehearsal demonstrates the tenuous fragility of the ordered precision on which farce depends. Lines are forgotten, entrances missed, doors will not close and open at crucial moments and the incompetence of the actors becomes hilarious.
In Act Two, when the perspective is reversed, showing the set from behind, the humour comes from mistaken motives and a series of emotional crises that afflict the actors in the wings.
The Final act is a swift and terrible demise of the play into an extremely funny mess. Noises Off outdoes Nothing On in every way.
Private or Corporate, year-end entertainment or product launch, book Alan as MC, stand-up comic or as one of his many entertaining characters at your function or event.
Got a question about bookings current shows, etc.?
Would you like to receive Alan's newsletter?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.739815
Retrieved Text: "Bender Breaks Out" is the twentieth comic issue, which was released 8 June, 2005 in the US.
The crew are on their way to a delivery. Leela violently awakens Bender who was asleep for the last eight million light years. Fry leaves the package under the doormat because no one is home, Bender throws his beer bottle behind him which breaks over the package. The crew return home, with Bender complaining the whole way.
Bender continues to feel unappreciated. Zoidberg has the sniffles. The staff decide to ignore his complaining. Bender complains about them commenting on his IQ. Zoidberg uses Bender's body as a trash can for a used tissue, this causes Bender to become very angry and he goes on a bending spree through the building. Somehow, Bender has torn a hole in the comic, he goes through. Bender is now on a blank page of the comic. Fry, Leela, Amy and Hermes return to the hangar to check the damage and see the hole. Fry wants to go in after Bender but Leela stops him. Bender has curtained off the hole on his end and is sleeping. This is supposedly the end of the story.
At Bongo Comics, Bill Morrison (editor and creative director of Bongo Comics) introduces a new section of the comic called "Backstage at Bongo". He begins a tour of Bongo's offices and introduces some of the staff. Tom King mentions some of the art of Bender for this issue, this prompts Bender to fold down the corner of the page and enter Bongo

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.451454
Retrieved Text: Listed below, you are able to obtain insightful details related to this ensemble or piece jointly with expenses and various other possibilities for the Anime Costumes AF-S2-652149 Human Hair Women’s Wigs Bob Cut Short Wigs Layered Capless Hair Wigs With Side Swept Bangs.
Each and every year or so the Anime and Comic marketplace expands leaps and bounds. It might seem virtually every city is getting into the Comic Con appeal as it has made a hugely popular community appeal and a young money source to those towns holding the activities. While several of the honestly stand out costumes are custom-made and many people commit a lot of time making it without a doubt unique, not everyone possesses that time or creative expertise to design a masterpiece. Thus, the need to check online to choose that special costume that you are not able to acquire at your community costume store.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.3803
Retrieved Text: “My alien friends and I are gonna be lurking backstage at the #Legacies panel.  #WBSDCC”, wrote the “Roswell, New Mexico” showrunner on July 18th on Twitter. Three days later, Carina Adly MacKenzie, Jeanine Mason and Nathan Parsons crashed the panel of The CW’s new show “Legacies” at Comic-Con in San Diego and presented the trailer of their mid-season show to the attendees of the “Vampire Diaries” spin-off. “They triiiied to keep us out of comic con but aliens always find a way to crash the party.” posted MacKenzie later on Twitter.
Wow! @cadlymack just crashed the #Legacies panel with a gorgeous preview of #Roswell!
AMAZING! Dang, I love #SDCC.
Later that day, Aisha Tyler hosted a conversation with show runner Carina Adly MacKenzie and the actors Jeanine Mason and Nathan Dean Parsons at Stone Brewery. 75 lucky fans won tickets for the unofficial panel in San Diego. They got a first look at the teaser trailer, as well.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.218876
Retrieved Text: At Uptown Players, opening night angst breeds snarling insults, fawning flattery and numbing name-dropping in It’s Only a Play, Terrence McNally’s backstage comedy.
Dallas — What happens backstage doesn’t stay backstage in It’s Only a Play, Terrence McNally’s grumpy funny valentine to Broadway theater, written in 1986 and refurbished as a hit vehicle in 2014 for Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick. Uptown Players’ stylish production features a top-notch comic cast under Cheryl Denson’s astute direction, giving this play about a play that inspires still another play the polished sheen of Broadway glamour.
In the navel-gazing tradition of poems about poetry, painting about painting, etc., we get a way-long look at the cogs in the merry machine that is a Broadway show as they all await the first reviews. All huddle in the producer’s swank Manhattan apartment, filled with gleaming modern art and mauve and vanilla furnishings in a rich set designed Kevin Brown and Josh Hensley.
The show abounds with viciously funny one-liners as it shines a pitiless light on the nerves of those who perform live for fame and fortune. There are even glimmers here and there of a love for the great dramatic tradition of American theater.
Slender, elegant Chamblee Ferguson is the promising playwright Peter Austin, who’s delivered the goods in recent productions, but is on edge and eventually on hands and knees, praying for the deliverance of good reviews for this latest play, The Golden Egg. Sweetly touching in his epiphany about being a part of the tradition that includes Arthur Miller and Eugene O’Neill, Ferguson’s

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.183458
Retrieved Text: From the first moment, Vanessa Hollingshead hit the stage, waiting well over 4 hours at an “Open Mic” to do 5 minutes of comedy…..she knew she was “home.” She would temp all over the city during the day as a word-processor and be in the clubs at night to perform. She often slept in the bathrooms at work, or on her lunch hour. Vanessa never looked back. It paid off. After two years, she was able to make a living being a working comic.
She often jokes about real things. As a child, she spent a year at Millbrook Mansion with her father, Michael Hollingshead, who introduced Timothy Leary and Sir Paul McCartney to LSD. “I don’t have childhood memories, I have flashbacks.” At five years old she took LSD by accident.
She was in and out of different homes and schools. Her mom was smoking pot and taking amphetamines, which she, of course, gave to Vanessa to help clean the apartment. She lived briefly with her dad in Boston, England, then in Scotland. By 18 she was back in NYC and got a scholarship to study at the Lee Strasberg Theatrical Institute. Vanessa was always like a sponge and could meet anyone once and impersonate them. She found humor in daily life and that was what created her angst on stage as a comic. She divides her time doing stand up, acting, playwriting, painting, and playing keyboards and Karaoke.
Vanessa was recently on VH1’s Lords of the Revolution, has had her own Comedy Central Presents, has taped her

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.94164
Retrieved Text: Douglas Walker is a comedian, writer & improviser.
His debut Edinburgh Fringe solo-sketch show MOGLICH was critically lauded & toured to Adelaide Fringe and Perth Fringe in 2016. His incisive and insightful writing is coupled with a formidable acting talent honed over six years with Fringe favourites, the improv troupe Racing Minds. The joyous love for absurd narratives and larger-than-life characters familiar their fans still shines through in Walker’s solo work, but here it is mixed with an intricacy of execution and a subtle appreciation for both the surreal and the satirical that transforms those elements into something more than comic. Walker delights in testing the boundaries of what comedy might do, and what an audience might expect from a comedy show. His latest solo show KOMISCHER was a hit at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe 2016 and will be part of the comedy line-up at Fringe World in Perth in 2017.
Douglas has performed in Australia, Belgium, Poland and the Netherlands, lectured on improvised comedy at the University of Westminster and is a regular contributor to one of London’s most popular alternative comedy events, Stand Up Philosophy.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.897072
Retrieved Text: LOS ANGELES — Famed stand-up comic Shelley Berman, who recently played Larry David’s father on “Curb Your Enthusiasm,” has died. He was 92.
Berman died early Friday morning due to complications from Alzheimer’s disease at his home in Bell Canyon, Calif., his publicist confirmed to Variety.
The Grammy winner and Emmy-nominated actor was one of the most successful stand-up comedians of the 1950s and ’60s. His 1959 live record, “Inside Shelley Berman,” was the first comedy album to be certified gold (with more than 500,000 sales) and was the first non-musical recording to win a Grammy Award. Two other albums, “Outside Shelley Berman” and “The Edge of Shelley Berman,” also went gold.
Berman was the first stand-up comicc to perform at Carnegie Hall. He appeared on “The Ed Sullivan Show” more than 20 times and was a guest on shows hosted by Steve Allen, Jack Paar, Dinah Shore, Perry Como, Andy Williams, and Dean Martin.
The Chicago native trained as a serious actor before jumping into comedy as a nightclub performer. His signature bit was to sit cross-legged on a bar stool, act as if he were on the telephone, and improvise long, complicated, one-sided conversations.
Berman appeared as Nat David on HBO’s “Curb Your Enthusiasm” between 2002 and 2009, and received an Emmy nomination in 2008. He retired from performing in 2014.
Berman broke into show business in 1943 after his discharge from the U.S. Navy and enrolled at Chicago’s Goodman Theatre acting school. One of his routines involved portraying his own father when the then-18-year-old Shelley called home to ask

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.715769
Retrieved Text: High School in South Texas was not kind to Paul J. Williams. As a “creative” teenager, he was in band, choir AND drama. Wimp. Nerd. Fag. To counter the endless teasing and name-calling, Paul learned early on to always have the last word. Eventually, this defense mechanism developed into a very quick wit, which came in handy as he endured four repressive years of college at the largest Southern Baptist University in the world. In Waco, Texas. How exciting. Now, years later, he has honed a sense of humor that has served him well as one of the smartest and funniest openly gay comics working today.
Originally planning to make his way through the management ranks of a major department store after college, he soon realized that his passion was to be a performer, whether as a singer or actor, and he left his retail career to pursue his dreams. Comedy came into the picture during a Dallas community theater production when the director persuaded Paul and two other cast members to form a comedy/improv group. Calling themselves LESS MISERABLE, the trio became a huge success over a six year period and performed in Los Angeles, New York and Provincetown, as well as garnering a huge hometown following in Dallas. During a summer run in Provincetown, LESS MISERABLE shared a house with another comic who convinced Paul that he needed to go out on his own as a stand-up. The rest, as they say, is history.
BACKSTAGE Magazine has called Paul “…..very funny….genuine, intelligent, sensible, and appealing.” AUSTIN

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.669586
Retrieved Text: Directed by Richard Linklater and written by Eric Bogosian, SubUrbia is an extraordinary blend of the disparate visions of two celebrated observers of pop culture and disaffected youth. From the opening credits of strip malls and tract homes to the more eclectic images, like a new television set perched on top of the old console because it is too big or someone is too apathetic to remove it, SubUrbia seduces you with a cinematic style that captures the dark heart of middle America.
In this case it’s personified by a group of kids, who converge at the local convenience store. Jeff is the poet and thinker and Sooze his artsy punk girlfriend anxious to get to New York and make her mark. Her friend Bee-Bee is fresh from rehab, as opposed to Buff, who will smoke and drink anything with adolescent gusto. Then there is Tim, the tattooed, quick-tempered brooder who actually made it out, as far as the army, but is now back and bitter. As if under a magnifying glass, things are beginning to heat up in the fluorescent lights of the parking lot when a stretch limo announces the triumphant return of Pony, one of the gang who is now a neophyte rock star. They may seem stereotypical at first, but skewed by the detail of their characterizations, combined with the strength of the performances from an outstanding cast, this group is actually a microcosm of modern alienated youth.
Eric Bogosian’s words mesh flawlessly with Richard Linklater’s detailed hypervision of suburban America. Based on Bogosian’s

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.615442
Retrieved Text: sent Lynn Ex Machina: wherein the author makes up for a little teen angst and revises the past to the group.
sent Dear Foremost Leading Scientist On Stinkbugs to the group.
sent The Proposal to the group.
sent Our Merchant-Ivory Weekend to the group.
sent George and Harriet to the group.
sent Hard Time to the group.
sent Librarians Love Me! to the group.
sent Me and My Wing Guppy to the group.
Comic stories can be satiric, ironic, surreal, absurd, parody, romantic, black, gallows, comic-tragic, as long as they engender thoughtful (although at times painful) humor about the human condition, not necessarily laugh out loud funny.
"One excellent test of the civilization of a country ... I take to be the flourishing of the Comic idea and Comedy; and the test of true Comedy is that it shall awaken thoughtful laughter."
In a comic story, the writer not only seeks to amuse, but to make the reader think about issues, often controversial and painful, often not normally discussed. Comedy can meld the funny with sad and disturbing, as well as other oppositional dichotomies. A good comic story doesn't just make you laugh, or smile, but also mull things over from a new perspective.
This group has 71 members.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.442924
Retrieved Text: Steve Orlando and Aco get the band back together from their character-defining run on Midnighter.
By Zack Quaintance — Two weeks ago, writer Steve Orlando and artist Laura Braga put out Wonder Woman #51, a stand-alone story about the depths of Diana Prince’s compassionate stubbornness to not give up on even her most dangerous enemies. That issue was—to me—the best standalone Wonder Woman story in years, a perfect comic that had me tearing up at the depths of our hero’s desire to help. As I wrote in my Wonder Woman #51 review, I loved it.
Wonder Woman #52 sees Orlando returning for a four-part adventure story with the character, this time joined by artist Aco, his collaborator on the 2015 Midnighter run that remains my favorite story about that character. In the intermittent time, both creators have progressed in their craft, and I'm happy to say that it very much shows.
There's just so much to like about this comic. It's confident, bold, and well-paced, but let’s look first at this issue’s plot. Whereas Wonder Woman #51 dove into the qualities and values that make Diana arguably DC’s most admirable hero, Wonder Woman #52 is a fast-paced adventure that makes fantastic use of the actual mythology inherent to the character. What results is, put simply, another great comic.
This is a tight story that expertly plays to Wonder Woman’s status as a figure within mythology to drive its narrative. Diana obviously knows this sector of the DCU well, and the book does a great job conveying this early, so that

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.430206
Retrieved Text: What is Drugs and Wires?
Grunge and alt-rock dominate the airwaves. Floppy disks are still the storage medium of choice. The mainstream media can’t shut up about this amazing new thing called the “Information Superhighway.” And in the shadows of glittering megacities, a loose alliance of cyber-anarchists, techno-pagans, and razorgirls is waging covert war against power-hungry corporations, sinister governments, and injustice and corruption in all of its forms.
No, this is the story of Dan, pissy misanthrope and recovering VR junkie, now condemned to a dead-end job delivering sketchy packages in a post-Soviet urban hellhole.
This is the story of Lin, a cybernetics installer who treats concepts like “anesthesia” and “disinfectant” as annoying inconveniences, and likes to soundtrack life-altering surgeries with Cannibal Corpse.
And above all, this is the story of what happens when the future that never was meets the past that we occasionally poke fun at on VH1. Welcome to Drugs and Wires.
No, seriously, what is Drugs and Wires?
Drugs and Wires is a (hopefully) ongoing webcomic created by Mary Safro aka Cryo (original premise, art, writing, drug research) and Io Black (writing, editing, plot development). It doubles up as a sequel to Dreamspace, a trilogy of motion comics published between 2013 and 2014.
So, do I have to have read Dreamspace to understand this comic?
Nope. While Drugs and Wires picks up after the conclusion of Dreamspace, it’s ultimately intended to stand on its own. But if you haven’t read Dreamspace yet, why not take a few minutes to check it out? Word of warning: The comic features some flashing

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.358334
Retrieved Text: What is the Backstage Pass Loyalty Program?
How can I sign up for the Backstage Pass Loyalty Program?
What is my Backstage Pass ID Number?
When should I give my Backstage Pass ID Number?
How do I earn points on my Backstage Pass account?
Can more than one person use a single account?
Is membership in the Backstage Pass Program free?
How can I see my point totals?
Can I apply for the Backstage Pass online?
When I purchase tickets or gift cards online, will I receive Backstage Pass points?
Are all B&B Theatres locations participating in the Backstage Pass Loyalty Program?
Why am I required to give my full name, email address, phone number, birth date, and zip code when registering for the Backstage Pass?
B&B Theatres offers a loyalty program which awards customers points based on admission and concession purchases, special promotions and discounts, and access to exclusive events. This program is called the Backstage Pass.
Whenever a Backstage Pass member presents their Backstage Pass ID Number (the phone number given when the account was created) at the Box Office or Concession Stand prior to making a purchase, their account is accessed. Points are added to the account based on the dollars spent in the subsequent transaction. Those points can be redeemed as vouchers at a later time for discounts on concessions or admissions. The program also affords members various additional benefits, which are outlined below.
On Tuesday’s! -$2 Off tickets* and any size popcorn and soda (some exclusions apply) select blackout dates may apply.
Guests can sign up for the Backstage Pass Loyalty Program at the Box Office

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.230028
Retrieved Text: All day I was watching this meme spread — I first saw it on Clagnut, thence to Hicksdesign and from there, well, pretty much everyone in my blogroll. I waited, hoping for a baton of my own. I languished in obscurity and unpopularity, mentally composing my lists and checking feeds obsessively. Then lo, patience paid off, and the gracious, talented, and hopefully very very forgiving Brad Smith extended the baton in my direction. Rock on.
Oh crap, now I gotta write something.
I think it was “f#a#∞”, by Godspeed You Black Emperor and “1000 Smiling Knuckles” by Skin Yard , ordered simultaneously so I’m counting it as a single purchase.
“Hey You”, by Pink Floyd . Sure it’s a tad pretentious to say this, but Pink Floyd changed my life. At a time when I was wallowing in teen angst, certain that nobody would ever understand me, hearing the bleak lyrics and sombre tones of Floyd made me feel slightly less alone. I admit I consider “Dark Side of the Moon” an overrated album, so I oscillate between “Wish You Were Here”, “Animals” and “The Wall” as being my favorite. Forced to choose for the sake of this list, I’m calling out “Hey You” as perhaps the most quintessential Floyd track. It epitomizes the conceptual scope and emotional depth they’re famous for. And it’s positively dripping with angst.
“Burn”, by The Cure . This song from The Crow soundtrack finally made me pay attention to The Cure, who have since become one of my favorites. Prior to this I only

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.156322
Retrieved Text: We're still recovering from an exciting Brighton Comedy Festival that kicked-off with the Opening Gala at the Brighton Dome Concert Hall. I watched my comedy course graduate Angela Barnes follow in the footsteps of graduates Jimmy Carr, Seann Walsh, Simon Evans and Romesh Ranganathan, making her superb debut in a star-studded show. I was back in the Dome's Concert Hall for the closing show "Best of the Fest" but this time backstage supporting my comedy course graduate Adam Race who won Brighton Comedy Festival's "Squawker Award" 2013. Seann Walsh and Angela Barnes were also back for "Best of the Fest." I had a "bit of a moment" watching lovely graduates Seann and Angela backstage supporting our newbie comic Adam (above) warming-up to go on stage in front of an audience of 2,000. He made us proud.
Graduate James Bannon triumphed at the Edinburgh Festival this year with his sell-out one-man show about his time in the police force as an undercover football hooligan. He wrote his book about it all "Running with the Firm" and shortly after publication it shot up besteller charts in a nice little frenzy of press and media interest.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.028145
Retrieved Text: Dimensions 0.50 by 8 by 9 in.
In an insider's look at the British alternative rock band Coldplay, a rock promoter traces the group's rise to stardom in the U.S. in a study that includes behind-the-scenes anecdotes, personal profiles, and one hundred full-color photographs. Original.
Amazon.com description: Product Description: The riveting story of how Coldplay conquered America.
Known as much for their personal integrity as for their dramatically original sound, Coldplay has skyrocketed to superstar status since the release of their stunning debut album, Parachutes. Their follow-up, A Rush of Blood to the Head, which went multiplatinum like the first, was still selling 40,000 copies a week even a year after it first topped the charts, and the band sells out the world's largest arenas.
But life wasn't always so glorious for these boys from Britain. Plagued during their early years by self-doubt, the foursome has broken up, backed out of high-profile gigs, even choked onstage in front of a roomful of industry types. Now, for the first time, the highs and lows of their life on the road to superstardom are revealed. This is the story behind the angst and despair that nearly ripped the band apart just as they were perched on the brink of galactic success. It is a chronicle of Coldplay's transformation from a flailing, insecure band into the two-time winners of the Grammy Award for Alternative Album of the Year and one of the most powerful international rock acts around.
Penned by an industry insider who has toured extensively with the band -- and including never-before-seen

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.978931
Retrieved Text: During the later period of Scott Lobdell’s epic run on the ’90s Uncanny X-Men, things got a little weird. An amnesiac Magneto joined the team, dubbing himself Joseph. The X-Men for some reason or another were in space, and instead of like every other time they’ve been there, they decided to get some fancy-dancy spacesuits. This screams of either Joe Madureira boredom or “we need some space variant action figures!” I’ve never seen this promo poster for this storyline.
This all led up to, of course, Uncanny X-Men #350, where it’s revealed that Gambit was involved with the Marauders and had basically aided and abetted the Mutant Massacre. This, as I believe I’ve alluded to before, was effectively the last relevant Gambit story. The issue came out in December, 1999 – what if he had just been left in the ’90s? His character has only gone through painful and terrible development since this time, and it would have been poetic for his last story to be at the very end of the decade he helped define.
Instead, we’ve been saddled with a character who’s been so embarrassing for the past ten years that there’s almost no imaginable way to revitalize him as a valuable property. To think, he was once seen as a potential contender for Wolverine / Punisher / Daredevil levels of popularity. Ooof.
Maybe the most 90’s thing ever.
More 90’s than the parted-in-the-middle 13 year old teen boy haircut.
More 90’s than alt rock.
How about a x-men comic book with a holo-foil cover named “Generation X” featuring a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.947096
Retrieved Text: My Dog’s Got No Nose, presented by Phil Barnes for Arkle at the Royal Scots Club, is a well acted piece that manages to sustain considerable interest.
Ron Aldridge’s play features an ageing would-be stand-up comic, fretting backstage before what he hopes is his big break. Over the course of the piece, the story of his life, loves and misfortunes unfolds.
What could be an ideal one-person Fringe show at 45 minutes long instead runs to well over an hour. This extra length is not put to great use; there is an air of repetition to a storyline that takes far longer to unfold than is necessary. Twists and revelations take so long to arrive that they can easily be predicted, when a tauter narrative would have preserved the element of surprise.
Despite this lack of pace, Barnes and director John Lally manage to create an involving and convincing persona. Indeed, considering there are elements of the character’s development over the play that hardly bear close examination, Barnes does very well. Such a long stretch of acting without an interval is also a test of stamina, and he responds well on the whole.
An affable, easy-going style predominates that is well suited to the mixture of comedy, reflection, exposition and interaction with the audience that features here. It is not a natural mixture, and the joins could be a lot easier to spot in a less assured performance.
There are good reasons why, when it comes, the stand-up routine is not the most cutting-edge, but it is disappointing it turns about

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.360058
Retrieved Text: Another wonderful, insightful review for The Twelfth Labor, the last book of Three Seconds to Legend! Thanks to RedHeadedBookLover and enjoy!
RedHeadedBooklover tackles the second book of Three Seconds to Legend, The Tale of the Tape! Again, I’m thankful for the thoughts, insights, and kind words!
It’s always great to get a glowing review like this one for The Opening Bell! Thank you, RedHeadedBookLover!
Another greatly appreciated review for Indefatigable! Thanks, David, for your insights and thoughts!
And a review of Incorruptible to make for a full set of reviews from Jaffa! Great stuff as always!
The urban fantasy series with the heart, soul and humor of a self-aware comic book concludes appropriately and true to itself. Wishes became reality under the warped plan of an unsure, mad scientist in the series opener. At his mind’s bidding, superheroes and supervillians [“Pushed” and “Pushcrooks”] burst onto the scene. The eternal battle between good and evil was to be led unquestionably by neo-God, Epic–the former professor/mad scientist. Protagonist, ex-girlfriend Dr. Irene Roman [aka “Indy”] leads the charge in countering the comic-inspired madness. She’s one of the few [“Naturals”] that can see through the new reality to the old one.
They don’t come as quickly right now but it’s always good to see a fresh review crop up! Enjoy!
The urban fantasy series with the heart, soul and humor of a self-aware comic book continues here after its impressive start with Indomitable. Wishes became reality under the warped plan of an unsure, mad scientist in the series opener. At his mind’s bidding, superheroes and supervillians burst

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.012104
Retrieved Text: 5.2.13 - New Music - The Wanted - Pop! Bang! Boom!
In the battle of the boybands, I kind of hate to say that right now One Direction is winning.
While a year or so back America was just getting used to both The Wanted and One Direction, a lot can change in a short period of time. 1D has now had two #1 albums and two top 10 hits. The Wanted, sadly, has only managed one top ten album and one top ten song. The five guys in The Wanted even seem to be lagging in their homeland, so at least we can’t blame this on the United States’ refusal to accept some of the best international singles.
Their upcoming third album has been delayed, and the singles released thus far off of it haven’t been terribly memorable. While new track “Walks Like Rihanna” does have quite the attention-grabbing name, it doesn’t live up to its namesake. Sure, it has the same up-tempo popwerpop beat that dominates much of the pop landscape, but it just doesn’t have that special something.
So, unlike Rihanna (usually), this track leaves something to be desired.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.985903
Retrieved Text: As promised, Atlus officially revealed Persona 5: The Royal, a brand-new Persona 5 RPG set to release for PlayStation 4. The announcement came today after the anime special Persona 5: The Stars and Ours.
While not much is revealed in the trailer, which you can see above, there are some noteworthy points of interest.
The trailer shows Shibuya Square, an important location in P5, with crowds of people looking up at the display screens in a downpour. The trailer then provides a few shots of a young, red-haired female standing alone in the crowd without an umbrella, before highlighting a few key aspects about her.
Naturally, the trailer is in Japanese, but the folks at Gematsu translated the dialogue.
I think helping people is a wonderful thing, but if I had to say, I don’t like them. I don’t think the Phantom Thieves’ methods will make the world a better place or help anyone. In the end, I feel like you can only solve that yourself.
The trailer offers nothing else, except announcing that more information will be revealed on April 24, the date of the Persona Super Live Concert.
While some aspects of the announcement might still be nebulous, one thing is certain: the "Royal" in the title isn't designating this as a fighting game or battle royale. The official P5R site has been updated saying P5: The Royal is an RPG.
Atlus is known for releasing expanded remakes of modern Persona games shortly after the original games release. Persona 3 received two: Persona 3 FES for PlayStation 2 and Persona 3

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.81703
Retrieved Text: Young people eh? With their fancy phones and Insta-everything and their fast food and designer clothes and their entitlement. Not like Mui Foong’s aunt, whose voice Singaporean writer Jeremy Tiang adopts for the short story ‘1997’.
Set during the impending hand-over from the hundred-year lease from the British, Mui Foong is 14 years old, and ‘doesn’t want to leave’ Hong Kong, which is surely going to the dogs with its looming ‘Party devils [and] corpses in the gutter’. Bit like Brexit really. Thus her nameless maternal aunt gives her a scathing dressing-down as to how she should be so lucky to even sniff at the wonderful life she leads, with opportunities to go and live abroad, eat so as to not be on the brink of starvation, and own her own computer. Real talk.
The monologue aspect of this story is an aspect that lends so much power to the account of merciless pain and suffering endured by its candid female protagonist at the hands of the Red Guards on the mainland, with the aunt relaying an unwitting resort to cannibalism at six years old during the Great Leap Forward. No wonder she has a habit of over-ordering dim sum now. Doesn’t Mui Foong appreciate the fact her city is crammed with sustenance? What would molly-coddled Mui Foong do, just to survive? What would YOU, the reader, do? The ultimate guilt trip over dinner.
Connections permeate this story: the mainland to Hong Kong by Chou En-lai delivering foodstuffs based on lies to the border from behind the Bamboo Curtain,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.22366
Retrieved Text: For the second quarter in the last year, Mobotix's growth has gone flat. Worse, the company missed badly on its own revenue goals set at the beginning of their fiscal year. However, the company remains irrationally bullish, especially with its continued expansion into the home automation market. Inside this note, we dig into the financial details and competitive positioning.
"[Revenue growth] was particularly affected by the debt crisis in Europe. The slow macroeconomic growth that has been seen over the last few quarters in nearly all European countries has now intensified, and a continued recessionary trend appears very probably in the short to medium trend."
Growth varied significantly geographically. Revenue was down 3.7% in Europe, excluding Germany. However, in Germany and the US revenue growth was both up ~22%. German growth was impressive and above recent pace. However, US growth rate continued to decline.
iPhone/iPad app that "provides notifications when someone rings the doorbell, enables two-way communication with visitors and can remotely open the door. It is also possible to retrieve voice mailbox messages, live images and recordings from all integrated Door Stations and cameras."
The good news is that they are filling out their home automation offering. The bad is that it is of little use to their core market of professional surveillance users.
Mobotix's main release this year was the S14, a nice but niche product that unfortunately Axis matched just months later with their P12.
Mobotix's competitive positioning continues to deteriorate. Outside of a massive change in strategy, their only hope is that home automation becomes a huge business.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.135382
Retrieved Text: HOME is a fast-paced delightful 94 minutes, I really enjoyed watching this movie as did my kids. Released on 19 March, HOME is DREAMWORKS lone theatrical release of this year, and it has been well worth the wait, especially in the 3D version as distributed only in overseas markets by Twentieth Century Fox.
DREAMWORKS marketing for this movie was both clever and unique, because they released from 7 March 2014 a fast-paced, wonderful, charming and captivating 3D DreamWorks computer-graphics-animated four minute comedy short called “ALMOST HOME”, that screened before each new DreamWorks children’s movie, including the 3D Mr. Peabody and Sherman, and 3D Penguins of Madagascar, plus the Blue Sky Studios film 3D Rio 2.
Based on the 2007 children’s science fiction book, written by Adam Rex, “The True Meaning of Smekday” and featuring the voices of Steve Martin, Rihanna and Jim Parsons, HOME has Gratutity (“Tip”) Tucci as its female protagonist, this a wonderful story that has both heart and humour.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.072353
Retrieved Text: Estonia is a country that's in love with all things digital, but it has plenty of traditional charms to offer, too. Tim Hulse reports from its 'positively surprising' first city. The story was first published in the April issue of British Airways Business Life magazine.
Things happen quickly in Estonia. It takes 18 minutes to start a company online and 3 minutes to file a tax return. More pertinently, it's taken this small north European country of just 1.3 million inhabitants less than three decades to emerge from Soviet occupation and establish itself as arguably one of the world's most advanced digital nations. Its 'e-Estonia' tag is entirely justified: internet access has been declared a human right and you'll find 4G mobile internet just about anywhere you go, even on the most isolated of the more than 2,000 islands that lie off its coast. Its tech-savvy population is accustomed to carrying out a host of tasks online: not just filing tax returns but voting, getting prescriptions and much more, making it a model of e-governance. And its thriving startup scene is making a mark on the world stage. "Few factors get us as excited as Estonian founders!" tweeted Silicon Valley VC titan Marc Andreessen in 2015.
In 2002, Estonia launched an electronic ID card that has been enthusiastically embraced by its population, who proudly describe to visitors the amount of time they save by not having to visit the bank or the doctor's surgery, or engage with various government services in person. According to a World Bank report

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.059244
Retrieved Text: The Hunger Games first came to me during a night of persistent insomnia which I hoped to dispel by reading some charming YA fiction with a predictable love-triangle and the safe knowledge that the good guys would win. Alas, I was awake until gone five in the morning because The Hunger Games is brilliant. I read the whole trilogy over about 48 hours flat, completely gripped by the story and the world.
The novel is set in the post-apocalyptic nation Panem, divided into twelve Districts, of which the first, The Capitol, is in control, and is told from the point of view of 16-year-old Katniss Everdeen. This first book in the trilogy tracks Katniss’ progress through The Hunger Games, an annual televised death-games involving children aged 12-18, one male and one female, selected at random from each of the twelve Districts. Ultimately, of course, we know Katniss is going to win, or the next two books in the trilogy would be somewhat void, but this doesn’t interfere with the drama of the plot. In order to pander the the Captiol audience’s whims, Katniss strikes up a pretend relationship with the male competitor from her District, Peeta Mellark. As the games continue, the force of their supposed relationship takes on a significance of its own in the outside world and by the end of the book, Katniss has undertaken actions which potentially make her a dangerous opponent to the power of the Capitol.
I had the impression before reading this that The Hunger Games might be a sort of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.612215
Retrieved Text: Today, we will be introducing a pachislot machine of a popular tactical role-playing game called “Valkyria Chronicles”.
Its original work has gained popularity with its unique battle system and drama, that its 4th series is expected to make its debut next year.
This new machine has completely reproduced the story of its original work, and a key to winning is the “target symbol” on the reel.
Aim for the final battle against the crown prince Maximilian by invading!
It is expected to make its debut in February next year.
Today, we will be introducing a second pachislot machine of “Blood+”, which was created and became popular in 2005, and turned into a pachislot machine in 2010.
Its original work is an anime series produced by Production I.G, known for their works such as “Ghost in the Shell” and “PSYCHO-PASS”.
The story of “Blood+” revolves around a protagonist of Saya Otonashi, along with other characters, who learns their secrets and fights against the nemesis called Diva and a hematophagous bat-like creature called Chiropteran.
“BLOOD EYE” triggers the start of everything, and there is a chance of victory whenever BLOOD EYE lines up!!
The biggest selling point of this machine is the succession of “DEAD or ALIVE” rendition from its original pachislot machine, that players will be sure to get excited once they draw the 50% chance of “ALIVE”!!
It is expected to make its debut on 4th of September.Don’t miss it!!
A pachislot machine we will be introducing today is “Ryu ga Gotoku”, a popular action game developed by SEGA!!
This machine, being the first pachislot machine of “Ryu

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.558462
Retrieved Text: Connelly introduces an enjoyable new hero in the Bosch universe for book #30, one good enough to stand on her own.
There’s a celebratory feel about prolific detective fiction writer Michael Connelly’s 30th novel; as though reaching that milestone isn’t reason enough to break out the champagne, the creator of Hieronymus ‘Harry’ Bosch has decided to switch things up and focus on an entirely new character to keep anxious readers on their toes: introducing 32-year old Renée Ballard, a female journalist-turned-detective and star of the enjoyable new adventure in The Late Show.
But this isn’t displacement; Connelly’s famous detective is approaching 70 and has already long retired (among other things), and facing a growing list of health concerns that would bring down any normal septuagenarian, let alone a fictional supercop on the mean streets of Los Angeles. Last year’s novel, The Wrong Side of Goodbye, definitely made it known that change is afoot, and that all good things must come to an end. When and how Connelly decides to finally ‘retire’ Bosch from literary service is known only to him, but when that happens fans could have a new hero to look forward to with Ballard.
A key to Connelly’s longevity was that he never let his creations become the main focus of the mystery. As much as we root for Bosch, his personality was always secondary to whatever case he was on; his family life, passions, and other details were peppered throughout, often violently so, but Connelly has always been careful to never let readers forget it was

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.267075
Retrieved Text: Battlefield 5 is arriving this year, and fans of the franchise are patiently awaiting what DICE has in store to help set the game apart from the crowd. However, there's one game mode that could work incredibly well in the first-person shooter, and one that has become a major sensation in gaming over the last year or so. In short, Battlefield 5 should have a Battle Royale mode.
Of course, the most popular Battle Royale games on the market have already cemented their places in online gaming. Fortnite has become such a major sensation that it has seeped well and truly into overall pop culture, while PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds went from an early access sensation to one of the top ten best selling games of all time in a blink of an eye.
However, Battlefield 5 could offer something different to both, and its pedigree could truly make a Battle Royale mode to be reckoned with. The Battlefield franchise as a whole built its name on the level of scope it was able to provide in comparison to its competitors, and it's no surprise that there are even suggestions that a Battle Royale prototype is in the works for Battlefield 5, albeit as a post-release update. After all, the inclusion of a 100-person deathmatch mode wouldn't be that much more of a strain that the current 64 player servers.
What's more, Battlefield has continually made a name for itself by mixing up its multiplayer modes from release to release. The Levolution events of Battlefield 4 brought a level of malleability

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.179035
Retrieved Text: An inspiring film to share with your grandkids that features a female protagonist is the film “Epic”, new to DVD/Blu-ray this week. If you like fairy tales, then you will love this film. A teenager finds herself transported to a deep forest setting where a battle between the forces of good and the forces of evil is taking place. She bands together with a rag-tag group characters in order to save their world — and ours. Rated PG, it’s the perfect film to share with your whole family.
13-year-old KIDS FIRST! Film Critic Brianna B says, “I absolutely love this film. It has a great plot, and some really great characters. I like how the visuals are outstanding, and flawless.” KIDS FIRST! Film Critics also discuss Epic on the KIDS FIRST! Coming Attractions Radio Show ( http://www.voiceamerica.com/episode/69259/grayson-russell-space-warriors-epic-fast-and-furious-star-trek-into-darkness ) See Brianna’s full review below.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.140207
Retrieved Text: A fantasy drama set in a world of legendary heroes and mythical creatures. Far from home and desperate for answers, Jason washes up on the shores of an ancient land. A mysterious place; a world of bull leaping, of snake haired goddesses and of palaces so vast it was said they were built by giants - this is the city of Atlantis. Aided by his two new friends, Pythagoras and Hercules, Jason embarks on a voyage of discovery, and salvation, which sees him brush shoulders with Medusa, come face to face with the Minotaur and even do battle with the dead.
This is a fantasy series. Here is a protagonist named Jason. He hears about a unique and mysterious place but doesnâ€™t attach importance to it. He lives his life and soon all his plans fail in one flash. In some incomprehensible way Jason finds himself in a mythological place. And moreover this is a whole country that seems to get stuck in ancient time. There are people, enigmatic creatures, Greek Minotaur, Gods and perhaps magic. First, Jason takes it as a bad dream. But after communication with the locals and flee from the wild animals the main character realizes that he is in real Atlantis. Now he has a hard task to accomplish â€“ get out of here at all hazards. Since the humongous beasts may devour him or the guards may kill him for his unusual appearance. But Jason has sharp wits and secrets from his world. In order to make himself safe he is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.052574
Retrieved Text: The Vimalakirti Nirdesa Sutra also called the Vimalakirti Sutra, probably was written nearly 2,000 years ago. Yet it retains its freshness and humor as well as its wisdom. Modern readers especially appreciate its lesson on the equality of women and the enlightenment of laypeople.
Like most Mahayana Buddhist Sutras, the origins of the text are not known. It is generally believed that the original was a Sanskrit text dating to about the 1st century CE. The oldest version that survives to the present day is the translation into Chinese made by Kumarajiva in 406 CE. Another Chinese translation, considered to be more accurate, was completed by Hsuan Tsang in the 7th century. The now-lost Sanskrit original also was translated into Tibetan, most authoritatively by Chos-nyid-tshul-khrims in the 9th century.
The Vimalakirti Sutra contains more subtle wisdom than can be presented in a short essay, but here is a brief overview of the sutra.
In this allegorical work, Vimalakirti is a layman who debates a host of disciples and bodhisattvas and demonstrates his deep enlightenment and understanding. Only the Buddha himself is his equal. So, the first point made in the sutra is that enlightenment does not depend on ordination.
Vimalakirti is a Licchavi, one of the ruling clans of ancient India, and he is held in high esteem by all. The second chapter of the sutra explains that Vimalakirti feigns illness (or takes illness into himself) so that many people, from the king to the commoners, would come to see him. He preaches the dharma to those who come, and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.05035
Retrieved Text: Tommy Lee Jones narrates the story of Esequiel Hernandez, a young American man who was murdered by U.S. Marines on the border between Texas and Mexico.
Paul F (ca) wrote: A bland and bleak take on Snow White, but wonderful visuals and aesthetics make this over long film at times interesting and engaging.
Donna L (es) wrote: Take a moment and step outside of everything you've ever known and see life through the simplistic yet magical moments exposed in this portrayal of death taking a vacation.
Peter F (jp) wrote: The finale of Eric Rohmer's Six Moral Tales series is an intriguing film about love and temptation, and its strongest card is its refusal to give in to viewers' expectations.
Spookie M (mx) wrote: Decent but uneven anthology horror. Jack Palace is pretty great. The ending is really silly.
Allen D (us) wrote: Silly, derivative and routine British horror presented ina rather bleached and damaged print. Dr Who's Yeti scribes Mervyn Haisman and Henry Lincoln script a tale of witchcraft in an old country house where our hero Mark Eden goes looking for his lost brother. Christopher Lee, Boris Karloff and Michael Gough go through their paces and that always creates a modicum of pleasure so this is very watchable while not exactly being of merit.
Jesse W (it) wrote: Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (called the Philosopher's Stone outside the U.S.) is the starting chapter to one of the greatest series to ever hit the big screen. This first installment does an excellent job of setting up the universe just

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.704739
Retrieved Text: So with 2014 rushing by and many peoples’ thoughts focused on the Legislative and Presidential elections, golfers in Jakarta have been contemplating the next round of the league season. Traditionally, this has been the point in the league where both front and rearguard positions start to get some clarity, would it be the same this year?
Cloggies, the front-runners, had several selection problems and had to dig into their pool of players [the attraction of this matchplay format is that it attracts sufficient people who wish to experience the thrills, frustration and spills] for their match against MadDogs. There have been many sides who have come unstuck against the resilience of MadDogs that was not to be the case as the Cloggies eased through 7:3.
Second placed Sandbaggers thought that this would be their golden opportunity to pick up a maximum 10 points as they were playing against the bottom positioned team. But this has to be put down as a missed opportunity because the Sentul Swingers claimed three points and whilst still rooted to the bottom of the table had a big smile on their faces that evening.
The most intriguing fixture this month was the battle between Tee Set and Tin Cups. It was always likely to be close and the score of 6:4 to Tee Set proved the case. In this battle was the fight of the leagues two lowest handicappers with Sam, from Tee Set defending an enviable record of having won all of his matches, against stalwart Joseph and age conquered youth with Sam

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.50883
Retrieved Text: Cosy mysteries are my absolute favourite books. I love nothing better than to curl up on the sofa (when everyone else has gone to bed) and share a glass of red with my fave author.
Even just fifteen minutes of being whisked away into another time and place is enough to relax me and put me in a better place.
Thirty-two year-old self-proclaimed spinster Amelia Peabody decides to take her considerable inheritance to Egypt. This series is loved for its independent, sarcastic, strong-willed heroine in her 1880s setting. Best book: Crocodile on the Sandbank.
Agatha Raisin retires from a high-powered career in public relations at the age of 52 and moves to a cottage in a picturesque English village, which turns out to be not as tranquil as it appears. Best book: The Potted Gardener.
Set in London in 1932, this series features Lady Victoria Georgiana “Georgie” Charlotte Eugenie trying to live as an ordinary person. She’s the cousin of King George V of England, 34th in line for the throne, and flat broke. Best book: Her Royal Spyness.
[Bias alert – of course CCM is going to be one of my favourites!] Thirty-something Pippa Welbury lives in a small cottage overlooking Polperro bay in Cornwall. Working part-time as a vet’s assistant, she spends her time walking her adorable dog Benjamin along the Cornish cliffs and beaches. But sleepy Cornwall is not just a beauty spot, it has its fair share of criminals too as Pippa finds out. Best Book: The Marigold Sightings.
A much-loved and often-celebrated series starring Precious Ramotswe, Botswana’s

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.386454
Retrieved Text: This novel tells the story of Annemarie, a brave 10-year-old growing up in Denmark during the time of the Nazi occupation. Annemarie seeks to protect her best friend Ellen, who is Jewish, from the dangers that confront them both during this dark period in history. We chose this book for its brave female protagonist, cautious introduction to the dangers Jews faced during World War II, and its attention to rich social and emotional themes like friendship, family, bravery, honesty, protecting others, and life during wartime. This curriculum will inspire students to build connections between Annemarie and Ellen’s courageous story and their own.
Number the Stars tells the story of Annemarie Johansen, a young girl growing up in Denmark during World War II. Annemarie’s best friend, Ellen Rosen, is Jewish–this puts her in danger, as Nazi soldiers targeting the Jewish population are becoming increasingly more prevalent in Denmark during this time. Annemarie has spent years dealing with the effects of the war, like rationing and soldier patrols. Her hardships come to a climax when German soldiers decide to “relocate” all of the Jews from their homes. This action sparks a journey in Annemarie’s life that requires intense bravery and compassion.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.226786
Retrieved Text: I’ve read many stand-out stories this year so I’m limiting myself to one example from each of my categories.
It’s the orange juice can rollers that do it for me.
This account of time in the context of the piece, sums up the aching depth of the woman’s loss and desolation. It comes at around the mid-point. Read the whole story in the Bath Short Story Award Anthology, 2015.
There are many great paragraphs in ‘All About Alice’ one of Danielle McGoughlin’s stories in her acclaimed debut collection, ‘Dinosaurs on Other Planets’ Middle-aged Alice is trapped by the mistakes of her past, living without hope in the family home with her routine-bound father. In a rare week alone, when her father is on holiday, she ends up on a one-night stand with Jarlath.
‘The Good Son’, by Paul McVeigh contains dozens of scenes that fizz with energy. He came to Bath for an evening of readings we organised at Bath Short Story Award and read from the beginning of the novel, making those initial scenes even more poignant and funny. Another scene I enjoyed describes Mickey, the ten-year old protagonist, playing in his mother’s bedroom and dressing Killer, his dog, in a confirmation dress. But there are so many. In other scenes, I learned new words and phrases: ‘ lumbering’ and ‘hitting a redner’. If you don’t know what they mean, read the novel. Read it anyway, it’s so good. My copy is still with my neighbour, who loved it too.
This title works well for a powerful piece of flashfiction

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.095486
Retrieved Text: On the steps of San Buenaventura City Hall stands the statue of Father Junípero Serra, founder of the eponymous Mission San Buenaventura. It is here that you’ll find Ventura’s nexus, at Father Serra’s side, its past held in its century old city hall. A quick about-face holds Ventura’s present, a meandering city street sleepily unfolding into the ocean, flanked by gently swaying palm trees. Ventura began as a long held Chumash settlement, Shisholop, later displaced by California missions, solidified in the modern context by the historic U.S. Route 101 (now Ventura Highway). Many passed through, and little by little an enraptured population remained, held steadfast by the “city of good fortune”.
Amidst Ventura’s many gifts, the ocean is what truly holds captive the hearts of the locals and enamors its many visitors. Bestowed with a wonderfully irregular coastline, beach conditions can change from point to point, resulting in a stunning variety and wide appeal for all coastline activities. Surfer’s Knoll, a popular local surf spot is just a stone's throw from Harbor Cove Beach, nicknamed ‘Mother’s Beach’ due to its protective cove creating a safe family swimming destination. San Buenaventura State Beach sprawls alongside Ventura, punctuated by its picturesque promenade and pier.
While its difficult to avert your gaze from the city’s gorgeous coastline, there’s plenty happening in the city worthy of your undivided attention. Walk the beautiful promenade at seaside Ventura Harbor Village, a bright family-friendly destination boasting dozens of boutiques, galleries bars and restaurants (many duking it out to claim the title for the city’s best

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.07159
Retrieved Text: A week in the lives of Nader and Stefano, two sixteen-year-old friends living in Ostia, on the Roman coast, between school, clubbing and robbing prostitutes. Nader is Egyptian, but was born in Rome. He is in love with Italian girl Brigitte and defies family wishes by running away from home. In order to defend his friend Stefano, he stabs a young Romanian and flees. Stalked, he goes into hiding, going as far as to sleep on the beach in the middle of winter. This brings him to start confronting his various contradictory identities. He feels Italian and wears blue contact lenses. He loves the world of consumerism and does not celebrate Ramadan. Yet he still manages to have extreme behaviours, like pulling the trigger on Stefano when he comes onto his sister, in order to defend her honour as a Muslim girl.
film profile] were taken from the streets, with protagonist Nader Sarhan taken directly from an episode of documentary Fratelli d'Italia which director Claudio Giovannesi presented in 2009 at Rome’s Film Festival. The second protagonist Stefano Rabatti often steals the limelight from his Egyptian screen partner - a natural and convincing tension between these two teenagers with different roots. He runs through the script like a Jérémie Renier directed by the Dardenne brothers. Giovannesi’s camera stays focused on his characters’ profiles, going beyond the Belgian brothers’ naturalism, reminiscent of La Haine by Mathieu Kassovitz, with its narrative developments that seem to prepare its audience for an explosive epilogue.
With his sixteen-year-old second-generation immigrant, Giovannesi avoided making integration

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.06666
Retrieved Text: It's generally accepted that, in order to achieve fame and fortune, one must be prepared to sell one's soul. But Elena Ferrante did it without giving up so much as her name. In less than a decade, the anonymous Italian author has become a global phenomenon, with her four-part "Neapolitan" novel series ensnaring millions of readers in their decades-spanning, emotionally raw chronicle of a female friendship.
Ferrante has become literary royalty in spite, or perhaps because, of her steadfast refusal to identify herself to the public. As one subject in the Italian documentary Ferrante Fever notes, it's the purest possible form of letting the work speak for itself.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.053478
Retrieved Text: With the spectacular coastline, forests, meadows, and, of course, the mighty Rogue River of southwestern Oregon and northern California as backdrops, Shawn Michel de Montaigne offers this collection of essays, thoughts, and meditations. From praise and gratitude to protest and outrage, Montaigne pulls no punches and offers no quarter. My Rogue Mile was originally a weekly feature on Montaigne's Google Plus profile, and were written both in the run-up to the November 2016 general election between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, and for a short time after. Trump illegally and illegitimately "won," of course, and what was originally a collection with a much more nature-based theme transformed into a strong political one. The United States is facing an existential crisis, Montaigne observes, a genuine battle between good and evil. My Rogue Mile reflects the outrage that any sane individual would, and should, feel at the daily outrages against American democracy and its institutions by the cabal of jackals who have taken the reins of government. The photographs are all his, taken with a ten-year-old digital camera and edited for presentability.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.029503
Retrieved Text: While the exact origin of “sent to Coventry” continues to elude historians, its meaning remains steadfast. An English idiom, this phrase is not as predictable as other phrases, like “the finer things in life.” But its modern usage refers to a person ignored by society, friends, and family.
I recently used the phrase for a theme of a short story. In it my protagonist suffers from silence abuse at the hands of a parent. Adopting the genre of magical realism, I placed my protagonist on the road to Coventry.
Coventry is a real place in England. It’s one of the UK’s larger cities. Circling its center is a sizeable arterial ring-road, the A4053. I imagined my protagonist trapped on a deserted version of this ring road.
Speculation surrounds the origins of sent to Coventry. Some advocates believe it emerged during an intelligence incident in WWII. However, the words also appear in print in English colonies long before WWII.
In the The Sydney Gazette and New South Wales Advertiser (via Trove) on Saturday, 18 April 1812, its appears in an article about a meeting of cordwainers (shoemakers).
Use of the word “Sent to Coventry” in 1812. Image of 1812 article extracted from Trove, has been modified for use on this website and is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 Australia License.
Another theory proposed by BritianOnline’s city guide for Coventry ties the origins of the phrase to the English civil war of the 1640’s, where Parliamentarians shunned captured royalist troops taken to Coventry.
But a slightly different version of its origin made its

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.956684
Retrieved Text: NFL Films’ President Steve Sabol died Tuesday after an 18-month battle with brain cancer. He was 69.The manuscript Blue Lines is the fictional coming of age narrative of a young California woman Key Yemaya Walker, and her 2 year growing journey through school, love, and life period piece, written by Kenneth Suffern, Jr., taking place at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill between the years of 1997 – 1998. Loosely based on true events, and experiences during that time, told through the eyes and voice of the main female protagonist, a freshman first attending the school.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.871033
Retrieved Text: Having grown up in New England, where February is the punishment that God metes out for all sinners, I have decided that you can’t beat that.
Harvey Swick is ten years old, and like so many ten year-old boys, he is bored with his life. The interminable grayness of February, the drudgery of life – going to school, coming home, going to school again – and believes that, if his life became the tiniest bit more boring, he would most certainly perish.
Then he met a strange, smiling man named Rictus, who told Harvey of a wonderful place where boredom could not enter, and there was nothing to be had but fun and adventure. There is no better place for children, Rictus said, than Mister Hood’s Holiday House.
Thinking about it, given that Harvey was willing to follow a strange man to a mysterious house without much consideration for his safety, suggests either that Harvey is not very bright, or Rictus is extremely persuasive. Given the rest of the book, I’d bet on the latter.
The Holiday House is truly a place of miracles. The food is better than you’ve ever eaten and there are enough toys and games and costumes and masks to keep any child happy for the rest of their lives. And in every day there are four seasons – a perfect green spring in the morning, a blazing wonderful summer in the afternoon, an evening full of woodsmoke, pumpkins and fallen leaves, and every night is a white Christmas with a present for each boy and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.86592
Retrieved Text: 255 pp. Pantheon Books. $25.95.
Which of a society’s members are extended the privilege of hoping and dreaming? This question lies at the heart of the Kosovo-born Finnish writer Pajtim Statovci’s internationally acclaimed debut, “My Cat Yugoslavia,” a strange, haunting and utterly original exploration of displacement and desire.
Statovci interweaves the stories of Emine, a young Kosovan bride, and her son, Bekim, whom the aftershocks of exile continue to roil three decades after her fateful wedding to his father. Bekim is a studious gay loner isolated by anxiety, sexuality and the struggle of having grown up a refugee in Finland. Despite a childhood history with ophidiophobic nightmares, he buys a boa constrictor and sets it loose in his apartment. The snake takes up residence under his sofa, driving away his few human visitors, and quickly adopts strangely companionable behaviors more befitting a dog than a reptile.
An urgent longing for love belies Bekim’s inscrutability. We find echoes of that same longing in Emine’s girlhood reminiscences. She is a fiercely intelligent daydreamer at odds with her strict and superstitious father. In one of the novel’s most affecting passages, she realizes that the objective of her education has always been to make her a more suitable wife; she has “never heard of a single female politician, a female teacher or lawyer.” Having reconciled that she can no longer allow herself to dream, she wonders what she can hope for instead. Understanding that it can only be a handsome, generous husband, she promptly throws up. Her life is upended by a fleeting

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.831608
Retrieved Text: Shadowhawk reviews the jam-packed Warhammer 40,000 anthology released as a tie-in to the now-defunct CCG Dark Millennium by Sabretooth Games.
Tales From The Dark Millennium is quite an interesting anthology for several reasons. For one, unlike most other anthologies from Black Library, this one is set in a very specific time and place, with the stories contained therein forming a subset of a larger whole. And second, it is based on Sabretooth Games’ now out-of-print collectible card game Dark Millennium. The best thing about the anthology is that it contains several stories the likes of which are sorely missing in Black Library fiction of today, and the likes of which really flesh out the Imperium at large. I would love for more writers tackling these sorts of themes and concepts and characters and locations in future anthologies or novels because for me, these are the types of the stories that define the Imperium just as much as the “regular” stories about Space Marines and Imperial Guard.
First off in the anthology is Steve Parker’s The Falls of Marakross which tells the story of a Dark Angels strike force arriving on the world of Cordassa on a top-secret mission. As with most Dark Angels stories (really just all of them actually) this deals with the Dark Angels’ eternal hunt for the Fallen, the traitors of the First Legion from the days of the Horus Heresy. As such, the plot is very predictable but of course, predictability can have its own advantages. This is one of the best short stories

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.818693
Retrieved Text: use the stone to destroy men and gods."
Comments: If youre prepared to park your brain in neutral, this passable sword-and-sandal offering isnt a bad way of passing the time. Reg Park makes a convincing Hercules, possibly one with his mortal side showing rather more than his god side, but able to carry the role with some authority. None of the other male actors in Hercules Conquers Atlantis makes much of an impact, while the female roles suffer from the eras inevitable attitudes. First we meet Deianira, Hercules wife, who despite having been deserted by him for most of their marriage "could more easily light a fire under the sea" than stop loving him. Hercules tells her hes very sorry hes made her suffer, and promises to spend more time with her; a resolution that lasts precisely ninety-five seconds of screentime. As the evil queen, Fay Spain is pretty harshly treated by the script. Antinea could easily have been a complex character, having to choose between sacrificing her daughter and her country, but the soft option is taken by making so consumed with ambition that she is able to order her childs death with merely a shrug. Not surprisingly, however, Antinea is infinitely more memorable  and likeable  than the films "good" girl, Ismene, who whimpers and cries and is useless in a crisis, existing only in order to give the men something to rescue. (There is a remarkably satisfying moment when even Hylas, Hercules wimpy son, gets fed up and snaps, "Quiet, stupid!" at her

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.811352
Retrieved Text: ‘I Swear By All The Flowers’ is the fifth album by this project by Daniel Tuttle, and another one with interesting and captivating sounds. Where the previous album, ‘We waited for a subtle dawn’ was quite diverse in its sound, this album is more of a solid concept, as Daniel expresses it himself. And he is right about that. This album has a more ambient atmosphere, with some sections of slightly denser industrial influence.
The album is both shorter and calmer than its predecessor, and it lacks the heavier percussive parts that were present before. Instead, it focuses on a mixture of white noise, piano, music box melodies, samples, and other effects to create a haunting collection of tracks. Here and there, we hear everyday sounds, decrepit old records, confused female singing, or just people talking.
The combination of these aspects and the fuzzy, gritty sounds lends this album a unique mood. To me, it is as if these are visions and sounds picked up by the ghost of a deceased person, who still lingers somewhere between this world and the next. He or she has some sense of what is happening in the world, and can at times make out things through the mist, but it’s all jumbled and, more importantly, just out of reach. Even childhood memories and pictures of lost innocence drift through the consciousness of the musical protagonist. You can feel the yearning, madness, and grief, and that makes this a beautiful piece of music.
Those emotions were also what I found missing in the

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.167183
Retrieved Text: Last week I talked about how to find happiness this year and whilst re-reading ‘fragments – poems, intimate notes, letters by Marilyn Monroe’ Marilyn’s note from 1955 stood out. It was a list of things that she wanted to make an effort to do. These were Marilyn Monroe New Year resolutions.
Fragments is a collection of written artifacts – notes to herself, letters, poems – in Marilyn’s own handwriting. There are also rarely seen intimate photos of the star. Jotted in notebooks, typed on paper, or written on hotel letterhead, the texts reveal a woman who loved deeply and strove to perfect her craft. They analyse her life, but they are also playful, funny and charming.
By 1955 Marilyn Monroe had filmed five movies including How to Marry a Millionaire, The Seven Year Itch and Some Like It Hot. It has been well documented about her insecurities and motivation to become a famous actress. Her list of New Year’s resolutions would not be out of place today from wanting to improve her acting, to being on time and to take care of her body.
I – keep looking around me-only much more so-observing-but not only myself but others and everything-take things (it) for what they (it’s) are worth.
y – must make strong effort to work on current problems and phobias that out of my past has arisen-making much much more more more more effort in my analysis. And be there always on time-no excuses for being ever late.
try to enjoy myself when I can-I’ll be miserable enough as it

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.776838
Retrieved Text: Anne Baxter: [on Bette Davis' reputation as a difficult star] She never threw a fit without a damned good reason.
"Bette Davis: A Basically Benevolent Volcano" was shown recently on TCM. This is basically an interview with Bette Davis more than a documentary. In it, we get to see the star of so many films talking to the camera about her views on her career and her films. Since it is a candid conversation with Ms. Davis, she seems to be directing her opinions to us, the viewers, on the other side of the room in an intimate way. The narration by Ian Holm makes a good deal of sense, enhancing what we one is watching.
What this interview could have used was a different format in which, in addition to telling us about herself, more emphasis in her career could have been illustrated with film clips that would have had a more comprehensive and cohesion in examining and illustrating her long association with the cinema. As it plays, one only gets to see some of her most obvious achievements, while other films in which she shone are not even mentioned, or are bypassed without an explanation.
We understand the limitations of this format, and the viewer is lucky to catch a fleeting glimpse of the woman who was a down to earth person in the land of make believe. Ms. Davis never lost touch with her Yankee values and no nonsense attitude toward everything she did. In fact, her puritanical background indicates her upbringing and the influence her

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.39991
Retrieved Text: With a vintage flair and voice for the ages, Andra Day has perfected her "retro-pop-soul" sound and is ready to share it with the world. In stores now, her debut album Cheers To The Fall is "a biography in the form of soul music," a candid 13-song tale about "truth, fearlessness, vulnerability, forgiveness and love." Her alluring, powerful alto has inspired comparisons to Amy Winehouse and Adele. The GRAMMY Museum welcomes Day to the Clive Davis Theater for an intimate discussion surrounding her new album, moderated by GRAMMY Foundation Vice President Scott Goldman, followed by a performance by Day.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.241434
Retrieved Text: NO LONGER SELLING TICKETS! HOPE TO SEE YOU NEXT TIME! THERE ARE STILL SEATS IN OUR LEVEL 1 TRAINING IN MARCH WHICH YOU CAN FIND BELOW.
The Art of Connection Valentines Event is a 3-hour workshop designed to offer access to a deeper connection with your partner.
It incorporates the work of Authentic Relating which is a set of practices designed to cultivate intimate, trustable, empowering and nourishing connections and relationships.
This one time Valentine's event is designed to give you and your partner a chance to slip out of routine and add a dose of depth to your connection. In a relaxed and nurturing space, you will be guided in practices that enable depth of connection and understanding, some gentle physical contact, some playful interaction, and some chocolate dipped strawberries! No pressure and no Hallmark card necessary. Just come as you are, with your loved one in tow, and we’ll take care of the rest.
We feel utterly confident that you will walk away with a great experience, some tools to play with later, and a high likelihood of wanting to get even more intimate when you get home. Wink wink!
Come join Jahmaya Kessler, LPC and Laurie Lazar for a memorable Valentines event.
Jahmaya Kessler and Laurie Lazar lead Authentic Relating Courses within the community, for businesses and behind bars in prisons. We have a seasoned co-leadership dynamic, that is playful and polished. Each of us brings a wealth of wisdom and experience to the table. Jahmaya is a Licensed Professional Counselor with a private practice, who has teaching therapeutic

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.616724
Retrieved Text: British soul diva Shirley Davis returns with Europe’s powerhouse funk outfit the Silverbacks for sophomore long player ‘Wishes & Wants’ released on Tucxone Records.
Authentic funk and soul with a dash of Afrobeat, ‘Wishes & Wants’ was written by Davis in tandem with the Silverbacks musical director and lead guitarist Eduardo Martínez, plus song-writer Marc Ibarz, and it’s a welcome new addition to the lineage of classic soul albums defined by the struggle of a black woman in life, love and loss. Says Davis “We write together - they understand my life story and all I’ve been through”.
Released on Tucxone Records, Tucxone is viewed by funk and soul cognoscenti as a European counterpart to New York’s Daptone Records. Despite having only been in existence since 2013, its artists produce some of the best retro-sounding soul, funk, reggae and afrobeat in Europe – with Davis and the Silverbacks leading the charge.
On ‘Wishes & Wants’ the London diva gives everything, her vocals carrying scorned fury, heartfelt longing and joyous celebration. Her voice echoes the greats of soul music such as Marva Whitney - whom Davis has sung for - and Gladys Knight, as well as contemporary artists such as Macy Gray and Sharon Jones – the latter a friend and mentor to Davis and a pivotal figure in her incredible tale.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.982178
Retrieved Text: The Creative Soul: Art and the Quest for Wholeness by Lawrence H. Staples.
ISBN 9780981034447 (ISBN 10: 0981034446) Index, Biblio, 100 pp., 2009.
Who we most deeply are is mirrored in our artistic work. Our need for mirroring simultaneously attracts us to and repels us from our creative callings and relationships. It is one of life's great dilemmas.
Artist's block and lover's block flow from the same pool. Often, we fear deeply the very thing needed to create original art, to experience intimate relationships and to live authentic lives: we are frightened by the impulse to be fully revealed to ourselves, and to others, as this most often entails exposing the unacceptable shadowy aspects of our humanity and risking rejection.
The Creative Soul, along with many other worthy publications can be purchased at the Fisher King Press online bookstore.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.786415
Retrieved Text: Valena Vibe is an innovative networking company with the specific aim of creating authentic and intimate relationships to accelerate your success.
Valena Vibe’s vocation is to develop rich, personalised connections between you and your potential partners, so that you can draw on this unique chemistry to build successful, long-term projects.
VV’s work with a wide range clients in R&D, entrepreneurs, communications, sales, M&A…the list goes on!
With all these clients, Valena Vibe creates responsible, two-way relationships: VV guarantees to establish a solid relational foundation and the client commits to using this foundation to launch their projects.
"Deeply involved with positive energy"
“Valena Vibe is a powerhouse for authentic connections, positive vibes and, most importantly, a launchpad for new and innovative projects."
Discover the vocation of Valena Vibe Networking services, its scope of projects and founder's expertise.
Get a taste of the Authentic Networking events created with VV Club. They bring together select guests from the London and Paris Tech scene to build high-quality connections.
Are you motivated to improve your Networking Skills? VV creates and hosts Networking workshops using interpersonal dynamic to help you solve your challenges.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.543911
Retrieved Text: From the daughter of comedy legend Harold Ramis (and featuring a Foreword by Seth Rogen) comes a hilarious and heartwarming account of his life, work, and legacy. Most of us know Harold Ramis as the writer, director, and actor who brought warmth and humor to the big screen in classics like Animal House, Caddyshack, Ghostbusters, National Lampoon's Vacation, and Groundhog Day. To his daughter, Violet, he was best known as an amazing father, confidant, and friend. In Ghostbuster's Daughter, Violet reflects on the life and legacy of her father, providing readers with an extraordinarily candid and insightful look into the man who helped shape modern American comedy. Funny, endearing, and vulnerable, Ghostbuster's Daughter takes readers into the private life of the American comedy icon, from his humble roots in Chicago and ascension into Hollywood stardom to his personal philosophies on life, love, and filmmaking. While the book offers a comprehensive history of her father's career, Ghostbuster's Daughter also provides a profound homage to their special father-daughter relationship. Violet weaves anecdotes about her father's unique and devoted parenting style among stories of her own unconventional upbringing, creating a vivid and dynamic portrait of the man behind the movies. A distinctly offbeat memoir as well as a charming family story for the ages, Ghostbuster's Daughter is an intimate look at one of America's preeminent comedy filmmakers.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.385145
Retrieved Text: Skylar Drake, the owner of Relate & Revel Coaching, was introduced to me from a business associate here in Denver. We met up for coffee and discussed our lives’ passions, mission, and vision and discovered common interests in serving the human heart. She is passionate about addressing her clients needs when it comes to a lack of confidence and worth in who that authentic self is for them.
Skylar is also passionate about bringing real connection and intimacy to the digital age. Her private coaching and class offerings are designed to help others tackle the mindset and personal roadblocks that would prevent them from enjoying the authentic, empowering, and intimate relationships that they deserve.
The major take aways I learned from my conversation with Skylar Drake are….
6:00- We are (voluntarily) asking people to judge us, and hope they judge us positively.
33:30- Well being is acting in a state of love for yourself!
Skylar is an active member of the Denver entrepreneurial scene and am always exploring new opportunities to connect with like-minded folks; you can find me at soulful networking events, wellness gatherings, happy hours, and anywhere there’s empowering conversation to be had.
Currently, she is reading Big Magic by Elizabeth Gilbert, and just finished White Hot Truth by Danielle Laporte. You can also find her on a trail with my pup Rory or snapping pictures of the gorgeous street art around Denver.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.141047
Retrieved Text: The heartwarming Harold Ramis biography from daughter Violet Ramis Stiel is a must read.
From the daughter of comedy legend Harold Ramis (and featuring a Foreword by Seth Rogen) comes a hilarious and heartwarming account of his life, work, and legacy.
Most of us know Harold Ramis as the writer, director, and actor who brought warmth and humor to the big screen in classics like Animal House, Caddyshack, Ghostbusters, National Lampoon's Vacation, and Groundhog Day. To his daughter, Violet, he was best known as an amazing father, confidant, and friend. In Ghostbuster's Daughter, Violet reflects on the life and legacy of her father, providing readers with an extraordinarily candid and insightful look into the man who helped shape modern American comedy.
Funny, endearing, and vulnerable, Ghostbuster's Daughter takes readers into the private life of the American comedy icon, from his humble roots in Chicago and ascension into Hollywood stardom to his personal philosophies on life, love, and filmmaking. While the book offers a comprehensive history of her father's career, Ghostbuster's Daughter also provides a profound homage to their special father-daughter relationship. Violet weaves anecdotes about her father's unique and devoted parenting style among stories of her own unconventional upbringing, creating a vivid and dynamic portrait of the man behind the movies. A distinctly offbeat memoir as well as a charming family story for the ages, Ghostbuster's Daughter is an intimate look at one of America's preeminent comedy filmmakers.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.895494
Retrieved Text: In deep political trouble in Texas, Wendy Davis goes for her guns.
Texas Democrat Wendy Davis has had a very awkward few weeks in her bid to become the Governor of Texas, and her seemingly recent conversion to being a gun rights activist doesn’t seem to be winning her any converts.
For those of you who don’t follow Texas state politics, Davis shot to stardom among liberal Democrats last year for an eleven-hour filibuster of Texas Senate Bill 5, a bill which stopped late term (20+ weeks) abortion, recognized that the state had a compelling interest in protecting the unborn from pain, and required abortion clinics meet the standards of other surgical health care facilities, among other issues (we’re not here to debate that, just providing background).
Davis announced her candidacy for governor in October, but in the past few weeks her campaign has all but imploded from a series of scandals, including claims that she fabricated parts of her life story, to revelations that her campaign staff mocked her wheelchair-bound opponent.
Perhaps in an effort to boost her sagging support as a liberal extremist (4th most liberal voting record) in a “red” state, Texas Democrats are now trying to claim that Davis is a gun rights supporter.
A photo op showed an uncomfortable-looking Davis receiving a shotgun that belong to former Texas governor Ann Richards.
This symbolic passing of the torch shotgun was not warmly received in Texas, nor did it come across as especially believable. The photo-op was awkward and contrived, and earned Davis only more mockery.
Davis has said she

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.393154
Retrieved Text: It is commonly assumed that capitalism has created an a-emotional world dominated by bureaucratic rationality; that economic behavior conflicts with intimate, authentic relationships; that the public and private spheres are irremediably opposed to each other; and that true love is opposed to calculation and self-interest.
Eva Illouz rejects these conventional ideas and argues that the culture of capitalism has fostered an intensely emotional culture in the workplace, in the family, and in our own relationship to ourselves. She argues that economic relations have become deeply emotional, while close, intimate relationships have become increasingly defined by economic and political models of bargaining, exchange, and equity. This dual process by which emotional and economic relationships come to define and shape each other is called emotional capitalism. Illouz finds evidence of this process of emotional capitalism in various social sites: self-help literature, women's magazines, talk shows, support groups, and the Internet dating sites. How did this happen? What are the social consequences of the current preoccupation with emotions? How did the public sphere become saturated with the exposure of private life? Why does suffering occupy a central place in contemporary identity? How has emotional capitalism transformed our romantic choices and experiences? Building on and revising the intellectual legacy of critical theory, this book addresses these questions and offers a new interpretation of the reasons why the public and the private, the economic and the emotional spheres have become inextricably intertwined.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.354965
Retrieved Text: Serenade Sessions is excited to present Ira Wolf and Jonah Sissoyev for an evening of music and merriment! Enjoy this intimate outdoor concert while the Portland weather is still beautiful. Seasonal small plates and local beverages available for purchase.
Hailing from the mountains of Montana, and making a home in Nashville, TN, Ira Wolf's music and writing connects with audiences on a deeply personal and intimate level through melancholy vocals and vulnerably honest lyrics. With three studio albums to share, Ira has performed on stages across the U.S., parts of the UK, Scandinavia, Southeast Asia, Australia, and New Zealand since she began touring in 2014. Her second album 'Honest' received an overwhelmingly positive response after its release in March, 2016, racking up more than 10 million plays on Spotify in its first year.
Ira spent much of 2016 promoting the sophomore album on tour in a 1988 VW Vanagon, performing and climbing mountains across a majority of the U.S. She maintains a busy tour schedule, both inside the states and internationally, and is currently promoting her latest album 'The Closest Thing To Home'.
Serenade your senses and let these talented musicians whisk you away.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.170593
Retrieved Text: Nico Therin is a Los Angeles based French photographer. For as long as he can remember, he has been attracted to form and color, but it wasn’t until he moved from France to the United States to follow his exchange student high school sweetheart that he entertained the idea of studying photography. Through photography, he has been allowed to capture intimate and colorful moments and consider himself lucky to have shared these moments with his subjects. His inspiration comes from familiar fragments of everyday life; those recognizable experiences that connect us. He searches for these moments oftentimes in places that he's not familiar with, and the more he collects and experiences, the more he feels attached to the world around him. For personal projects, he's generally drawn towards underrepresented communities, where he takes a collaborative approach with his subjects to celebrate them, most often through movement and proximity. Resources: Nico Therin Mark Katzman Momenta Photographic Workshops Focus on the Story Photography Festival The Candid Frame Newsletter The Candid Frame Alexa Skill Lessons from the Street eBook by Ibarionex Making Photographs: Developing a Personal Visual Workflow The Candid Frame Flickr Pool The Candid Frame YouTube Channel Download the free Candid Frame app for your favorite smart device. Click here to download for iOS. Click here to download for Android Support the work we do at The Candid Frame with contributing to our Patreon effort. You can do this by visiting patreon.com/thecandidframe or visiting the website and clicking on the Patreon button. You can also provide a one-time

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.100388
Retrieved Text: While I was sitting out on my friend’s back porch the other day, I knew I had struck gold. The two of us were deep in conversation about my recent campus visit when I started to realize that I was being adopted as a mentee. While I gave a play-by-play account of the meetings, presentations, and dinners with potential colleagues, she listened attentively, offered praise, and rolled her eyes at all the right moments. This person is not just a friend, but a new colleague who has, on her own account, put time and effort into my professional development over the past year.
In a way, this person and I arrived at the department at the same time. In August 2017, I transitioned from graduate student to temporary faculty member and she arrived as a tenure-track Assistant Professor in French. As a newcomer, she granted me the collegial respect that – I imagine – is harder for former professors and committee members to accord.
As a short-term Lecturer, the department did not arrange any type of mentorship for me. I assume this is due to the transience of my position and the expectation that my thesis advisor would continue to work closely with me. The latter proved true, in part. When I have questions about interviews, campus visits, and publishing, I text or email my advisor, who is happy to respond with careful counsel. However, knowing that she has two other advisees and a rigorous research agenda of her own, I understand that she might not want me

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.999184
Retrieved Text: From the author of the hit journals The 52 Lists Project and 52 Lists for Happiness, comes a home design book that helps you discover how to style your home for a deeper sense of comfort. Part self-help, part memoir, part décor inspiration, fans of Moorea Seal will love this book for its warm voice and candid exploration of what it means to create a comfortable home. Organized room by room, each chapter delves into what each room represents in our lives, and how we can feel at home in our spaces and at home in ourselves. What you won't find? Strict design solutions. This isn't about a prescribed style. Instead, Make Yourself at Home will help you find which expression feels most authentic to you through color palates, interior design modes, conversation prompts, essays, approachable DIY projects and more. You don't have to have the perfect life or perfect home in order to infuse your space with your signature spark and feel relaxed in your space. Each chapter includes: · A personal essay from online curator and style maven Moorea Seal. · Exclusive looks into her home and office spaces with tips for inspired, mindful living. · Two on-trend, beginner-friendly DIY projects to personalize and decorate your home on a budget. · Intimate looks into the homes and inspiring lives of a diverse set of creative women, with their best tips and tricks for comfortable, imaginative decor.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.790668
Retrieved Text: With an innovative blend of jazz, soul, folk, and cabaret, “Bridges” is a stunning collection of sultry standards and soulful original compositions, all arranged by the Oakland-based Forkish and backed by an impressive array of studio musicians.
With an innovative blend of jazz, soul, folk, and cabaret, “Bridges” is a stunning collection of sultry standards and soulful original compositions, all arranged by the Oakland-based Forkish and backed by an impressive array of studio musicians. Building on the intimate, confessional lyrics and memorable melodies of Forkish’s acclaimed first album, "Between You and Me”, “Bridges” adds new layers and sounds to Forkish’s repertoire. The album is aptly named, as Forkish’s work—from the songwriting to the arranging to the performing—spans genres and generations, connecting classic elements to contemporary approaches. The sound is mature yet playful, romantic yet raw, as Forkish’s rich voice glides through harmonies, lingering low and soaring high. Forkish is a storyteller, and her bold lyrics touch on everything from new romance (opening track “Adrenaline”) to resisting sexual violence (“Solidarity”). Meticulously selected covers range from a bossanova-esque take on “I Could Have Danced All Night” to an uptempo version of Steven Stills’ still-relevant “For What It’s Worth”. Forkish is at ease with fuller, multi-instrument arrangements (“No More Blues”) as well as ones that are stripped down to just piano or guitar (“Adrenaline”). Either way, all twelve tracks on “Bridges” feel innovative and new yet rooted in classical jazz sensibilities.
“Bridges” is a sophisticated sophomore effort that represents a mature, bold and passionate artist. Lisa Forkish is truly an ‘artist

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.65922
Retrieved Text: K. Michelle: My Life. Much like you would expect, K turns up at times throughout the show when she feels somebody has wronged her (we enjoy the no fucks given entertainment); but as a follow-up to her “Maybe I Should Call” released yesterday, she slows things down for an intimate affair in “Love ‘Em All.” After you enjoy the galore of eye candy from the Memphis 10-a-KEY songstress above, look for the release of her sophomore effort AWBAH (Anybody Wanna Buy a Heart?), set to arrive this December 9th.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.639553
Retrieved Text: Captured is Sophomore Sofia Calderon shaking her head slowly so the camera can capture an unusual portrait that mimic’s Avedon’s style.
Caught candid Sophomore Grey Pair looks away from the camera, the placement right in the center is similar to Avedon’s models.
Sophomore Justin Brown glances at the camera and a shadow casts over the left side of his face to mimic the dramatic lighting.
Sophomore Sofia Calderon slightly sifts her head forward to capture and mimic the multi-dimensional portraits.
Sophomore Luke Lopez throws his shirt over his shoulder to mimic the movement in Avedon’s portraits.
Sophomore Savannah Walkers leans in to frame with a stern expression as dramatic lighting hits the left side of her face. This photo was inspired by Avedon’s movement portraits.
Sophomores Justin Brown and Penelope Martinez pose to mimic the Avedon’s Marilyn & Arthur Miller couple pictures.
Sophomore Anna Herndon models as the Rembrandt lighting softly grazes the left side of her face.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.544336
Retrieved Text: Robyn Cage LIVE at Zinc Bistro & Wine Bar 8:30pm-11:30pm Robyn Cage’s powerhouse vocals and impassioned live performances have enthralled audiences nationwide, from Boston’s Symphony Hall, to thousands at outdoor festivals, to the prestigious and intimate singer-songwriter circuit in NYC. Born in the Utah desert, she went on to study at The Boston Conservatory and become an accomplished actress in NYC, where her performances earned praise from The New York Times and Variety. When Robyn came to a crucial turning point in her life, she migrated back to her desert birthplace and was creatively and soulfully reawakened as an alternative-pop artist with an entrancing and authentic artistic sensibility. Her debut album Born in the Desert (2015) was named one of the 35 Top Albums of 2015 by I’m Music Magazine and topped the list of 25 Best New Music Critiques of 2015 by Music Connection Magazine. ​Currently, Cage is touring with The Airplane Family (alumni of Jefferson Airplane, Jefferson Starship, Hot Tuna, and The Grateful Dead) singing the Grace Slick repertoire. Sophomore album Slow The Devil out now.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.364529
Retrieved Text: Smiling faces, witty one-liners, political jousting, bumper sticker wisdom, and emotional constipation. Welcome to Facebook!
You’ll notice my profile picture isn’t the one of me in my pajamas leaning over the bathroom sink plucking my eyebrows. It’s also not the one of me completely frazzled, cleaning up dog vomit on the stairs, late to a friend’s wedding. And, it’s not the one of me scarfing down too many brownies when I think no one is watching.
Nope, that’s not what Facebook is for. It’s for happy, perky, sarcastic banter, and photos that say, “my life is GOOOOD”. It’s for showing my best while pretending it’s just what my life looks like on any ol’ day.
My profile picture was taken just after having those pesky grey hairs covered, in my favorite green shirt, in the best lighting, in a beautiful park, by a gal with a fabulous camera. Doesn’t that sound like I was going for authentic and genuine? Ah, no. It sounds like pretense.
There’s nothing innately wrong with not wanting to look like a hobo for my new website photos. But, perhaps it would be more honest if I posted an eyebrow plucking, brownie over-indulging photo from time to time.
What would Maskbook…er, um, I mean Facebook look like if we all decided to tell the truth about who we are? Letting the reality of our lives be exposed, frees up emotions and places in our hearts that were long since bound.
I realize Facebook probably isn’t the place to completely lay our souls bare. It can be unsafe. We

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.360924
Retrieved Text: Ramonda Hammer is a Los Angeles grunge-pop quartet who's band name comes from a lady featured on the former television show Cheaters. That show, in and of itself, represents how front-woman and band founder Devin Davis views life - it’s a mix of sad and funny, some people learn and some people don’t, and we take what we can to do what we can. In her songwriting, Davis plays with quirky chord progressions, time signature and tempo changes, and dynamic, biting vocal melodies - akin to many of the alternative and grunge bands that made an impact in the 90s.
Heart-shaped rock from Portland and Los Angeles.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.294329
Retrieved Text: According to the Douglas County School District, 33 teachers have left Ponderosa High School over the past three years.
Two students tired of the turnover have organized an online petition asking for support for a protest at the school during the day on Wednesday.
“It came to the point where something needed to be done about it,” said Grace Davis, who’s a sophomore at Ponderosa High School.
“When we saw that Jefferson County did it, we’re like ‘well why can’t we do it,’” said Bailey Conrad, who’s a junior at Ponderosa High School.
Davis and Conrad spent the better part of a week to organize a peaceful protest at the school demanding the answer to one simple question, why are all of our teachers leaving?
Denver7 spoke with Douglas County Schools Superintendent Liz Fagen who said the district is working to keep the best teachers and will support the efforts of those who leave the district for better personal opportunities.
Fagen said the district reached out to Davis and Conrad to discuss differences and help resolve any issues before they turned to a public protest. Fagen said the district's offer was declined by the two girls.
“We’re interested in what each and every student, staff member, parent thinks, the concerns that they have and we have a lot of great people here ready to help resolve those issues,” said Fagen.
Davis said she isn’t interested in talking with the district until she’s had a chance to hear from all of the teachers and students who attend the protest. Davis said she’s only interested in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.22242
Retrieved Text: This illuminating, comprehensive documentary focuses on the life and work of Jean-Michel Basquiat, an African-American painter who rose to fame at the age of 23 in 1983 and died of a drug overdose 5 years later. His artworks were groundbreaking at the time because he externalized his political and social views so uniquely and poetically, even when it came to his graffiti art. The paintings and graffiti works were expressionistic and combined pop culture in such a way that highlighted his brilliance as a visionary, talented artist. Not everyone appreciated the value of his artworks right away, though---in fact, MoMA rejected his paintings for their gallery at the time. Nonetheless, Basquiat continued to paint and to gain fame while becoming friends with Andy Warhol who, in many ways, became like a fatherly figure to him and offered him support. Director Tamra Davis blends intimate, revealing interview footage of Basquiat, her good friend, as well as candid interviews with a wide variety of individuals who knew him: curators, art dealers, gallery owners, artists and even his former girlfriend, Suzanne Mallouk. The archival, never-before-seen interviews with Basquiat show how articulate, intelligent, impassioned, honest, humble and charismatic he was both as an artist and as a human being. Basquiat explains how he dropped out of high school, ran away from home, and, while homeless, he walked around the streets of New York sometimes for a few days without sleeping. He could still paint while others watched him, but he worked much more efficiently whenever he worked alone. Davis essentially

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.955444
Retrieved Text: Awsten Knight would rather be cool than be a star. Fortunately, his band of ADD-addled pop-rock marauders have the songs and the disposition to have it both ways. The erratic but loveable frontman gets candid about Waterparks’ not-so-overnight success (despite what the haters might think), why he’s over dudes being pleasantly surprised by their music and the reason the band wasted no time releasing their sophomore album.
Also this month: Tonight Alive’s Jenna McDougall has always exuded an aura of extreme positivity and confidence. Now, she’s ready to tell the truth. In her interview with AltPress, she’s frank about the health problems that have affected her life in recent years—and the eating disorder she developed because of them. She’s sharing her reality, in the hopes that knowledge might help others, as well as accelerate her own personal healing. Plus, Frank Iero of the Patience discusses roasting his fans, reflecting on tragedy and revealing his feelings on the “R” word.
And don’t forget: This month marks the debut issue of our new format print magazine. It’s a bigger size, with nicer paper and richer photography in an effort to create the truly collectable book our community deserves. Check it out!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.917822
Retrieved Text: One day I decided to stop lying to my children about what they were eating. I use to always sneak in a little hemp hearts or cod liver oil or whatever my newest fad food was at the time. I started to wonder if this practice may have been hurting them more than helping. I thought about this deeply and realized that it may not be serving me. By lying about their food I was sending them the message that I didn’t trust them to want to nourish their bodies. I was also creating a relationship of distrust in such an intimate way. Food is something that we put inside our bodies. How could I be all gung-ho for food labelling yet not allow my children to know what they were eating?!?!? I’m amazed by my own level of narrow minded thinking but we grow and learn better, right?
We are actually coming to a place where the previously hidden ingredients are now prized treasures. My daughter often asks if something is good for her as she knows the value of it. My son looks up recipes for new healthy things to try. He can be heard saying such things into google search as “heallllthy marshhhhhhmalllllows.”. I believe that this honesty has improved our relationships (and our lives) in so many ways. I feel like I can openly talk about what I am fermenting and making with it and they are interested and happy to try it, most of the time. They are still human though and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.897148
Retrieved Text: TDR has locked arms with industry leaders, corporate trained, and innovative entrepreneurs to support a hand full of leaders ready to emerge and serve on a greater level. This opportunity is not for startups without 15+ years in a specific industry. This is a very specific opportunity for corporate leaders or professionals with years of experience and expertise and training in their career and background, looking to build a solid platform, product or service, or expand their current assortment to include consulting, retreats, or public speaking, training, and development to the list.
TDR has always had a sweet spot in her heart for women and our evolution but there is a burning desire to use the resources and information that she has been exposed to in order to help other solid women of excellence and leadership; and create opportunities to grow beyond their everyday reach.
A huge component in working with TDR is she values intimate experiences. She would rather go deep than go wide, which is extremely rare in this industry because exposure is critical to growth as an entrepreneur but our philosophy proves that what you can attract with your authentic gifts and obedience far exceeds the exhaustion that comes with the traditional marketing and exposure methods.
My latest experience with Ms. Oprah Winfrey at a surprise watch party in Atlanta couldn’t serve as a more powerful, authentic, and humbling example of what can happen when you focus on your path and process. We believe that there are opportunities that are simply so huge that you CANNOT

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.873987
Retrieved Text: Hi, I’m Cradoc Bagshaw. I am happy to be part of LHSA because of the amount of energy around Leicas. If it weren’t for Leicas I would not be nearly as happy of a photographer as I am right now.
For years I was a photojournalist, who worked for magazines, newspapers, and did a lot of corporate work. Then I wanted out of it. I started developing software for photographers and those programs set me free financially. I could shoot the black-and-white pictures that I wanted, and didn’t have to worry about income.
1. Get a comfortable pair of shoes.
If you want to be a photographer, my first tip to you is get a comfortable pair of shoes because you’re going to be walking a lot.
2. Look for special relationships between people.
Street photography for most people, including me, is usually a moment, a grab shot. It’s something that says funny or interesting, and often doesn’t go beyond that. I’ve noticed that by looking for special relationships between people, I can make a photograph that goes beyond that simple statement. A simple statement might be this picture of Elvis, or a wanna be Elvis. He’s weird, and that’s the statement. The implication in that picture is that you know who Elvis is, but the entire story isn’t in the picture it’s just a phrase, it’s just a word.
But in this picture of a woman walking in front of the window in Prague, there is an ideal of the portrait in the window, and there’s the reality of who we

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.858961
Retrieved Text: In the summer of 2000, David Hlavsa and his wife Lisa Holtby embarked on a pilgrimage. After trying for three years to conceive a child and suffering through the monthly cycle of hope and disappointment, they decided to walk the Camino de Santiago, a joint enterprise—and an act of faith—they hoped would strengthen their marriage and prepare them for parenthood.
Though walking more than 400 miles across the north of Spain turned out to be more difficult than they had anticipated, after a series of misadventures, including a brief stay in a Spanish hospital, they arrived in Santiago. Shortly after their return to Seattle, Lisa became pregnant, and the hardships of the Camino were no comparison to what followed: the stillbirth of their first son and Lisa’s harrowing second pregnancy.
Walking Distance is a moving and disarmingly funny book, a good story with a happy ending—the safe arrival of David and Lisa’s second son, Benjamin. David and Lisa get more than they bargained for, but they also get exactly what they wanted: a child, a solid marriage, and a richer life.
David Hlavsa heads the Theatre Arts Program at Saint Martin’s University, where he has been teaching acting, directing, and playwriting since 1989.
Beautifully written. Moving, elegant, funny, and deeply human.
Walking Distance is funny, compelling, and familiar. You care about the characters (adorably flawed, both of them), and you want to know what is going to happen to them. And what does happen to them is life—not an easy life, but real life. The story has all the elements of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.832203
Retrieved Text: Kristen Kiraly is an award-winning documentary filmmaker turned wedding and brand cinematographer. Her passion for telling authentic and timeless stories is evident in all of her work, whether it be the intimate wedding films she captures or the way she tells engaging stories to highlight a brand’s mission.
Kristen earned a master’s degree in documentary journalism from NYU and a bachelor’s from Colgate University, where she served as captain of the cross country and track teams (Go ‘Gate!). As a professional filmmaker, she has traveled extensively helping to produce over thirty televised documentaries, and has been awarded one of the nation’s most prestigious recognitions for broadcast journalism, the Alfred I. duPont award. Kristen now takes the same unobtrusive and unscripted approach in capturing the love and emotion, in all of the little and big moments, on her couples’ wedding days.
Kristen Kiraly Films is based in New York and Los Angeles.
I am all about real moments- those emotional steps before you see your love for the first time, the candid laughs and kisses, and the big moments that you planned so long for. My goal is to create a story-driven wedding film that truly reflects all of the love and happiness of your wedding day.
You have lots of options when you choose Kristen Kiraly Films. There are three collections with cinematic films ranging from 5 to 13 minutes in length. Each collection comes with two filmmakers and a 1-minute trailer shared shortly after your wedding (I’m always so excited to start editing, so within days you can relive

================



======= Instance Index 24 =========
Input Text: it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.90537
Retrieved Text: 'Revenger' is a Korean Netflix martial arts movie.
As silly as the plot and comedic interludes are, at least the movie has a plot: I tried to watch "The Night Comes for Us" on Netflix a while back and gave up in disgust. That movie consists entirely of an endless number of people being hacked to pieces (with huge amounts of blood) as they either defend or try to kill a little girl: that's it.
One of the most important things in a martial arts movie is the fight choreography: in this case it's fairly good, and the fights are shot in long takes (which is also good, because it means they're not editing out mistakes and you can see what's happening). It's a bad movie, but fans of the martial arts may find it enjoyable.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.09317
Retrieved Text: Professor Robert Shiller: Today's lecture is about portfolio diversification and about supporting financial institutions, notably mutual funds. It's actually kind of a crusade of mine — I believe that the world needs more portfolio diversification. That might sound to you a little bit odd, but I think it's absolutely true that the same kind of cause that Emmett Thompson goes through, which is to help the poor people of the world, can be advanced through portfolio diversification — I seriously mean that. There are a lot of human hardships that can be solved by diversifying portfolios. What I'm going to talk about today applies not just to comfortable wealthy people, but it applies to everyone. It's really about risk. When there's a bad outcome for anyone, that's the outcome of some random draw. When people get into real trouble in their lives, it's because of a sequence of bad events that push them into unfortunate positions and, very often, financial risk management is part of the thing that prevents that from happening.
The first — let me go — I want to start this lecture with some mathematics. It's a continuation of the second lecture, where I talked about the principle of dispersal of risk. I want now to carry that forward into something a little bit more focused on the portfolio problem. I'm going to start this lecture with a discussion of how one constructs a portfolio and what are the mathematics of it. That will lead us into the capital asset pricing model, which is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.002987
Retrieved Text: Kristen Wiig arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of "Despicable Me 2" held at Universal CityWalk on June 22, 2013.
Kristen Wiig is trying to deal with the fact that she's always expected to be 'on.' The comic actress and "Saturday Night Live" vet has made a name for herself with outlandish characters and hilarious writing, but she's actually quite shy and reserved when she's not on the clock. Unfortunately, when promoting a massive animated film like "Despicable Me 2," that's not very often.
"I mean, in an interview situation I am aware that I'm being recorded and written about, so there’s a kind of a persona you have to bring out a little bit," she admits. "I find that people who interview me expect probably more of a comedic personality than in real life."
Wrestling with those perceptions has perhaps gotten easier now that she's left "SNL," where she became a standout over seven seasons with crazy characters like the Target Lady. She even enjoyed a touching kind of send-off — with each cast member and creator Lorne Michaels dancing with her during a final sketch — most other retiring "SNL" actors don't enjoy.
With a year's time now between Wiig and her tearful farewell from "SNL," she admits she's finally getting used to not being on the sketch comedy mainstay. "I do miss it," she admits. "It's getting easier now because they're on [summer] hiatus. I don't imagine what they're doing — not in a creepy way, but just ... . It was such a big part of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.952774
Retrieved Text: It's hard to think of a road comedy that equals or beats Martin Brest's Midnight Run (1988), his less successful but more entertaining follow-up to 1984's massively popular Beverly Hills Cop. Written by George Gallo with pitch-perfect lead performances by Robert De Niro and Charles Grodin (and a deeply talented roster of supporting actors), it's an effortlessly enjoyable romp that's aged incredibly well during the last 28 years. Featuring a fantastic script, loads of laughs, no shortage of quotable lines, a few twists and turns, and an obvious respect for its characters and audience, Midnight Run serves up a first-rate adventure that's just as enjoyable after a dozen or more viewings.
The story goes like this: ex-cop and reluctant bounty hunter Jack Walsh (De Niro), currently working with sleazy bail bondsman Eddie Moscone (Joe Pantoliano, naturally), has just been offered the deal of his career: capture Jonathan "The Duke" Mardukas (Grodin), an accountant who embezzled and gave away $15 million from Chicago mob boss Jimmy Serrano (the late, great Dennis Farina), and haul him back to L.A. for an easy $100,000. He's got five days to do it...and even with the FBI (led by agent Alonzo Mosely, played by Yaphet Kotto) on Mardukas' trail---not to mention Serrano's henchman, who are willing to pay Walsh a lot more---he tracks down and handcuffs "The Duke" in less than half the time. But it's the return trip that proves to be Walsh's biggest challenge: aside from the FBI and Serrano's men, he's also got to deal with rival bounty hunter

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.425392
Retrieved Text: ABC puts a nice finishing touch on its comedy dominance of Wednesday nights with this week's addition of "Suburgatory," a genuinely funny and immediately likable sitcom premiering right after "The Middle" and right before "Modern Family." That's not only a trifecta of laughs, but a trifecta of really smart laughs.
Created and written by Emily Kapnek ("Hung"), the show is about a single dad (Jeremy Sisto) who, after finding a box of condoms in his teenage daughter's room, worries that raising Tessa (Jane Levy) in New York exposes her to too many potentially bad influences. Acting on naively misguided parental panic, George quickly packs the two of them off to the supposedly tamer suburbs. Tessa's reaction is less than joyful: "A boxful of rubbers landed me in a town full of plastic."
It's a small miracle how much basic exposition and out-and-out funny dialogue Kapnek packs into the show's 21 minutes. You feel so many other shows laboring to impart a boatload of telling details in premiere episodes as writers try to give you everything they think you need to know to watch again next week. Kapnek, abetted by a great cast in both the lead and supporting roles, and sleek direction by co-producer Michael Fresco, makes it look ridiculously easy and hooks you in five minutes. There is a voiceover narration, by Tessa, but even that is written so well, it doesn't feel like the thinly veiled pedantry of many other voiceovers.
The real miracle, though is that Kapnek manages to make a show that is both satiric

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.2116
Retrieved Text: "A rose by any other name..." maybe should have been in the forefront of the production team's mind throughout the making of this fairly fun British action film. Because it would have smelled a lot sweeter to me if it hadn't had The Sweeney plastered all over it.
Let's make one thing clear - a Sweeney film, as in an interpretation/reimagining/whatever of the original 1970s TV series this ain't. Sure, they have the names - Regan, Carter, Haskins - but other than the appropriation of one of the series' most classic lines ("Get your trousers on, you're nicked!") this has little to do with John Thaw's Flying Squad. And that's its biggest problem, it never really shakes what it could have been.
And that's a shame because on its own merits, it's fairly entertaining. A bombastic opening sequence sets its stall early, with Regan (Ray Winstone) and Carter (Ben Drew, aka musician Plan B) bursting through the wall during a gold heist, all guns blazing. It's clear what you're in for and, mostly, keeps up the high-octane action throughout.
The plot itself seems to think it's cleverer than it is, with the audience frequently reaching the inevitable conclusion of the mystery long before our alleged supercops. It starts with an execution of a seemingly innocent bystander during a jewellery shop raid, leading our team on a merry chase with an internal investigation breathing down its neck. If anything, it's a bit too overfull, with the primary criminal baddies, the secondary police baddies, the disgracing and redemption of a title

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.200706
Retrieved Text: Welcome To The North (Benvenuti al nord) is an Italian film and the sequel to Welcome To The South. After returning to Milan, Alberto recruits Mattia to come and work at the postal headquarters in the city. However, with a brand-new postal initiative swamping them both at work, they struggle to save time for the most important people in their lives.
Given how much of a smash hit Welcome To The South was, following up in similarly spectacular fashion was always going to be difficult for Welcome To The North, however the original’s infectiously funny sense of humour was a reason to look forward to more misadventures.
In the end, Welcome To The North, while a perfectly enjoyable addition to the original, really lacks the same heart and depth that the first film stand out so much, and although it features a good few laughs here and there, it still doesn’t quite have that chaotically funny brand of comedy that left me laughing from start to finish last time out.
Let’s start off on that point, because there is still a lot to laugh at here, even if it isn’t quite on the riotously funny level of its predecessor. With a good basis of likable and energetic characters, the film gets off to an equally enjoyable start as the last one, poking its nose into every little cultural clash between the Italian north and south and blowing it up to ridiculous proportions as we see the southerners as the fish out of water this time.
If you’ve seen the first

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.670536
Retrieved Text: “More daddies, more laughs” seems to be the theory behind 2017’s Daddy’s Home 2, as it doubles the number of fathers on display. In the original film, Brad Whitaker (Will Ferrell) overcame a threat from his stepkids’ biological dad Dusty Mayron (Mark Wahlberg) and the two eventually became pals/good co-fathers.
A new challenge arises when the holidays approach and both their dads come to visit. This means Dusty deals with his alpha male pop Kurt (Mel Gibson) while Brad integrates his sunny, overly chipper old man Don (John Lithgow).
At the end of the first film, Dusty remarried and got a stepdaughter of his own. The movie teased that he’d go through the same experience Brad dealt with, as the story ended with the introduction of Roger (John Cena), a bigger, cooler version of Dusty.
As such, one might expect Home 2 to trace that path, which would’ve led to a semi-remake of the original movie. I’m glad Home 2 avoids that predictable trend and branches into a different thread.
That’s about it in terms of “creativity”, as the rest of Home 2 follows resolutely predictable elements – and even the notion of the granddads lacks originality. Crud, Home 2 wasn’t even the first 2017 holiday movie to examine the impact of grandparents on the season, as A Bad Moms Christmas tackled similar territory.
Like the first Home, the sequel offers a collection of comedic gags in search of story and character development. Brad remains the same naif he always was, and Dusty hews close to that direction, as the second

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.96585
Retrieved Text: The Inbetweeners is easily one of my favourite television comedies, capturing the awkward vibe of teenage life and blending it superbly with a hilarious wit. So although I'm inevitably saddened by the third series drawing the show to a closure, the big screen adaptation is here to give our hysterical quartet a satisfying write off, and believe me, you fans certainly won't feel short changed.
Having left sixth form, the lads Jay (James Buckley), Simon (Joe Thomas), Neil (Blake Harrison) and Will (Simon Bird) depart for a two week clunge-tastic holiday in Malia, Crete. But things don't go according to plan as the chances of them getting laid by four generous girls they repeatedly encounter begin to deteriorate, causing them to turn on each other unsurprisingly and stir up pure madness in the process.
The Inbetweeners Movie truly is a delight for those who adore the television series; yes, in some parts the gags are of extremely bad taste, and it doesn't possess the same level of wit as it's small screen counterpart, but there's going to be a plethora of moments where fans will feel right at home. The characters are their usual, socially inept selves, causing pure teenage mayhem wherever they set foot and managing to turn a basic conversation into a dramatic and equally comedic nightmare. Though the age certificate may suggest otherwise, it's a tad more crude than the show in some respects (you will see for yourself), and it never feels watered down to simply attract a wider audience.
In terms of story, there

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.338085
Retrieved Text: "It's wonderful to know I'm going to make somebody feel better..."
Dr. Stephen P. Hardy is a board-certified plastic surgeon who has been serving the Missoula community for nearly 20 years. He makes patient safety and high-quality treatment his priorities. Dr. Hardy's philosophy is to treat you as he would his own family.
I'm Dr. Stephen Hardy. I'm a plastic surgeon at Northwest Plastic Surgery here in Missoula, Montana. I've been practicing here for 18 years. Prior to coming to Missoula, I was on the faculty at the University of Wisconsin in Madison, Wisconsin, for about five and a half years. And prior to that, I was on the faculty at Columbia University in New York City for approximately two years. I think the most important thing with every patient is act as though that person were your sister, your wife, your brother, your parent, your child whether in the office or in the operating room. The basic concept is that we want to allow people to feel better about themselves. The other concept then is safety. So the combination of being kind, compassionate, and safe, and you really can't go wrong. I love every day of my work, and it's a wonderful feeling to know that I'm going to go in every day and either fix something or make somebody feel better because I'm going to correct something that's really been bothering somebody. I just love working with people. It's fun every day, every time I open the door and talk with a patient. I could stay

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.334217
Retrieved Text: That's what I love about JJBA, though.
Just when you think it can't get any weirder, it does.
And now that think about it, since Dio stole Jonathan's body, that bone that he gave to Pucci is Jonathan's bone. That would explain why the baby had the Joestar birthmark.
Damn I love this series.
So I came back to this thread to say I just watched all six episodes of the Gunbuster OVA.
Wow. That was awesome. It started off pretty mellow with not much action going on, but by episode 5 it reaches levels on par with Gurren Lagann. Made by the same guys, after all. And the main character, Noriko, went through the same type of character development that Simon would go through. Starts off as a crybaby who gets bullied by her high school peers, ends up as a courageous hero remembered even thousands of years later. In just six episodes.
Oh, and Norio Wakamoto was in it voicing a major supporting character, so that's a huge plus.
Yeah, I loved it. Definitely gonna watch the sequel after this.
So, on a whim I decided to start watching the Macross franchise.
I'm up to episode 11 of Super Dimension Fortress Macross. So far I'm enjoying the fact that ace customs don't seem to be quite as prevalent as in most 'Real Robot' anime, and the focus on the fact that the standard mechs, the Valkyries, spend most of their time in their 'fighter jet' modes. It's pretty enjoyable overall, and I plan to continue through the franchise.
The characters haven't really done much

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.231697
Retrieved Text: Pathfinder Campaign Setting: Construct Handbook is intended for use with the Pathfinder campaign setting, but it can be easily adapted to any fantasy world.
Kill your PCs -- with SCIENCE!
...or horrible robots with chainsaws, which is a decent proxy for science.
So, this is a GM-focused book, but with a bit of PC material. The first three chapters are fairly quick, covering general construct construction, archetypes, and magic items. By and large, this section is decent but not exceptional. A few good archetypes (I particularly like the Construct Caller Summoner and the Voice of Brigh Bard), some interesting items (an Automaton Core is a minor artifact with actual methods for PCs or NPCs to get, if they're not very nice), and a bunch of golem manuals.
The meat of the book is the fourth and final chapter, which occupies 2/3rds of the page count. And this has some beauties.
First up are the Automatons, which are my new favorite thing in Pathfinder. Short version, in ancient days the Jistka Imperium was waning, and so as a way to preserve it some of the elders of the Imperium started uploading their citizens minds into thaumaturgical robots. Thus you have the living constructs known as Automatons, ranging from the adorable and familiar-grabbable Familiar Automaton to the mountain-shredding CR 20 Master Automaton. These guys have everything. Imposing stat-lines, gorgeous art, fascinating backstories, oodles of plot-hooks... you want it, you got it.
There are a bunch of new robots, golems, and clockworks. The stand-out here is the CR 17 Gladiator Robot, which is what happens

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.207155
Retrieved Text: "Silicon compound superconducts at room temperature"
Am I mis-remembering, or did Internet Explorer formerly produce more helpful error messages than this one when failing to connect to a website? Is this another IE7 "feature"? Why would you display the exact same error message for no network connectivity, a DNS failure, and a site that doesn't respond?
Given that it's trivially easy to distinguish each of these three from the other cases, why not at least tell me which is actually the problem?
L. U. A. That spells Moon!
As I mentioned previously, I've been working with Lua recently. I'm really enjoying it. I'd place Lua somewhere slightly to the right of Tcl on my Programming Language Complexity Chart, which probably explains why I found it so immediately appealing.
For purposes of this discussion, we're going to ignore the userdata type, since that's mostly used when dealing with opaque data from the "host" program (Lua being designed to be used as an embeddable interpreter).
Now, this is obviously more types than some other scripting languages, but it's still a fairly short list. Most of the types are fairly self-explanatory - number represents a numeric value, strings are used for text, booleans are used for true and false, nil is the value of an uninitialized variable, and function represents a function.
Tables are used to implement records, arrays, Object-Oriented Programming features, namespaces (the package system), and a variety of other features. Even global variables are implemented as entries in a table.
One extremely powerful feature of Lua is metatables, which are tables that affect the behavior

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.193502
Retrieved Text: Everybody wants to be a Samurai. Get out your robes and sword, here's your chance.
Jamdat Mobile is by far one of the most consistent companies when it comes to releasing quality software. Dedicated to bring consumers cell phone games that are not only easy to play but deliciously attractive given the limited technology, its developers work hard to cover all of the bases, whether it's sports, shooters, and even hack an slash games, the most notable being Samurai, a side scrolling 2D fighter that's sort of reminiscent of the classic 16-bit beat-em-up Revenge of Shinobi. While it's not nearly as enjoyable as the aforementioned game, this stylish arcade title is a great pick up for those of you who are glued to your cell.
Samurai's cool because it's surprisingly enjoyable. In it you play as (I'll give you one guess) a bad @$$ samurai who is on a mission to reclaim the ancient/old as dirt weapon known as the Sunset Blade from the devilishly evil Lord Oshi, but as you may have already expected, it won't be easy. Standing in your way are six highly detailed levels packed with six different enemy types as well as six annoying bosses, all of which feature attack patterns and weaknesses that you'll need to identify and exploit. Some will perform rolling strikes while others will unleash a multitude of energy blasts your way, and if you're not careful or too busy talking to the dope next to you you'll get quickly housed, because while the game only lasts between one

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.118301
Retrieved Text: I went in to AUNTY with high expectations. Winner of Best Comedy Auckland Fringe 2017, AUNTY returns to BATS after a sell-out season, “more outrageous than ever.” I wouldn’t quite go so far as to call it “outrageous” as the BATS team do, but I did have a laugh now and again. AUNTY is what you think it’s going to be, there’s ready salted chips, your cousin’s new boyfriend, and lots of family stories that should probably remain untold.
The performer, Johanna Cosgrove, knows how to hold an audience. She also wants everyone to feel at home, which she attempts to do by asking audience members to join her on stage throughout the show. Our space is her space, we are told; we are “the whānau.” And in our family, there are “no scabs, no narks, and no traitors.” Cosgrove’s character created a pretty realistic family reunion. At points I was brought back to stories my dad has told me about his family, and the memories of aunties told by old friends.
Cosgrove provided a small taste of the classic kiwi comedy, very much taking note from the Topp Twins and Billy T. And while it was funny, I wasn’t sold. It felt like pun after pun, and if you’ve not got a glass of wine in your hand, this sort of thing tends to drag on. Her jokes were funny, but they all felt like jokes, wanting a reaction each time. When I see a play, if I’m there to laugh, I don’t want these laughs to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.683079
Retrieved Text: In a career that has included two Oscar nominations and numerous memorable characters, Brenda Blethyn has established herself as one of Britain's best-loved actresses, and in Rachid Bouchareb's London River she gives one of her most challenging and moving performances to date. Blethyn plays Elisabeth, a woman whose world is devastated by the July 7th bombings in London and who has to face her own prejudices as she explores the life of the daughter she never really knew. Yesterday, on the eve of the fifth anniversary of the attack, I met Brenda Blethyn to discuss the film.
How soon was it after the July 7th bombings when you were offered this role?
It was two years, at least, but I was steering clear of it because it was too recent history and I thought it would be sacrilege to make the film. You know, you have this idea of it being a big extravaganza about the London bombings, which would have been just awful, but I was soon put right on that. My agent told me that it's not a film about the bombings, and that's just the catalyst to bring these two people together. I went to meet Rachid and I found him inspiring, and then I watched his film Days of Glory and I loved it. I could tell that he was going to be treating this backdrop of 7/7 very, very sensitively. It wasn't a political film, it was just looking at the human side of the tragedy; two ordinary people, coming together from completely

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.665625
Retrieved Text: Laurie Metcalf is on board for the Roseanne revival!
ET caught up with the 61-year-old actress, who portrayed Jackie Harris on the original '90s sitcom, at the 2017 Tony Awards Meet the Nominees Press Junket in New York City on Wednesday, where she gave us the scoop on the eight-episode reboot.
"Everybody's on board," she exclaimed. "I think contracts have been hammered out and all that -- just gotta sell it!"
According to Deadline, Roseanne Barr (Roseanne Conner), John Goodman (Dan Conner) and Sara Gilbert (Darlene Conner) are all reprising their roles, and ABC and Netflix are reportedly both bidding on the project.
"I don't think it's been sold, but if anybody buys it, we'll all be there," Metcalf added. "I can't imagine where the writers would take it -- it could be open to anything. I can only imagine there'll be a lot of laughs among the cast because that's how it used to be."
And speaking of laughs, Metcalf's daughter, Zoe Perry, was recently cast to play the young version of Sheldon's mother, Mary Cooper, in The Big Bang Theory spinoff, Young Sheldon. Metcalf plays Mary in CBS' original comedic series, so it's a natural, perfect fit!
"She [Zoe] got that great Big Bang spinoff job, which is so wonderful," Metcalf gushed. "I just love that the little boy [Iain Armitage]. The cast is absolutely adorable and it's set in the '90s because it's Sheldon at age eight, I guess."
"And then it brings in all the things he's talked about on Big Bang, which is that he has a twin

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.39041
Retrieved Text: This is a film that should be incredibly easy to make enjoyable; it’s an action-comedy starring two A-list actors known for their great comedic timing, with a nonsensical plot that still offers more than a few interesting possibilities in its set-up, and has a strong sense of humour to counteract its occasionally gritty violence.
Unfortunately, The Hitman’s Bodyguard still manages to come up desperately short, because it fails to grasp the many opportunities dangling in front of it and just sticks to being a wholly generic action movie that doesn’t even attempt to be any different to the countless others.
In the film, Ryan Reynolds places Michael Bryce, a former triple-A rated protection agent who, after his last client was assassinated while he was on the job, is now left protecting far lesser clients like a coked-up and bug-eyed Richard E. Grant (in a pointless cameo role). Meanwhile, at the Hague in Amsterdam during the trial of a nefarious dictator (Gary Oldman, collecting another easy pay-check in a role he probably filmed over a weekend or two), the court calls for deadly, and incarcerated, hitman Darius Kincaid (Samuel L. Jackson) to appear as a witness, but his convoy is attacked en route by mercenaries and forces Interpol agent Amelia (Élodie Yung) to contact her ex – none other than Bryce – to give Kincaid a safer passage from the UK to the Hague. And thus begins a tale of two opposing personalities in constant battle with each other, with plenty of quips and action sequences to pad itself

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.249535
Retrieved Text: Cyrus Duffleman has committed all seven deadly sins of literary blockage: "daily drudgery, anxiety, low self-esteem, depression, lack of talent and determination, and above all, laziness." These have "stole away any chance he had of concentrating for long enough to produce anything even loosely resembling a work of art."
We, the readers of Alex Kudera's novel Fight for Your Long Day, learn this about the Duffler (as Kudera is fond of calling his antiprotagonist) on pg. 14. And so we know right off the bat what we're stuck with for the next 250 pages. Forty-year-old Duffy is fat, lazy and horny, and that's how he must go through life. The novel chronicles his long day — a Thursday in the spring of 2004 where he teaches three writing and English classes at three different Philadelphia universities, sleep-tutors through a tutoring session at a fourth, and completes a shift as a security guard.
But as hard as he seems to work, Duffy can barely make ends meet — pulling in a measly two grand per class for adjunct teaching gigs. And he's pissed about it. It's not fair. It wasn't supposed to be this way.
I took a chance on this indie novel because it's purported to be a cross between a rollicking campus comedy reminiscent of Richard Russo's Straight Man which I loved, and A Confederacy of Dunces, with it's mad-at-the-world-and-misunderstood character, Ignatius Reilly. I love Ignatius Reilly — he's one of the best characters in modern literature. Sadly, Fight For Your Long Day is but a shadow of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.22563
Retrieved Text: Catch up with Phoenix-based alternative rock band El West's Bryant Powell and watch the video for single "Olivine" off the band's forthcoming self-titled EP, to be released December 16th.
What brought you together and made you decide to start El West?
Bryant: Actually, it was a bit of serendipity really. Me and Thomas Brenneman basically came together - I was looking for a lead guitarist because I wanted to start something pretty special last year - so I think he just came into a store that I was working at and I was like, 'hey, dude, I know you play lead guitar,' and he was like, 'well, you know what, I'm actually looking for something,' and away we go. Marty, our drummer, Thomas knew him from a different project that he did and, actually, my twin brother, Ricky, plays bass, so it all worked out.
I'm definitely influenced by Freddie Mercury and I really love Muse; I just love music that's big. And that's what we're trying to accomplish with our sound, just big music. Bands like that. I know they really, really like White Rabbits and bands like that. Polyenso. Radiohead, definitely - especially Marty, he loves Radiohead; I love Radiohead too, but he's like a Radiohead-aholic, basically [laughs], he's got everything.
Where does your name, El West, come from?
We're in the Southwest of the United States right now, so I was like, 'oh, well, how about The West?' and then I was like, 'no, let's just do El,' because, you know, there's a lot of Latin influence and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.147547
Retrieved Text: I thought it was a lot worse than the first film, and while enjoyable enough I'm not interested in watching it again. Baby Groot was the worst part, overplayed and underfunny, and a pretty obvious marketing vehicle. He's the film's minions.
The best part was the gold people piloting their ships like in an arcade.
I thought it was a lot worse than the first film, and while enjoyable enough I'm not interested in watching it again. Baby Groot was the worst part, overplayed and underfunny, and a pretty obvious marketing vehicle.
This is exactly my thoughts on the film. A lot of my friends think I'm mad.
I really enjoyed the film, though I think the first one was definitely better. Of the many things wrong with the film though, I didn't think Baby Groot was one of them. I enjoyed his moments and didn't think they overdid him like I expected.
I was sick of baby groot after the dance at the beginning. Every time he was on screen I just though "MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE MERCHANDISE".
I just enjoyed them because I found them funny. He only had 3 big scenes in the film, I expected a lot more.
That opening dance scene was just uggghhh from start to finish. It was basically everything I feared for the film right from the get-go.
Which is a shame because

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.125957
Retrieved Text: I first caught adult-oriented animated TV show Home Movies when it originally aired on Adult Swim, and although it wasn't quite as funny as South Park or Family Guy, it did make me chuckle a lot. Still, I didn't set up a Season Pass for it on my TiVo, because even though it had some laughs, it was just way too annoying to watch. Anyone who's seen the first season knows exactly what I'm talking about: the squiggling! For some weird, oddball artistic reason, someone decided to make all lines that made up the character drawings vibrate like they were all being electrocuted or something. Apparently it's known as "Squigglevision", and what's also apparent is that many other people besides myself found this jittering to extremely annoying, because for season two, Squigglevision has been replace by Flash Animation.
I hadn't watched another episode after the first, so although I knew the show was funny, I really wasn't all that excited about putting in my review copy of Home Movies - Season Two, sitting down, and watching it. And you do have to watch it, as this isn't one of those shows you can just push the Play button and go work on the computer. A lot of the jokes are visual ones, where the dialog in conjunction with some action on screen makes for a hilarious scene. When I saw that the Squigglevision had been done away with, I was not only relieved, but anxious to lay back and watch the entire season.
And this season delivers. The

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.98736
Retrieved Text: Art & Animation: Deen is a studio with a rather poor reputation for animation, and Kore wa Zombie Desu Ka? demonstrates why. The character designs are decent enough adaptations of the original art, and they're not animated as sloppily as some better series, but the way things move and feel generally comes off as kind of awkward and lazy. It's not all bad, though. It manages to look good when it counts (sometimes), and the show does a nice job of picking mood-setting color palettes and avoiding really cheesey loops, reused footage, although it makes judicious use of slow-panning static shots. The worst part for the series, though, is definitely its rampant use of bad-looking CGI for everything from monsters to generic fanboys to (blatant product-placement) Dyson fans. In an age where I thought we were starting to move beyond the stigma of bad CGI, Korezom shows that we're not out of the woods yet. The last episode, which is kind of a joke episode after the main story concludes, is the worst case of this... probably because they blew all their budget on the episode before it.
Plot & Characters: In accordance with its bizarre title, Kore wa Zombie Desu ka? brings a series of wacky scenarios and off-the-wall humor to the table. It also manages to fit some relatively ordinary, but not disinteresting, plot and character development between gags. Occasionally the structuring of the episodes feels disjointed, but overall, the show does a good job of remembering who its characters are, letting them do their

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.977673
Retrieved Text: Returning to B-greek after a break of a year or two, and really since my last sojourn was fairly brief, it's been years.
New context: now I'm an instructor in New Testament at a small seminary in South East Asia.
Unexpected role: I'm going to teach Greek! Not something I had especially planned or seen myself doing. However, over the next 18 months or so I'm likely to teach a fairly basic Greek 1 & 2 course followed by some very basic exegetical syntax / intermediate grammar Gk 3.
So... I have to do a lot of re-learning! And adjusting to the role of being an instructor in language. Not really qualified at all but we'll all muddle through together, I hope, and we'll know a bit more than when we began.
Now more interested in pedagogy than I was in the past.
Welcome back, Hefin. Don't worry -- it's just like riding a bicycle or skating, it comes back rather quickly when you start pedaling or are on the ice (but not pedaling on the ice).
Teaching Greek will be a totally new experience though!
I know that what I'll be doing in my teaching won't quite (!) satisfy some folk - but I think I can learn lots from them, even if we can't replicate what they've achieved. With my change of focus I'm reading more of the stuff on pedagogy here and it's already helpful.
You have to start somewhere, but thankfully you don't have to finish where you start. I suppose that's part of the joy of learning, not to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.909359
Retrieved Text: There are 15 examples displayed out of 15 filtered.
Parf of speech: Adjective, OED Year: 1565, OED Evaluation: Chiefly U.S.
Okay well forget that. But I mean like we 're just talking about a city-centre to live let 's not get political here right? But okay you got Montreal you got okay Quebec. Then you had like Winnipeg. They were probably like little hick-towns back in those days right? Vancouver knew nothing about Vancouver when I was growing up. I didn 't even know Vancouver existed right? Um but um well yeah Toronto I mean ah. Immigrants.
Um. I think we probably definitely have our own hick-ish I-don't-know language going on.
Interviewer: So it's just a Burnt-River thing? It doesn't spread out anywhere else? What about Kinmount? Speaker: Yeah. Kinmount a bit yeah. It's more hick than Burnt-River maybe. It's- I-don't-know.
Um, between Deseronto and the reserve there is, I don't think there is so much in Belleville. 'Cause Belleville is such a like- it's such an integrated town already, like it's so cultured, and Deseronto's kind of like a step above hick.
Speaker 1: Like I don't notice it. Like Adam's never said- Speaker 2: It's a hick accent anyway. Speaker 1: Adam's never said to me that I have an accent. He's never- and like he's from the city.
Speaker: Like people- some people who live here have hick accents.
Like a lot of the guys. You get guys from like Toronto or Scarborough or Mississauga and they have all the like, you-know like they say "Dawg" and like "Bro" and you-know

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.863228
Retrieved Text: Vegas Ring Announcer: Introducing the undisputed champion of the world: Kelly Robinson.
I always liked Owen Wilson and Eddie Murphy, so I thought, in case the movie is worth nothing, I'd still get to see some friendly faces. For better or worse, I can say it was about what I expected.
I put this movie in two categories, and I think I placed it right: it's a decent comedy, with parts attempting to live up to an action movie. At its heart though it tries to be comedic and funny, so that's upon what it should be judged. Thankfully, you will get the chance to laugh out loud, but unfortunately not as much as you'd like to laugh out loud at a comedy. I won't even mention rolling on the floor.
The story isn't something really new, but it has quite a few humorous plot twists. The so-called funny character is Kelly, who really inflicts a fair amount of pain on his adversaries, but he is just such a nicely drawn, egocentric guy, that it actually works on a comedic level. It's always just about him, and him and then some more.
The actors have their charm but I won't really dwell on this as they are as high profile as it gets, Hollywood style, so you know what you get. Perhaps Wilson could have spiced up his game with a bit of the unexpected, but all in all he does what he does best.
I did feel a bit let down by the special effects, with some flimsy looking explosions

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.684933
Retrieved Text: My examination room was crawling with vines, from the deep moss green coloured carpet all the way up to the ceiling tiles. Entangled within the plastic vines were a stuffed gorilla (complete with banana), neon rainbow tree frog, and various assorted other critters. The walls were sponge-painted forest green, a quick and easy illusory effect to convince us that the jungle was surrounding the patient. I half expected for canned jungle noises to fill the silence, while I waited for Dr. Miller to see me.
"Maybe I just got put into the children's examination room because the others are full," I mused. "Sounds like a fairly reasonable explanation."
My examination room was littered with African animals - giraffes, hippos, rhinos, elephants - placed high and low on glass shelves, behind which was a backdrop of the Savannah at sunset. Turning to my right in the examination chair, I nearly knocked over a porcelain lion, captured mid-roar with his gaping maw comically exaggerated.
"Okay, this is starting to get just a little bit weird," I thought, "but maybe he's really into jungles. Or Africa. Yeah, that's it."
My examination room, with dimmed lights, was painted a dark navy and dotted with stars. That blue green marble that is the Planet Earth floated off in the distance. A craggy grey shelf partially filled the space, pockmarked with craters and complete with an American flag jutting out stiffly.
I got my hopes up...I thought you were seeing an MD today. Well, ot sounds like you were in an interesting setting for a semi-unpleasant exam.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.560621
Retrieved Text: Then "Young Love" hit the airwaves and no album followed. Surprising, because I actually heard the song in my area quite a bit, more than its Top-25-only positioning on the charts would indicate. Again, this was a very solid song which I thought showcased more of Moore's talent.
Now, it seems that "I'm to Blame," is the actual lead single for his next project (though some indications are that "Young Love" and another song "Dirt Road" may be part of the second album).
Where does "I'm to Blame" fall in the spectrum of Moore's music?
It's certainly better than "Something 'Bout a Truck," but that's not exactly a stretch. That was a pretty horrid song. Sonically, it bears some resemblance to "Beer Money," though there may be more of an actual country element to this new song.
Thematically, very little new ground is broken here as our narrator sings about how if something isn't broke, he'll break it, if there's a wrong road, he'll take it, and for anything that goes wrong, he's likely the one to blame. Most of these exact lines have been used before, in one form or another.
Despite it's lack of originality, it's not a bad listen. It's enjoyable. Honestly, though, clocking in at only two minutes and seventeen seconds, it may be more of a burden to change the station than to just let the time pass. I think that I want to like this song. Musically, it's actually a pretty decent song, but there's not much to the lyrics to make you want to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.535881
Retrieved Text: I just received a copy of Blaise Larmee's debut graphic novella, Young Lions. He'd emailed and asked to send a copy, noting that he gotten it published with the help of a Xeric grant. Well, I'm all for Xeric supported books so I was eager to take a look. As usual, though, I tried to shy away from finding out anything about the book before actually opening it.
The art was, not surprisingly, the first thing to catch my attention. It's scanned directly from Larmee's pencils, and it looks as if he's made no attempt to hide or clean up the work. Eraser marks and smudges are common, technical errors are sometimes left in place, and occasionally you can see reversed images from another penciled page which had sat on top of the page you're looking at. In that sense, it's very deliberately raw.
The story, if that's really the appropriate word, centers around four young adults who consider themselves conceptual artists. (We don't really see much of their art, so it's hard to say whether they are or just like to think they are.) They take a road trip down to Florida, and come back somewhere between depressed and disillusioned.
If that doesn't sound like much of a story, that's because it isn't. By design. Young Lions is intended, I think, to be more emotional, intuitive and instinctual. It's not a work where you follow a protagonist's exploits as he carries on some character progression, and it's not a work in which you follow a series of events

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.471691
Retrieved Text: The trailer for Daddy's Home looked like it could be funny, but I worried it might be one of those times where all the laughs in a movie are all in the trailer. Although this was not entirely the case here, most of the time I was waiting for the laughs to begin, even though a few of the scenes in this film were hilarious.
Brad (Will Ferrell) marries Sarah (Linda Cardellini) and becomes a stepdad to her two young children. The kids resent him at first, probably because they miss their real dad, Dusty (Mark Wahlberg), but after almost a year, Brad is finally starting to fit in with the family. That is, until the kids' biological dad (Dusty) decides to come home for a visit - and he wants to win back the hearts of both the kids and Sarah, essentially knocking Brad off the pedestal he's worked so hard to attain.
Some of Will Ferrell's movies are hilarious, and some are not so great - same for Wahlberg's, though I haven't seen him in a comedy in a while now, not counting the Ted movies, which are not my favorites. Thomas Haden Church also has a supporting role, as Ferrell's boss at the smooth jazz radio station where he works (which totally made me think of Smooth Jazz v98.7 ... anyone remember that station in Detroit?), and he is good in his role. This movie had some talented actors in it, but the script fell flat most of the time for me, except for a

================



======= Instance Index 25 =========
Input Text: matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.556137
Retrieved Text: Showing results by narrator "Melinda Banks"
Amid a war torn land, hidden deep within an enchanted forest, hides an orphanage where miracles abound. It s a magical place built by a resolute king who is determined to defeat an evil sorcerer waging bitter war against his people. Victory just might take a miracle, and so the orphanage may very well hide the key to winning the war. A young girl named Kelsey also desperately needs a miracle. She embarks on a quest to find the mysterious and hidden orphanage.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.673477
Retrieved Text: Having watched and observed life from the standpoint of soldier for ten years of my life, I always felt there was no higher honor than to serve my country and defend the values that established this country. My family has a history of serving this country dating back to the American Revolution and I felt that to continue on in that tradition was the honorable thing to do.
As I went through the process which led to my decision to refuse deployment to Iraq for the second time, I was torn between thoughts of abandoning the soldiers that I serve with, or following my conscience which tells me: war is the ultimate in destruction and waste of humanity.
I want people to know that the longer I thought about just how stupid the concept of war really is the stronger I felt about not participating in war. Why do we tell our children to not solve their differences with violence, then turn around and commit the ultimate in violence against people in another country who have nothing to do with the political attitudes of their leaders?
When you contemplate the beauty of the world around us and the gifts we have been given you have to ask yourself, " Is this what humanity is meant to do, wage war against one another?" Why can't we teach our children not to hate or to not be afraid of someone else just because they are different from us? Why must it be considered honorable to train young men and women to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.361687
Retrieved Text: August 13, 2018 "Information Clearing House" -American politicians provoke a slew of emotions, from tears of rage to tears of laughter. But perhaps the uppermost emotion is one of pity.
Senator Rand Paul, like his father Ron, is an honorable exception.
What else can we call it when the interests and needs of the vast majority of the nation are not served. A president, Donald Trump, was elected in part because he pledged to normalize relations with Russia.
But instead the political elites and unelected powers-that-be over-ride the popular mandate, to impose their agenda of belligerence.
Rather what is being served is the war-profiting of a corporatist state by a national tiny minority of ignorant and hate-filled politicians who are bought and paid for.
The American regime is implementing more economic sanctions on Russia based on absurd fantasies. The fantasy that Russia carried out a poison-assassination in Britain; the fantasy that Russia interferes in the US elections; the fantasy that Russian leader Vladimir Putin is a "Hitler figure" who also controls the US president; the fantasy that Russian news media, like Sputnik and RT, are part of a fiendish Kremlin plot to subvert American society.
How is it possible to conduct a civilized dialogue with such delusional, paranoid people?
US senators pushing for a new round of sanctions on Russia even gloat about their insane belligerence. They whoop and call it "the sanctions bill from hell". One of those senators, John McCain, is dying from brain cancer. Wouldn't McCain be better off thinking about his Maker and trying to leave this world with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.20433
Retrieved Text: Home | Global News | Syria: Can there be any greater loss than the loss of humanity?
Syria: Can there be any greater loss than the loss of humanity?
1,143 people read this post.
There are times when our inhibitions cause us to delve far deeper than we ordinarily would. That moment of courage that leads us to define who we are without realizing it.
We internally attest the person we’ve become, underlining what we want the world to see of us and bracketing who we want to identify ourselves us in private.
The very Schizophrenia that is medically defined as an illness is a disease that resides within every single one of us.
The personality we show the world isn’t the colours we share with ourselves or those close to us, yet we display them. For it is the opinion of the public that matters more than the people that will tear for us at our demise. Or so it seems.
Corrupted by the reassurance that overall perceptions of the person we are is determined by individuals that barely know us. The very same individuals that judge you by your lineage, your field of study, the job you have applied for, your skin color and the size of your fathers bank balance.
The very same individuals that will host fund-raising events for indigenous children in underprivileged situations but then declare their son as unfit when he chooses to marry a women who is of a different ethnicity.
It seems as if we’re smother by societal notions,nothing can be passed off as our own, not

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.089237
Retrieved Text: Creators and executive producers of ABC’s new The Crossing found themselves hand-holding TV critics Monday who worried the midseason high-concept sci-fi drama series would be pulled prematurely by a network whose primetime past is littered with gone-too-soon genre dramas.
Resurrection, which lasted two seasons on the network, and Prey, which lasted just one, were mentioned by name.
Written/executive produced by Dan Dworkin and Jay Beattie, executive produced by Jason Reed and directed by Rob Bowman, The Crossing revolves around refugees from a war-torn country who start showing up to seek asylum in a U.S. town. But the country these people are from is the U.S., and the war they are fleeing is 250 years in the future.
“Resurrection was canceled prematurely, I assume?” Dworkin asked critics at TCA who’d questioned what would happen if the network “pulls the plug” prematurely. He’d been asked why critics/viewers should make that “leap of faith and watch week after week” after being burned by their Resurrection experience.
“We don’t have much to say in the programming decision,” Dworkin acknowledged, but said “I can tell you we shot a whole season and each episode is going to give [viewers] something to make them want to come back.” The season finale, he said, will give viewers a “whole host” of reasons to come back for Season 2. Season 1 is 10 episodes plus pilot.
EP Jay Beattie assured the TCA gathering they do not have a set ending in mind for The Crossing, adding, “this show can go on for years and years” as the refugees integrate

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.519537
Retrieved Text: All of you cowboys, fight for your land.
Anyone who uses more than two chords is just showing off.
Civilization is spread more by singing than by anything else, because whole big bunches can sing a particular song where not every man can join in on the same conversation.
If the fight gets hot, the songs get hotter. If the going gets tough, the songs get tougher.
Life is this sound, and since creation has been a song. And there is no real trick of creating words to set to music, once you realize that the word is the music and the people are the song.
Looks like ever body is declaring war against the forces of force. That's what you get for building up a big war machine.
Plenty of rich folks wants to fight. Give them the guns.
The world is filled with people who are no longer needed- and who try to make slaves of all of us- and they have their music and we have ours.
Watch the kids. Do like they do. Act like they act. Yell like they yell. Dance the way you see them dance. Sing like they sing. Work and rest the way kids do... I don't want the kids to be grownup. I want to see the grown folks be kids.
Yes, as through this world I've wandered I've seen lots of funny men; Some will rob you with a six-gun, And some with a fountain pen.
You might say that Wall Street is the street that keeps you off Easy Street.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.486328
Retrieved Text: Hollywood descended in Hong Kong June 19 for the world premiere of Michael Bay's “Transformers: Age of Extinction,” the fourth installment of the mega-blockbuster franchise.
The red-carpet event and screening took place at the Hong Kong Culture Center, and attended by director Michael Bay, cast members Mark Wahlberg, Stanley Tucci, Kelsey Grammer, Nicola Peltz, Jack Reynor, Li Bingbing, T. J. Miller, Han Geng and the band IMAGINE DRAGONS, who wrote the original song "Battle Cry" for the film and performed live on the rooftop of Harbour City following the film's screening.
“Transformers: Age of Extinction” begins after an epic battle left a great city torn, but with the world saved. As humanity picks up the pieces, a shadowy group reveals itself in an attempt to control the direction of history…while an ancient, powerful new menace sets Earth in its crosshairs.
With help from a new cast of humans (led by Wahlberg), Optimus Prime and the Autobots rise to meet their most fearsome challenge yet. In an incredible adventure, they are swept up in a war of good and evil, ultimately leading to a climactic battle across the world.
Now showing across the Philippines in 3D, 2D, IMAX 3D and 4DX formats, “Transformers: Age of Extinction” is distributed by United International Pictures through Columbia Pictures.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.442993
Retrieved Text: Welcome to part two of our let’s play of Valiant Hearts: The Great War.
It is the story of crossed destinies and a broken love in a world torn apart. It gives players the chance to live a touching yet comical adventure which focuses on the journey of four people as they brave the battles and difficulties of the Great War following their faithful canine companion. All of the main characters are inextricably drawn together, and friendship, love, sacrifice and tragedy befall each as they help each other to retain their humanity against the horrors of war.
Valiant Hearts The Great War tells the story of four crossed destinies and broken love as the world tore itself apart between the years of 1914-1918 in The Great War. A puzzle adventure game at its core, Valiant Hearts is so much more than a World War One video game – because it honours and respects the terrible sacrifice of those who died and of those who survived telling a heart-wrenching tale with pathos, humour and subtle melancholy.
The game begins with the briefest of introductions on how the war started and soon shatters the lives of Karl and Emile, sent off to fight for their opposing nations. The transition from upbeat training to the reality of the front line is made with such finesse you can’t help but be caught up in drama.
It’s an excellent start and does a great job of drawing you into the game. Before long the adventure and platformer puzzle element come into play and although they

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.4832
Retrieved Text: What if one day you find your world suddenly torn apart? Entranced by your daily routine, you hear the terrifying news that makes your blood run cold. A devastating man made virus has been unleashed on the world, a virus so lethal that it rapidly turns everyone it infects into rabid, blood crazed killers. Maniacs so devoid of humanity that their only goal in life is to rip the flesh from your very body, and kill or infect the people you love the most. Would you panic? Would you rush from your desk in a frantic attempt to save your children? Would you hunker down, and hope the infection somehow passes you by, praying to whatever God you think will help? And what if the very people you care for so deeply are the ones clawing at your door, their blood smeared faces screaming for the destruction of your soul?
How would you survive in such a world? And would you want to?
When the infection struck, 64 million people never stood a chance.
It only took a day for the country to collapse, for the five largest cities to be overwhelmed by the onslaught of the viral hordes. Merciless, relentless, they ripped their way through humanity.
They were unstoppable, almost biblical.
With no way to protect itself against the deliberate act of bio terrorism, a once great nation began to feed upon itself. Violence and chaos reigned, and those who had vowed to protect a once proud nation did the only thing they could…..they fled leaving millions to their fate.
At

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.469017
Retrieved Text: It seems we live in a world bent on war and filled with rumors of war. Nation against nation and brother against brother, hate seems to be the order of the day and civility is a long-dead casualty. The Bible’s chock full of wars, too, leading many to wonder if God is a God of war. It is not God, though, who created humanity to live in violence, but humanity who chooses violence. It is our history, not God’s. He winds up tainted by being part of our story, but the story of God is a story of peace. And that peace begins within. Winning the battle within – this Sunday at Mendham Hills.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.369055
Retrieved Text: We stand together for peace. Take a moment to honor the International Day of Peace with a simple and powerful greeting card. Solidarity is standing together. It is saying "Yes!" to human rights and "No!" to bigotry. World Peace Day reminds us about the human cost of war. It asks us to uphold dignity, compassion, non-violence and tolerance. Send an International Day of Peace card greeting to say, "Long Live Absolute World Peace."
Up with peace. Up with people. Celebrate International Day of Peace and send an inspirational World Peace Day card to your friends and family. This day asks us to take a moment in silence and to reflect on our shared humanity, to respect our differences, and to uphold human rights. Peace doesn't need a lot of words; we all know what it feels like. Send an International Day of Peace card to help promote Peace Education around the world. Peace starts with you.
We are better, kinder, stronger when we are together. The International Day of Peace greeting card offers a moment of silent reflection for the receiver. Promote peace education and awareness about human rights issues, immigration, and the cost of war when you send a World Peace Day card. The ideals of peace will only strengthen if we share them and make others aware of how we can stand in solidarity with one another.
Throughout history, war and dissent have plagued people around the world. People have lost homes, family, friends, and hope as destruction, chaos, and fear filled their countries and lives. This

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.007984
Retrieved Text: Ostensibly, artillery shells were supposed to be recycled, but their use as an artistic material kept their reuse for war efforts minimal.
The scale of the Great War flabbergasted many when the true scope of the conflict revealed itself to the belligerents. Across Europe, the Old World powers mustered their populations for war in numbers never before conceived by man.
What the leaders hoped would be a quick skirmish dragged on into a long, brutal conflict that shook the world. Entire generations of men fought as whole neighborhoods succumbed to poison gas, machine guns, and senseless forays into No Man’s Land.
As the assembled forces of Europe dug in for what proved to be a devastating and brutally long conflict, they found themselves facing one of the truest adages of war. Namely, long stretches of boredom punctuated by moments of sheer terror.
Hunkered down in bunkers and trenches as the war dragged on, soldiers came up with various ways to occupy themselves.
When not ducking from artillery, going over the top, or killing rats, soldiers whiled away the time making things. With a variety of handy supplies available, soldiers would usually work on spent shell casings and old helmets, turning these materials into various pieces of art of varying quality and design.
Cannon shell converted to use as a vase.
Bullets became crosses and letter openers. Shell cases could become ashtrays, sculptures, and vases, which tended to be the most common. Ostensibly, artillery shells were supposed to be recycled, but their use as an artistic material kept their reuse for war efforts minimal.
Depending

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.983328
Retrieved Text: 2016 has not been a good year for humanity. A selfish narcissistic misogynist has been elected president of the most powerful western country in the world. The terrible, ongoing events in Aleppo and across Syria are destroying humanity, and we can now watch these war crimes because of the internet. Food insecurity in Yemen, has turned into utter devastation and famine in the face of war. Bombings in Istanbul. The Zika virus is a pandemic in progress, causing babies to be born disabled. In France, a terror attack on Bastille day, left 86 people dead and over 430 injured. Regardless of how you voted in the EU referendum, the resulting racism has been hugely damaging to many in our communities. In the US, the police have regularly shot dead unarmed black people. Harambe the gorilla was shot dead in Cincinnati zoo and the world turned its venom on the mother whose child had got in his cage. 24 hour news and the ubiquity of the internet means that we can hear the voices of the suffering, see their faces, be confronted by the pain. It’s no longer far away in a distant land. It’s in our phone, in our pocket, in our handbag.
How can we rejoice when this is the world we live in? Isaiah wrote the passage I just read prophetically, envisaging a time when God will save humanity. And yet, we don’t lice in a time when peace, good tidings or salvation abound.
Perhaps your personal life is going well, and you don’t want reminding

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.948616
Retrieved Text: We hit the jackpot when we beat Westminster's global multi-billion dollar war propaganda racket's 'free speech' ban and 'crowning glory' in their bogus 'War on Terror' by liberating ourselves from the multiple layers of deceit.
To force the repeal, we had to admit what was true and what was not and challenge and overcome all the multiple layers of deceit who impose Westminster's violent state of denial which claims the political classes and their apologists can just 'vote' to do whatever they want to anyone else anywhere in the world.
... the reality of the rule of law is the harmony that unites humanity to create and protect life and live in peace..
If we had just 'gone along with' the 'old lie' about a 'vote' perpetuated by the multiple layers, of lying politicians, police, spies, prosecutors, judges, conspiracy theorists, academics and their pulp fiction which passes itself off as journalism/'alt' media we would never have even forced the repeal of their global multi-billion dollar 'free speech' ban targeting us in their bogus 'War on Terror'.
Once we had proved ordinary people could peacefully beat Westminster the truth about how crony capitalism really works was completely exposed.
It is a stand alone truth whoever is saying that crony 'capitalism' in all it's forms of corporate legislation, sanctions, resolutions and occupations are mutually exclusive with the rule of law and can be repealed in courts of law.
The multi-billion dollar global war propaganda racket is the enemy of all humanity.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.806637
Retrieved Text: A boy from Afghanistan tries to keep warm.
As thousands of refugees land daily on the Greek island of Lesvos, world-renowned photographer Giles Duley documents the relief and suffering of reaching dry land.
It is hard to describe the scenes I saw in my first few hours on Lesvos. I have covered conflict and humanitarian disasters around the world, but I have rarely witnessed such scenes.
I am on assignment for UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency, documenting the refugee crisis across the Middle East and Europe. The events that have unfolded in the past few years are unprecedented in scale and scope. Not since the Second World War have so many people been forced to flee their homes. UNHCR estimates there are some 60 million displaced worldwide, with over 4 million Syrians alone leaving their war-torn country to seek safety in neighbouring countries and Europe.
My project is focused on telling the individual stories of those caught up in this crisis. These are not statistics, these are not numbers – these are individuals fighting for survival and the safety of their families.
In the coming months I want to share the stories of those I meet, but first I want to show you what I have seen on the beaches of Greece. Boat after boat landing on the shores of the island of Lesvos, each one filled with desperate people seeking safety.
After over a decade doing this work, I have never been so emotionally overwhelmed and bewildered as I am today. I will let the photographs speak for themselves.
Giles started his

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.772146
Retrieved Text: The Dream is selected among the Best Photobooks of the Year 2016 by TIME magazine.
Fabio Bucciarelli is a freelance photojournalist who has followed the story of refugees fleeing the revolutions and wars that followed the 'Arab Spring' since they began in 2011.
When the first refugees - immigrant workers from Bangladesh and sub-saharan countries - were fleeing from violence in the Benghazi region of Libya, Bucciarelli recognized the tremendous suffering and intractable situation facing them. There were hundreds of men and women struggling to flee the conflict: a river of souls who came to Libya to work and found themselves in limbo, in a foreign country torn by war with no way of returning home.
From these first encounters with refugees, Bucciarelli has dedicated himself to documenting the causes and consequences of this stream of humanity fleeing conflict. His work has taken him from Sicily to Syria, Libya, Turkey, Iraq, Tunisia, Egypt, Serbia, Macedonia and to the small Greek island of Lesbos where refugees arrived from Turkey by the boatload every day.
Bucciarelli calls his book “The Dream” because, without a dream to sustain them, the people who make up this remarkable stream of humanity could never make the torturous journey in search of refuge. "The Dream" tells their stories, reveals their humanity and shows the strength of people who are sustained by a dream to be free of war, to find safety, to recover their dignity and to build meaningful lives again.
Bucciarelli has received the Robert Capa Gold Medal for his work from Syria and many other awards

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.654839
Retrieved Text: The five-day visit includes no public appearances and gives Beijing a chance to get to know Suu Kyi as her country has shifted toward the West.
More than 5,000 Indian expats are expected to attend an event on Saturday.
Indian and Chinese officials are promoting Modi’s three-day visit as a business trip filled out with displays of good will.
A stunning dearth of fraternal ties exist between the two Asian superpowers.
Ask The Vietnamese About War, And They Think China, Not The U.S.
The move is designed to assuage Hong Kongers angry with mainlanders who buy up goods.
Chinese warships evacuated nearly 600 of its citizens from conflict-torn Yemen, demonstrating Beijing’s increasing ability to extract its people from dangerous places.
Tensions rising between Asian neighbors after death of five people in Yunnan.
No one should be investing in large-scale development projects in Myanmar’s war zones until durable peace agreements are established.
A large portion of the Austria-size state is claimed by China, and the two sides fought a border war over the area in 1962.
The Philippines has protested signs of land reclamation by China aimed at expanding a disputed coral atoll near the southern Philippines, the latest in a series of disputes pitting China against its neighbors.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.487751
Retrieved Text: It’s one of those peculiarities about the passage of time – that although, in my mind, this year seems to have sped by quicker than ever – it also feels an age since I sat happily working through my pile of summer reading.
Of all the books that I read, one thing that has stuck in my mind is Jeremy Paxman’s evocative description of the Christmas Truce of 1914 – in his book “Great Britain’s Great War”.
He describes the situation, 5 months into the First World War – with the armies stranded in their trenches, often only a few dozen yards apart, and an expectation that little would change until the following Spring.
Pope Benedict XV proposed that there should be a “Truce of God” to honour the feast of Christmas – but this faltered, partly because for the Russian Army Christmas would not be celebrated until 6th January. Senior British Officers were said to be relieved by this rejection and one General Sir Horrace Smith-Dorrien issued an order specifically banning “unofficial armistices and the exchange of tobacco or other comforts.” There was some confusion, then, in the British trenches when, on 23rd December, lights appeared on the horizon – until it became clear that German troops had erected Christmas Trees.
What followed seems to have been a series of uncoordinated and unpremeditated truces along the front. English soldiers heard strains of “Stille Nacht” and “O Tannenbaum” and responded with their own English songs – sacred and otherwise!
And so, on Christmas Eve, 100 years ago, soldiers from both sides

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.474533
Retrieved Text: I will bless those who bless you, and he who curses you I will curse; and all the families of the earth shall bless themselves by you (Genesis 12:3).
I have always felt given our long, tumultuous history during which we have witnessed tremendous catastrophe and indeed, have found ourselves swept up and victimized in the maelstrom of it all, that as Israel goes, so goes the world.
As American Jews we are enormously blessed to be citizens of a nation in which we are so freely accepted though, of course, it hasn’t always been this way. But, no matter how free we are in this nation of ours, as a people, as Jews, we know as we consider the sweep of Jewish history that the nation of Israel, our Jewish homeland, anchors all Jews from the far corners of the world. For too many centuries, as resident aliens in other lands, we found ourselves at the mercy and capriciousness of rulers and clergy whose disdain for Judaism and Jews was made sufficiently clear. The world is stained by Jewish blood and we bear the scars of centuries of persecution. We are indeed responsible for one another. Kol Yisrael areivim zeh ba zeh. Even in our own day, that adage remains true.
And because of so many episodes of exile from one land to another, because of our 2000 year exile from our own homeland, we understand only too well God’s commandment to be kind to the stranger because we were once and often strangers in strange lands. Our

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.423517
Retrieved Text: The aim of DNS is to train teachers who can respond to the challenges of our time. Teachers who travel and understand the cultural diversities, teachers who are willing and able to act and stand up for other people, teachers who are moved by passion and understand that the world can – and should – be a better place, for all its living beings.
By training Another Kind of Teachers, we are blazing the way to empower other people because knowledge and awareness are the main tools for positive change. If a person does not know about a certain issue, how can a person change it? Teaching and creating awareness are our main allies in this big challenge that all of us, citizens of the world, should be responsible for.
The ways that we teach are non-traditional, and puts the learner at the centre of their learning process. Teachers and students learn from each other, constantly, through the hands-on, activity based programme. Forming relationships, showing your humanity and good old solidarity with the people you teach, work like magic if you really want to have an impact on someone’s life, for example as an educator. These are all skills you can learn, if you are not a natural born social skills person. You learn them by being part of a socially adept community, and as part of your extended family, that is your bus group or team.
The old and outdated idea that the teacher is the main figure in the classroom does not suit us. At DNS, the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.398623
Retrieved Text: "Did you measure to attain your height?
"Did you use geometry to radiate your limb?
"Did you lament storm-torn branches?
"Did you inventory your leaves for the sun?
"You did none of these things.
"Yet Man in his cleverness cannot match your Perfection."
THIS EXQUISITE EARTH SUSTAINS US, REJUVENATES HERSELF; TEACHES THAT OUR BODIES ALSO CAN...AND PROVIDES FOR ALL LIFE FORMS...IT IS LONG PAST TIME FOR US TO SUSTAIN HER! SHE WILL SURVIVE, NO MATTER WHAT...WHAT WE DO TODAY FOR THE EARTH, IS ACTUALLY FOR OURSELVES AND OUR CHILDREN AND OUR CHILDRENS' AND THEIR CHILDRENS' CHILDRENS' CHILDREN. IT IS FOR OUR FOOD SUPPLIES; AND FOR THE INSURANCE THAT HUMANITY NEED NOT SUFFER.
HER SELF-CLEANING ABILITY REJUVENATES ALL RESOURCES!
YET MORE CAN BE DERIVED FROM SOLAR POWER.
MY FAVORITE MOVIE IS "FERN GULLY~THE LAST RAIN FOREST."
INDIANS WARNED AND STILL WARN US.
THE SIGNS HAVE GATHERED NOW~~LISTEN, OBSERVE, NOTICE!
NATURE DIRECTLY EVERY CHANCE I GET, AND CONSTANTLY IN MY HEART.
MY SPIRIT AND PSYCHE WOULD BE SO BLESSED IF EVERYONE DID.
ALL THE MONEY IN THE WORLD IS NOT GOING TO HELP.
HEALTH.  FOOD IN YARDS AND LOTS...DOES ANYONE REMEMBER EMPTY LOTS?
FOR I PLAN TO LIVE TO BE 147, IN PERFECT HEALTH OF MIND BODY &.SPIRIT.
LIKE A TREE, I EXHALE THE BEST INTENTIONS INTO THE UNIVERSE.
THEN THEY CONVERT CARBON MONOXIDE INTO OXYGEN!
AND INVITE YOU TO DO THE SAME WITH ATTENTION AND APPRECIATION.
These ancient ones give us oxygen, clean our air, and also hold our soil together.
Clear-cutting is robbing Generations of people and animals of well-being!
trees.  Just another sensible reason to take care of our Forests!
SHE'S IN YOURS...BUT REALLY, YOU ARE

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.391304
Retrieved Text: Today I was inspired by Turnbaby who had previously been inspired by Mimi to be a part of an effort to reawaken humanity across the world to the cry for peace.
There is nothing more basic to human existence than the need for security. Nothing draws us together as a species any more quickly than when that basic level of primordial security is threatened (read about an example here and here). But sadly everyday in this world the security of humanity is threatened. Whether it is from war, poverty, famine, disease, or disaster, our world continues to be in tremendous need of peace. Daunting problems? Yes. Debilitating issues? Absolutely. Insurmountable? I don’t think so. Please, I promise not to preach. I just want to share my opinion and perspective.
I believe with all my being that resolution to all of these problems, and particularly the problem of war and national aggression lies within our hands. Those of us who are fortunate enough to live in free societies with representative democratic governments hold the power to bring an end to aggression. I must take a stand and make the commitment to stop acts of aggression by my own hands. I must decide to live at peace at all costs. I must be willing to allow all of humanity the freedom for diverse life and expression that I desire for myself. I must bind myself in peace to all of humanity and stand with them to meet the needs for safety, security and sustenance that drives all acts of aggression.
By

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.324787
Retrieved Text: Konungar: War of Crowns Average 0.00/5 - out of 0 total votes.
"A gorgeously rendered epic fantasy from the writer of Titan's Millennium series – Sylvain Runberg. Two sons at war – in a battle for the throne that has torn their country apart. The centaurs, mortal enemies of the Vikings, taking advantage of this conflict, have declared war on humanity. To combat this ancient foe, the two brothers must put aside their differences for the good of their people."

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.271742
Retrieved Text: Breathe Bell Tents are proud to support the empowerment of women and girls’ both globally and close to home via @iequalchange.
Changing the world, one purchase at a time.
Breathe Bell Tents supports Aslyum Seeker Resource Centre, CARE Australia and Send Hope Not Flowers. Powered by @iequalchange.
After every sale, our customers get to choose where our donation goes. We look forward to using our business as a force for good – and helping change the world, one purchase at a time.
@iequalchange has enabled us to make an impact on the world.
Send Hope Not Flowers works with Australian Dr. Barry Kirby in remote Milne Bay Province, PNG. We gift families with a Baby Bundle to incentivise mothers to come to a health clinic to give birth. The bundle is filled with basic supplies for mother and baby – and includes the $5 cost for delivery at the clinic.
More than six years of war in Syria has forced over 5 million people to flee their homes, leaving jobs, family and friends. They are desperate to escape the violence. Thousands have died at sea or on land.
Survivors are filled with uncertainty as they travel, sometimes for weeks, in search of a safe place to call home.
CARE is providing lifesaving essentials including clean water, food, medicines and shelter to families in refugee camps in Europe, the Middle East and those still trapped in Syria.
Families who have fled violence, war and persecution are often then stripped of their basic rights in Australia, while waiting for an outcome to their legal status. People often

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.148102
Retrieved Text: This morning I went to my first Dawn service in my adult life. I wasn't sure what I was expecting - but I was definitely moved by the event. I had a rejection in my mind that I didn't want to be a part of it because of so many reasons that my ego was trying to create stories around.
But I realised I was being very judgemental of something I hadn't experienced. Nobody there wanted more war.. It was a gathering of hundreds of Australians at 4.30am on a freezing cold morning to honor those who have died a tragic death.
In the service they talked about bringing peace to this planet and us finding that peace within us. Everyone said a prayer asking God to assist us in remembering the truth. Yes -there was some religious dogma within the prayer- but everyone still prayed and that was beautiful! Yes- people were there partly because our conditioning and 'patriarchy' and because our Australian culture and media has accepted this day as a tradition. But people were hungry for this ritual. They sung and played music. They honored their ancestors before them and the land they call home. It was really moving for me as it honestly gave me hope for our humanity and our culture that maybe, just maybe we are all reaching out and craving this small kind of ritual! It may look different to the type of ritual we do within our 'spiritual' circles- but in essence their hearts were still open for that moment

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.937422
Retrieved Text: A barely audible whisper floats on the wind. The evil, the vile, the corrupt are called. Step forth from the shadows, the time for the eradication of Goodness has come. Only those who aid the darkness shall survive to stand proudly over a broken world. To stand under Njord, and destroy the Aesir.
Once a people of peace, the war between the Aesir and the Vanir has produced a race torn asunder. While most of the Vanir have integrated with the Aesir, a few remain in Vanaheim. Suspicions through the years and bitterness over the loss of Frey and Kvasir to the Aesir have turned the remaining Vanir opposite of what most once were: farmers into warriors, merchants to sorcerers. No longer attuned to the lands, the Vanir have turned to the witchcraft of Freya, and even the wise Kvasir has put his knowledge toward the corruption of good, following the path of his people.
Through the corruption of good, the Aesir will fall. Our lords that were exchanged with the Aesir may return, and live with their chosen, no longer having to hide the contempt they feel living with the weak. Red auras will fill the land, to push back the Aesir's Horde. Lady Freya will take the souls of the dead; Odin shall have none. Njord shall be appeased. The old war between Aesir and the Vanir resulted in the two being equals, the war we have just started will force the Aesir and all who stand against us to internment in Valhalla.
To survive the upcoming

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.881565
Retrieved Text: A traveling art exhibit that provides a look at what we have and what we may be losing.
Artistic talent applied to the global concern of environmental spoilage has never been so mesmerizing. Nor more beautiful.
The exhibit, Environmental Impact, at the Erie Art Museum until September 30, was curated by David J. Wagner, LLC, and is currently traveling the country. We are fortunate that our art museum chose to show it.
In this exhibit, there are works that bring us closer to nature, showing us what we still have or, put another way, what we are losing, and there are others that thrust our detritus at us in no uncertain terms.
Lucia deLeiris' large paintings "Ross Sea" and "Greenland Sea" draw us in with their sparse, luminous expanses of blue and frozen stillness. Once drawn, of course, we see the subtle cracks, the melting, the new warmth that shouldn't really be there.
deLeiris' subtlety is juxtaposed with pieces by other artists who are more didactic in their symbolism. Walter Furgenson's "Save the Seashore" gives us an innocent toddler building sand castles alongside a wrack line filled with trash and a partially buried tire. In "Apocalypse," he perches an egret near a ramshackle dock across from a nuclear power plant. The plant, new-looking and belching emissions – the sign of human achievement for many years – makes the dilapidated foreshore, filled with debris, even more melancholy. As a final touch, Ferguson captures two egrets flying out of the picture, departing from this waterway that no longer sustains life.
In everything here, the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.795664
Retrieved Text: Star Trek Into Darkness is, in a word, divisive. If you ignore the Star Trek branding of it entirely, it's a dazzling movie about a bunch of people who are trying to stop an intergalactic terrorist out for revenge. It's got huge set pieces, elaborate action, and some of the most impressive visual effects of the year. If you're a Star Trek purist, however, Into Darkness is mighty frustrating.
I'm not even a hard-core fan and I was a bit disheartened by how out of touch with the optimism and humanity the entire franchise was founded on. If you can get past all of that, though, the movie still does have great interplay between its ensemble and some cool action. It's just disappointing that Abrams and company followed up the surprise gem that was their Star Trek reboot with this aggressive, occasionally baffling direction for a beloved property.
Special Features: This is a little complicated because there are numerous, retail-exclusive releases of the film. The standard Blu-ray 3D set of the film contains about 45 minutes of making-of material spread across eight featurettes (the longest is 8:28, the shortest is 1:29). Combined they form a broad, glossy look at the designs that went into various aspects of the film, like the opening alien planet and the choice to bring Khan into the reboot.
If you really want to go behind the scenes, though, you sadly may want to pick up one of the retail-exclusive sets. Best Buy's comes with an extra 30 minutes of featurettes on various designs in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.632406
Retrieved Text: Peacebuilding. Let’s change the world together.
If you shop on Amazon this season you can now support ForgottenSong in the process!
Shop on Amazon and support ForgottenSong at the same time!
The Listener Project is a movement - taking initiative to seek out and listen to forgotten songs around the world - led by people like you who want to make an impact & leave a legacy with their lives. By becoming a Listener, you are partnering with ForgottenSong to impact the lives of women and children in war-torn communities across the globe. As a Listener, you commit to a monthly financial investment that will empower generations in a holistic and sustainable way.
Not able to contribute monthly? Consider making a one time donation to the #OffTheMountain project in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Stay up to date with Forgottensong and help us raise awareness about the issues facing children in the D.R.C.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.62522
Retrieved Text: ‘I came in to work at around 8pm to help lock up for the night. She was sitting eating with one of her sons. I went to the toilet and when I came out there was a pool of sick on the floor. It must have been them,’ the owner told the Sunday People.
‘I approached them and said, “Why didn’t you do it in the bin?” It was right there.
The owner posted the footage to Facebook, which helped police identify the woman and track her down.
He said it went viral with thousands of views and that it took two months for the woman to be charged by police.
She was hauled before a court last November where she admitted racially aggravated threatening behaviour and was fined £162.
The boy made headlines this week after he was filmed allegedly strangling refugee Jamal and pouring water over his face on playing fields at Almondbury Community School in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire.
The 16-year-old claimed he had not been bullying his classmate before the incident and was previously on ‘good terms’ with him.
A sickening video showed the 15-year-old being set upon by an attacker who dragged him to the floor and said ‘I’ll drown you’ before pouring a bottle of water on his face as others watched on.
Thousands flocked to support the teenager and bemoaned how he escaped war-torn Homs only to be abused by youngsters in the UK.
The boy, who escaped war torn Syria with his parents and sister, has suffered two years of bullying since they arrived in Huddersfield.
Now they want

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.102108
Retrieved Text: With Ice-T’s heavily anticipated directorial debut named “Something From Nothing: The Art of Rap” coming out in the UK next month (and released in the US last Friday), we take a look at the seven best hip-hop documentaries of all time.
Ice-T interviews some of rap’s most respected and distinguished playas: Mos Def, Dr Dre, Eminem, Nas and Q-Tip discuss hip-hop’s rise to worldwide prominence.
(2) “Beats, Rhymes & Life: The Travels of a Tribe Called Quest”.
Directed by Michael Rapaport, this documentary spotlights one of the most innovative and influential rap bands in hip-hop history.
This documentary examines the genre’s evolution since its inception – Busta Rhymes, Method Man, Biggie and Tupac all chip in.
Scratch investigates the beginnings of hip-hop DJs, turntabilism and scratching.
Rock the Bells follows the exciting preparation and fulfillment of Wu-Tang Clan’s final live performance.
The documentary, dedicated to J Dilla, follows the production and achievement of Dave Chapelle’s free festival “Block Party” in Brooklyn, that hosted performances from the likes of Mos Def, the reunited Fugees, the Roots and Kayne West.
One of the first documentaries on hip-hop, “Style Wars” is a must-see for serious rap fans. It focuses on the form’s various cultural components, including b-boying, graffiti and tagging.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.26628
Retrieved Text: De La Soul. A Tribe Called Quest. The Jungle Brothers. Those three groups are rap royalty. Collectively known as the Native Tongues, these like-minded young folks used their skills in the art of rhyming to discuss topics such as politics, philosophy, culture, fashion, jazz and the man on the street, breathing fresh air in the world of hip hop in the late ‘80s and early ‘90s. Affiliated groups and performers such as Queen Latifah, Monie Love, Black Sheep, Leaders of the New School and Fu-Schnickens would also go on to make their mark in the world of hip hop. Their influence would extend from their native NYC boroughs to around the country, influencing artists such as Talib Kweli, OutKast and probably anyone to pick up a mic post 1989. They’re your favorite rappers favorite rappers and greatest influencers.
A new documentary, Speaking In Tongues: Legends of the Native Tongue Posse, courtesy of filmmaker Omar Akil, along with producers Norman Parrish, Ramulas Burgess and Benny Boom, seeks to give the Native Tongues collective their rightful due and let us in on the story behind one of hip hop’s first and greatest crews. Akil previously produced and co-wrote the brilliant four-part hip hop documentary series The Message for BET, so this project is in good hands. The director has spent the last eight years interviewing various members of the crew, including the recently departed Phife Dawg, alongside hip hop stars such as Yasiin Bey and many more. However, this still more history to uncover before the documentary is complete.
You

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.95592
Retrieved Text: For some reason, I've had the phrase "Tattaglia's a pimp" stuck in my head.
This has been in my head too, can't get it out.
I saw a documentary on Pimps on cable and I was like wow, they don't look anything like Tattaglia.
Also I was thinking about how rappers and DJ's have glorified Pimping, and should take that phrase from the Godfather movie and scratch it or mix it in to their music.
The Godfather theme has been sampled many, many times -- it's kind of like saying that hip hop needs more Scarface posters.
It just goes to show you what a genius actor Brando was. One stupid little line can stick in your head like that. Only great actors can do that.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.950035
Retrieved Text: Created by Alex Bradshaw, On The Brink is a documentary following the budding Hip-Hop scene in Australia, and in particular, Sydney.
Premiered by Highsnobiety, the documentary focuses on the artists who are making the Hip-Hop scene in Sydney what it is today, and what it’s about to become. The documentary features stunning visuals, intimate interviews and as behind the scenes footage from live shows and studio sessions.
Featuring artists The Yung Dready Bastrd, Lil Spacely, Big Skeez, Cult Shøtta, Travy P, Royce Drixhen, Miles Glyphers, DJ Ziggy, Miracle, Domba and Kwame among others, On The Brink is the most in-depth, insightful piece of work that we’ve seen to date on the new-wave of Hip-Hop coming out of Australia.
We can’t wait to look back on this documentary in five years, and remember what was happening when Hip-Hop in Australia was on the brink of blowing up globally.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.927155
Retrieved Text: Jermaine Dupri Talks Presidency, Janet, Usher, and MC!!
Atlanta’s own Jermaine Dupri, called into the Funk Flex Show in NYC last week to clear up all the rumors about JD’s new job as President of Island Def Jam records. He talks everything from Mariah, to Usher, to even Janet Jackson. Now that Janet’s contract is officially over at Virgin, could she be moving over to Island Def-Jam?
I don’t know, but would that be a good look for the Island Def Jam to having to ballad powerhouse(ish) MC, and Pop Leader(ish) Janet on the same label? And whatever happened to that damn duet that was supposed to happen between the two?
With all the healthy discussion over Hip-Hop in mainstream media recently, and the proper or more less—improper way it’s influencing our society. I’ve searched the internet to find more subject matter to give my readers. Bottom line, he’s an activist.
Meet Byron Hurt. He’s an independent film maker who’s made a tight new documentary titled Hip-Hop:Beyond Beats And Rhymes. More than a filmmaker, Byron Hurt is an anti-sexist activist who provides cutting-edge male leadership, expert analysis, keynote addresses, and workshop facilitation in the field of sexual and gender violence prevention and education.
In his gripping new documentary that aired on PBS recently, Byron addresses the art form's problems with sexism, masculinity, violence, and homophobia.
And let’s face it, as far as Hip-Hop is concerned if you aren’t any of the things listed above, or at least the majority. Then you’re not a man. The brutha raises some interesting questions that should

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.48918
Retrieved Text: Home » People » stellarartwars » "Go Time (scratched perversion mix) inc stems"
Inspired by today’s listen to several hip-hop oriented Radio 1 Essential Mixes, from Scratch Perverts and Coldcut. First thing this morning I watched a YouTube documentary on the classic Casio CZ101 synth, which I’ve used for the bass on this. There’s a free VSTi for those interested in these sounds called CZ-10XV. All parts available to sample.
"Go Time (scratched perversion mix) inc stems"

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.35822
Retrieved Text: It’s time for Zim Hip-hop to accept Stunner. Zim Hip-hop is has a wide range of rappers and hip-hop heads (From Outspoken to Stunner… to Schingy), some of whom would like to believe that their quality of Hip-hop is realer than other people’s hip-hop. There is is an inner battle between the mainstream and underground and then between vernacular (Shona/Ndebele/ <insert language her>) rappers. Some would like to believe that all hip-hop music spat in Shona should be called urban grooves.
In my opinion urban grooves is more a classification rather than an actual genre. In the era when Prof. Jonathan Moyo made the 75% local content bill, RnB, Dancehall, Hip-hop and any urban genres were collectively put under a category called urban grooves. I have proof of this because even at award shows Maskiri would be nominated with Ngoni, regardless that their genres are obviously different. That would never have been urban grooves. Of course the Sanii Makhalima’s still fight for the propagation of that term but to the rest of us that term is a diss to Zim Hip hop. That said, let’s accept Stunner as a Zim Hip-hop artiste.
Oh, I’ve also argued with some of you about Noble Stylz been a part of this. See the thing is, when you deny Stunner, Maskiri and Noble Stylz their Zim Hip-hop status based on the language and instrumentation then you are saying Hip-hop is confined to American instrumentation and American Accents. So when you hear Navy Seal, Tehn Diamond and Karma, who have also done exceptionally

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.15357
Retrieved Text: Sol Rising's original soundscapes evoke feelings of bliss throughout an eclectic mix of electronic music and hip-hop. Born in Vancouver BC, Brandon began meditating at age four with a walking mantra technique. His mother took him to visit numerous spiritual teachers, who inspired him on the spiritual path he walks today. As a teenager, he became a hip hop fanatic. His rooted interest in hip hop led him to learning the art of scratching — using turntables as musical instruments. Sol Rising soon became one of America’s top scratch DJs, winning second place at the DMC, the world’s most prestigious DJ competition.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.873207
Retrieved Text: For the second year running Hip-Hop will be on the menu at the Homelands Festival at The Bowl in Winchester. Rightfully given its own space last year, the Hip-Hop arena was a runaway success and the organisers have booked another excellent line-up to continue its popularity among the festival goers.
Over in the Hip Hop arena and returning for the second year is Jazzy Jeff. He was one of the favourites last year and will again be chopping through some Hip Hop classics while Grandmaster Melle Mel and Scorpio will need no introduction as they bring the old school flavour. Also dropping damage on the one’s and two’s are DMC champ Kentaro and The Scratch Perverts.
Live PA’s for the day include grime mc Kano and Mike Skinner’s first signing to his The Beats label, Mitchell Brothers. Representing UK Hip Hop to the fullest is Skinnyman with DJ Flip, and Rodney P and Skitz. Your host for the day is Kiss FM’s Shortee Blitz.
The all day and night dance festival attracts a wide range of music lovers wishing to take in anything from Hip Hop to House and as well as a dedicated Hip Hop arena, Roots Manuva and The Streets will be performing on the main live stage.
The organisers also promise a special act yet to be announced who will be headlining the Hip Hop arena but are keeping the details of who it could be close to their chest at the moment. Tickets cost Â£56.50 and are available from www.meanfiddler.com The day goes on from 1pm

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.83259
Retrieved Text: DJ SuperNova has enjoyed an illustrious career spanning over 10 years. Of Dominican decent, the Bronx native emerged from the birth place of hip hop set to make an indelible mark on the game. Fascinated by the South African hip hop scene and passionate about sharing his fascination with others, SuperNova embarked on documenting this journey in a short documentary series titled U(SA). The 7 part doccie series features some of the biggest names in SA hip hop sharing their thoughts and views on the state of the local game. His dedication to shedding light on South Africa’s incredible hip hop talent extended to him helping coordinate AKA, Cassper Nyovest, Nasty C and Kwesta’s famous Sway in the Morning appearances. We chatted to the LA based DJ about his affinity for SA hip hop, the U(SA) documentary series and which local artists his excited about this year.
Q: For those who haven’t been introduced to you yet, who is SuperNova?
A: SuperNova is one of the baddest motherf*ckers of all time. SuperNova is a DJ who is using music to connect people that seem to be worlds apart. The goal is to make it cool for people to work together regardless of where they are from.
Q: How did your relationship with South African hip hop emerge?
A: I was blessed to meet Naked DJ & Lulo Cafe on my very first trip to South Africa back in July of 2011. We all were DJ’ing at a club called Equilibrium – now Prime – in Grahamstown. Once I started DJ’ing,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.675907
Retrieved Text: One of the most intriguing aspects of music is what influences how we create it and engage with it. Rock-and-roll is heavily tied to biker culture, while country music is inextricably linked to rural culture. Hip-hop, as the genre most reflective of our everyday experiences, is perhaps most strongly influenced by outside niche cultures and public figures. (Just look up how many times Madonna, Bill Gates, Nia Long, and Michael Jordan have been mentioned on hip-hop tracks!) And aside from maybe the most boastful showman, Muhammad Ali, legendary singer and activist Bob Marley has undeniably influenced hip-hop, as well. In fact, hip-hop owes most of its sound, structure and swag to reggae and larger Jamaican culture.
Many of us are familiar with the technique of "scratching," which is when a DJ uses records on a turntable to cause friction and create a rhythmic, high-pitched noise. Though this method became popular in New York's South Bronx, it was actually created in Jamaica as "dubbing." Reggae records would have an A-side of fully composed songs; the B-side would contain chopped-up remixes of the original songs that allowed the record cutters (the original DJs) to manipulate different components of the track.
The mastering of dubbing in reggae allowed an artist to "toast"—the predecessor to rapping or emceeing—over instrumental versions of songs. Jamaican DJs usually existed only to hype up songs, but dubbing pioneer King Tubby set a new standard with his emphasis on giving bass and rhythm a prominent spot on his remixes. Tubby commissioned DJ extraordinaire U-Roy to toast over

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.665485
Retrieved Text: "Presents the Senegalese capital of Dakar as a global center of hip hop, claiming that 3,000 groups are actively creating this style of music in the Wolof language... Combining freestyle hip hop segments with interviews of journalists, artists, and politicians, this is recommended for African studies collections and fans of world music."
"Music can call people to action and become a site of political struggle, both supporting and resisting the regime in power. DEMOCRACY IN DAKAR is a smart film that makes this point in the context of Senegal. The subject is hip hop and rap music, and the setting is the years of the administration of Abdoulaye Wade, including his first electoral victory in 2000 and his subsequent and much more controversial re-election in 2007. Suitable for high school and college courses in cultural anthropology, anthropology of art/music, political anthropology, and African studies, as well as general audiences."
"Democracy in Dakar is a film that all urban youth should see. It is a movement that has come full circle and return back to the United Sates."
"Democracy in Dakar is a captivating analysis of the political scene in Senegal seen through the eyes of young hip hop artists and activists. Intellectually vibrant and artistically brilliant, this film brings to light a new way of seeing how young people engage with democracy. Herson, McIlvaine, and Moore seamlessly weave together a narrative of frustration, hope, and empowerment as a new generation finds its political voice."
"I have screened Democracy in Dakar three times... I await with baited breath for Democracy in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.396034
Retrieved Text: Update: The full video of Nas’ perfomance with the National Symphony Orchestra is now available above.
The ha, the ha, you never thought hip-hop would take it this far. You know the words, and the legendary voice who spoke them, but even The Notorious BIG would be utterly shocked to find out just how far the culture would go in the twenty years since he released “Juicy.” For instance, who could have ever envisioned Biggie’s fellow New York rap icon Nas performing his seminal debut Illmatic in its entirety at the Kennedy Center in Washington, DC with the National Symphony Orchestra? Or that this groundbreaking performance would become the subject of a documentary airing on PBS on February 2nd at 9 PM entitled Nas Live From The Kennedy Center — Classical Hip Hop?
The documentary, directed by Jason Goldwatch and executive produced by Nas, Anthony Saleh, and Peter Bittenbender, will also chronicle Nas’ come-up from the Queensbridge Housing Projects of New York to the very performance described above. It will feature both archival footage and photos of a young Nas and the performance at The Kennedy Center, with classic hip-hop songs such as “It Ain’t Hard To Tell,” “New York State Of Mind,” and “The World Is Yours.” One of hip-hop’s avowed classics is being played in classical style in the capital city of the United States. Biggie would be proud.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.91029
Retrieved Text: Hip-hop is rap; hip-hop is breakdancing; hip-hop is graffiti; hip-hop is scratching; hip-hop is…roller skating? I’ve lived in Los Angeles my entire life, raised with hip-hop heads, and I never knew of the immensity of the underground roller skating scene.
We have filmmakers Tina Brown and Dyana Winkler to thank for bringing this lesser-known subculture to light. Together, they deliver a fun look at the nationwide love of roller skating within many black communities and a so-so argument as to why its fading presence is a cause for concern.
The film focuses primarily on adults who skate in the evening, frequently called “Adult Nights,” where there is usually a DJ who plays hours of hip-hop and R&B. These skate sessions often include different forms of dance, gymnastics and even acrobatics. Kentucky Throws, Baltimore Snapping, Texas Slowwalk, Atlanta Jackknife, Ohio Stride – these are just some of the signature moves you’ll find at roller rinks across the country.
Watching these passion-fueled skaters roll dance on two wheels, swing through each other’s legs and back handspring across the floor is awesome entertainment. Not everybody can pull off the flashy tricks, so the less-skilled skaters hang out just outside the boards to admire and applaud. But everyone participates in rolling around the rink, and they’ve all got pep in their strides, big smiles across their faces and a glow in their hearts.
Skate events like these formed during more segregated times then evolved, reaching their peak during the ’80s and ’90s, about the same time rap and breakdancing emerged from the underground scene.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.631363
Retrieved Text: An intimate portrait of an African-American family from Philadelphia, facing the same issues of inequality and neglect that plagues so much of America’s urban landscape, is captured in the documentary “Quest,” which gets a Northwest Film Center screening over three nights at the Portland Art Museum.
The Northwest Film Center brings one the year’s most incisive, tender portraits of life in America with the screening of “Quest,” a documentary that follows a black family living in Philadelphia during the Obama presidency.
The debut documentary, by film director Jonathon Olshefski, follows Christopher “Quest” Rainey, a pillar of the local hip-hop community who uses his basement studio to give young rappers a shot, while his wife Christine’a (“Ma Quest”) works at a local health care facility. Their studio space acts as a refuge from the harsh streets, but those same streets send the family into crisis at points, as random violence affects their lives.
In the end, however, the Raineys’ strong familial bonds rise above, and Quest—shot over a 10-year period—gracefully lets us in on a look at one family’s deeply felt experience of this historic period in American life.
‘Quest” shows at 7 p.m. on Friday, March 10, Saturday, March 10 and Sunday, March 10 at Whitsell Auditorium at the Portland Art Museum, downtown. Tickets are $9 general, $8 for students and seniors and $6 for children.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.614405
Retrieved Text: Hip-hop has made its way into the academy and is increasingly becoming accepted as a legitimate field of inquiry, with many top universities around the country offering classes in hip-hop studies, exploring not only hip-hop as a musical genre but also the history and role of hip-hop culture in society—creating a bridge that connects the past to the present.
It’s in that context that Patrick Douthit, better known as 9th Wonder, has been working to preserve 40 years of hip-hop history by teaching students to critically consider how this rich and complex culture is translated into the universal language of music. And 9th Wonder’s classes—both at Duke and Harvard University—are filled to capacity with students who are eager to immerse themselves in the hip-hop tradition.
9th Wonder is a Grammy Award-winning producer who has worked with some of the most prolific artists in the music industry, including Jay Z, Mary J. Blige, Kendrick Lamar, Ludacris, Lecrae, Drake, Murs, Destiny’s Child, Chris Brown and Erykah Badu. He’s also a skilled turntablist and acclaimed rapper who currently raps under the name “9thmatic.” He was previously part of the Durham, N.C.-based group Little Brother, rapping alongside Phonte and Big Pooh from 2001 to 2010.
In recent years, 9th Wonder has added the titles of hip-hop scholar and college professor to his list of credentials. After 9th Wonder was appointed artist in residence at North Carolina Central University in 2007, where he taught a “History of Hip-Hop” course, a chance encounter with Neal led to their first collaborative effort, teaching a “Sampling Soul”

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.22417
Retrieved Text: It's probably fair to say that hip-hop has been one of the most globally influential design of music since some young wag stepped on Elvis's blue suede shoes. Starting being a voice for African-American and Latin communities in the states, hip-hop soon spread and became the soundtrack for the 80's, 90's along with the new millennium. Annually its influence and penetration increase, from commercials to films, and from charts to bars. In this section I am going to explain the basic principles of hip-hop production and also 20 must know tips to get the best hip-hop tracks possible.
With hip-hop its by pointing out beats - you will want inspired!
Beats will be the backbone of all hip-hop. If you're to the cheeky one-two of Dre's Eminem productions or juddering steps of Dj Premier, you need to be sure that regardless of anything else is playing, your beat still stands up to scrutiny. As US comic Chris Rock put it: "If the beat's alright, they'll dance through the night."
As we've already seen, hip-hop beats commenced as breaks from records, beatboxes and sampling drum machines, so its a breeze for hip-hop produced over a computer to sound a bit lifeless. Live playing and clever quantisation can fix this, though. The main trick is always to maintain it sparse and once you do have a basic groove going, try applying for different percussive hits before adding more.
Also, its important to keep it simple. In case you pay attention to professional hip-hop productions, you'll find that its rare for two main

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.055923
Retrieved Text: There is a generation of rap fans that largely listens to rap music made by artists that are now middle-aged, have children, wives and mortgages. You know, normal adult stuff and admittedly a lot of those listeners, but by no means all, also fit that description. This is not because they suddenly decided to take up rap while having a midlife crisis but because they have been recording music for decades since their teens and their fans have grown with them. There are also clearly ‘adult rappers’ who refuse to grow up and that’s alright too, each to their own. Now a documentary, that you can rent right now on Vimeo, called Adult Rappers (trailers below) takes a very in-depth and interesting look at independent working class hip hop musicians. Incorporating over 30 interviews with ‘adult rappers’, it explores a largely untouched topic despite us constantly hearing about older musicians who are making rock music into their 60s. The documentary features the likes of Esoteric, Homeboy Sandman, Soul Khan, R.A. The Rugged Man, J-Zone and a whole lot more.
The film spotlights independent artists struggling to find a balance between making a living and pursuing their art alongside the never-ending saga of age and relevance.
The documentary is the brainchild of visual content creator Paul Iannacchino Jr. and is available on demand to rent via Vimeo for only $0.99 or £0.69 if you’re in the UK. You can barely buy a can of cola for that sort of change these days so head over to the documentary page

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.028633
Retrieved Text: This month’s Netflix Find is The Art of Organized Noize, a music documentary about the sound architects behind rap's most remarkable groups Outkast and Goodie Mob. Formed in the early 90s, Ray Murray, Sleepy Brown and Rico Wade laid the foundation that would push Atlanta’s rap scene, and as a result modern hip hop, forward. The documentary follows the trio’s humble beginnings in East Point, GA, where they were fusing hip hop beats with live instrumentation in their basement studio famously known as The Dungeon to their meteoric rise as renowned hip hop producers responsible for such hits as Playaz Ball (Outkast), Cell Therapy (Goodie Mob), the Grammy nominated R&B hit Don’t Let Go/Love (En Vogue) and the juggernaut that was Waterfalls (TLC). The Art of Organized Noize contains interviews from members of The Dungeon Family, as well as hip hop notables Ludacris, Sean Puffy Combs, 2 Chainz, Future, legendary producer LA Reid, Pebbles and the new era of beat makers Sunny Digital, Metro Boomin, and the Justice League.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.960922
Retrieved Text: The evolution of the rhythmic speech really of hip hop, of rapping again we have to understand that when Africans went to America and to the Caribbean and to Brazil South America, it was like in Jamaica for example, I will give you the Jamaican example. You have 20 different African linguistic groups in Jamaica. All of whom have different words but different rhythmic tonality. So, what you think of as the Jamaican Patwa accent is not just Jamaicans failing to speak English properly, its Africanised English. It has the bit of flex the rhythmic tonalities and syntax and even the structure of tenses in Jamaican Patwa are the structures of tenses in the West African linguistic groups. We still don’t even have some of the words like the word pygmy, it’s not an English word, we say pygmy means chop, well it’s like that in Sierra Leone and there’s various other words and tonalities in Jamaica.
I suppose the Jamaican accent really lends itself so easiy to to rap because West African speech if you know it, European speech is structured in Arabic, twos, one, two didum didum didum didum. West African speech is on threes, I can’t do it as well as my friend did it in the documentary, he just did recently but it’s very rhythmical speech and that continues from jazz.
So in early jazz music you know, we have Skank you can go on YouTube and watch Ella Fitzgerald you know doing these sounds and no one explains why. But when you understand

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.915329
Retrieved Text: Charlie Ahearn's groundbreaking film about hip-hop, graffiti, break dancing, and rap in eighties New York celebrates its 25th anniversary with a new 35-mm. print.
Nothing else comes close to capturing the atmosphere of the early days of hip-hop and spraycan art, of the burned-out and derelict Bronx.
Wild Style lacks a lot of the style of the people in it, but it never neutralizes their vitality.
Hip-hop rolls on tractor treads now, unafraid to colonize those who hesitate, but in 1982 it was small, self-selecting, and as specific to New York as the World Trade Center.
It's a fascinating time capsule, worth examining for anyone interested in the cultural roots of hip hop.
As a time capsule and a sociological document, it's difficult to overstate its importance, but it's also tremendous fun.
I guess it depends on what you go to the movies for, but for me Wild Style is a classic and a remarkable example of what the medium can do to an audience.
It's great to see again this bolt of ghetto joy, a kind of updated West Side Story, that shows hip-hop as a living, breathing expression of cultural resistance rather than a crunky, cheerless set of cruddy grunts and boasts from which to make money.
This unpolished but authentic film, a drama with the honesty of a documentary, shows hip-hop pure and unvarnished.
The acting is stilted, and the story almost non-existent. But that isn't the point, Wild Style is a cult classic - indisputably the most important hip hop movie, ever.
There are no featured reviews for Wild Style at this

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.466991
Retrieved Text: I’m a fun-loving, bubbly Capricorn who loves walks on the beach and Indy movies (that one’s actually lifted from my online dating profile). I’ve been writing hip hop lyrics for about ten years now, producing hip hop for about 5 years and being rejected for dates on my online dating profile for about 3 years. I grew up in the West Midlands but have made Bristol my home for the past 8 years, which I now consider my musical hub. I help run various hip hop events in Bristol, including Scribble N Scratch – a live graffiti battle night – and host a live hip hop open mic alongside hip hop band DeCyphers, of which I am a member.
Where did the name G00SE come from?
It’s actually a childhood nickname given to me by my sister, so nothing particularly gangster rap about it. It’s not from the movie “Top Gun” so if people could stop asking me about that that’d be great. The “0’s” were added instead of “O’s” ahead of my last release, for legal reasons, as there’s some Belgian house DJ’s or something called “Goose”. Maybe one day we’ll collab.
You released Living Poets Society on In The Balance records, how did the hookup with Verb T come about?
The Verb T hookup actually came through my good friend Chillman who I’m in hip hop group Verbal Highz with, alongside Entra P and Coosie. Chillman had already dropped his ‘Abstract Patterns’ LP on In The Balance records and put my music in Verb T’s ear who then

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.432465
Retrieved Text: Read more about "Brazil My Love"
AN ALLEGORICAL PICTURE ABOUT DISCOVERING ONESELF ON A CONSCIOUS AND SUBCONSCIOUS LEVEL, ABOUT REACHING OUT INTO THE DEEPEST, HIDDEN SECRETS.
Le disque is a vidéo-danse created in collaboration with contemporary dancer Kim-Sanh Chau.
Cervical cancer was the major killer disease in India.
Documentary about extreme nutrition and physical activity.
What would happen if a person ate fast food for 30 days?
An exploration into the human psyche and the impacts influencing her physicality and mentality.
A One-Year Timelapse project under Greek Skies!
THE VOYAGE, an emotionally charged short film by the celebrated husband-wife team BJ and Richeille Formento.
“The Puzzle” is a Macedonian documentary film about the meaning of the hip hop culture in our region. This is not a classic hip hop documentary.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.2752
Retrieved Text: After sharing a kiss with his male co-writer, a pretentious rapper must choose between his truth or his career, a decision that could cost him his life. That’s the underlying theme of filmmaker Nelson Lassiter’s new web series Single Record.
Lassiter’s previous web series #NoHomo was a hysterical look at two straight friends who try to gay bait straight women.
The cast is predominantly African American and tells the story of a hip hop artist who discovers his sexuality and battles his inner demons while trying to play straight in public.
Single Record is told in the style of a documentary narrative where not everyone’s truth is fact. It’s flawlessly executed and beautifully shot.
Single Record, an LGBTQ Hip Hop series, launches on Dekkoo on January 24 and Revry on February 1.
For behind the scenes and updates from the creator of the series follow on Instagram @nmoseslass.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.234758
Retrieved Text: The debate of whether beats or rhymes are the most important aspect of hip hop has been going on for a very long time, at least since the ’90s. I could be wrong, but I feel like most people view hip hop of the ’90s to be equal parts rapping and production. It’s generally believed that it was during that decade that both rapping and production reached their peaks. Since then, however, hip hop has changed a whole lot. When you look at the hip hop of today and compare it to the hip hop of the past, it’s like looking at two different worlds. In this day and age, there is much more variety in the styles of hip hop. There’s ’90s throwback, early ’00s style boom bap, trap rap, cloud rap, electronic influenced hip hop (and hip hop influenced electronic), jazz rap, many different facets of pop rap, soulful hip hop (reminiscent of 9th Wonder’s earlier work), and even folk rap (The Uncluded’s (Aesop Rock and Kimya Dawson) album Hokey Fright from earlier this year). The styles of production are endless. In many cases, the level of lyricism in current hip hop can be traced back to the production that it corresponds with. For example, cloud rap, which was popularized by Lil B, is often associated with very simplistic lyrics. Of course, there are exceptions, such as Sadistik, but for the most part, the rappers who select cloud rap beats have simple flows and simple lyrics. That doesn’t mean that they’re bad rappers or

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.064167
Retrieved Text: The most in-depth look yet at the burgeoning Indian underground hip hop scene. Hip Hop Homeland is a series of raw, gritty profiles about a fast emerging youth trend which cuts across gender, class and geography, and makes powerful statements of youth identity and voice. The first eleven videos cover the growth of the movement in Mumbai, spanning the entire scope of hip hop subculture – from rap to other forms of self-expression like dance and visual art. This new trend is coming through the slums and the chawls, and the rappers covered in the series speak in a street `bhasha’ that draws on local languages in a quest for authenticity.
The songs they sing are not about the Yo Yo flavoured escapist fantasy of clubs, cars and women, but about the real issues these artists face in their ‘hood’. Within a broader cultural context, these are songs and experiences that India’s Bollywood culture has ignored, focussing instead on escapist fantasy. Brash and unafraid, this is the sound of a brave new India talking about what matters in real life. These are voices worth listening to and their words are being amplified across the internet to a broader audience. Hip Hop Homeland begins in Mumbai but travels on to Kashmir, Shillong, Punjab, Calcutta and ends in South India.
Q1. How was your experience while they were shooting you for the documentary ?
A1. while shooting the documentary I did not really think much about how big it would be, I was just trying to show people what I do

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.008804
Retrieved Text: Welcome back to Clear The Air Series. If this is your first read in the series, welcome! Last week we put out part one of the series – Clear The Air, Part One: A defence for Ugandan Trap music (read it here). This week’s episode will move further away from the trap music topic and focus on why we need to teach one as we reach one.
Bullying and threatening people are something of antiquity and it isn’t new right? It is 2017 and hip hop has actually bullies who exist online in most cases. They will make a young and aspiring rapper to quit before they hardly started. They will make you think you are not worth participating in anything hip hop. They will tell you aren’t hip hop without giving you any genuine or specific reason.
I love bullying, only if it is knowledge bulling me! My continued experience with hip hop has shown and taught me that; there are so many young people subscribing to hip hop along the different elements. In Uganda most youth will tell you “I am into Breaking” another will say Rapping. And in most cases one may do graffiti and breaking or Deejaying and Rapping. They love the art and want to have fun – knowledge should be an element they should be offered.
When they go astray as regards what is what or which is which – a hot lash of insults often creeps. Others will simply pay no ear and hope – “just another wacky rapper gets dissolved”. Rapping/Emceeing

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.975792
Retrieved Text: I’m extremely honored to be featured on TheBlackManCan.com’s League of EXTRAordinary Black Men! Check out the piece at the link below!
I just wanted to share this discussion from last week on the controversial film, Django Unchained, that was hosted by Al Elliott. Al Elliott will be having regular discussions on Google+ hangouts about important issues, so stay tuned and get involved.
This week I watched the new documentary film, “The House I Live In” by Eugene Jarecki, that highlights the impact that the War on Drugs has had on economically marginalized communities. Although I was thoroughly impressed with the film, it is not the only documentary out there that has dealt with this issue. The documentary “Planet Rock: The Story of Hip Hop and The Crack Generation” by Ice-T is another powerful film that has also examined this topic.
The New Jim Crow, a term coined by legal scholar Michelle Alexander, describes the oppressive segregation that has resulted from the war on drugs, mandatory minimum sentences and the continued criminalization of African-American communities. This film features Hip Hop legends such as Chuck D, Rakim, Raekwon, RZA, Pepa, Snoop Lion (aka Snoop Dogg), Too Short, B-Real and others. A number of leading scholars contribute to the film such as, Michelle Alexander, Todd Boyd, Paul Butler, Nelson George and more. There is also powerful commentary from two former drug dealers, “Freeway” Rick Ross and Azie Faison along with stories from individuals, who experienced crack cocaine addiction themselves. Planet Rock weaves all of these stories together through the lens of Hip

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.8574
Retrieved Text: I got mine 2 weeks ago for 19.99 and then a friend I let borrow it found it for $2 a couple days ago....I WAS LIKE THANK YA LORD!!! LOL....the DVD is remarkable though!!
It was powerful. It was evidence that Redeemed hip hop can lead to worship. It was beautiful how he let the song legacy to twist into worship like that!
The Documentary was awesome too.
It was evidence that Redeemed hip hop is worship.
for all who've seen the dvd, just how good is it? is it definately worth getting? i mean, i remember when cm's holy culture concert dvd came out some years back and some were hyping it. when i finally bought and watched it, i didn't really enjoy it. i mean, i'm sure the actual concert was live and happening but the filming didn't really do it justice. poor lighting, unclear images and camera work that made it look like a homemade recording in some cases.
for any who may have seen that dvd, how is this one in comparison? worth the purchase? and how long is the documentary and other special features in it?
nice, will most likely be getting this 1 then!
This is an excellent video! From the camera shots to the sound quality to the documentary - all were done with excellence. Hats off to Da T.R.U.T.H. and everyone involved in the project. It is definitely worth getting!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.83168
Retrieved Text: ZZ Ward didn't have to look far for inspiration on her second full-length album, The Storm. Equally evocative of blues grit and hip-hop bounce, the Los Angeles-based vocal powerhouse and multi-instrumentalist leapt forward by taking a deeper look at some of her earliest inspirations including Howlin Wolf, Robert Johnson, and Vera Ward Hall and Big Mama Thornton.
The Fedora-rocking, guitar-shredding, harmonica-wielding blues siren peppered an old back porch musical recipe with hip-hop urgency and hashtag wisdom on her 2012 mixtape Eleven Roses. Followed by her full-length debut Til The Casket Drops. "For me, this album wasn't really about experimenting," she admits.
"It was more about simplicity, honing in on what I love about music and what makes me who I am as an artist. Growing up, I listened to a lot of hip-hop and blues, and I love those two genres so much. Sometimes, to evolve you don't need to go outside of yourself; you can reach further inside of yourself instead."

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.440308
Retrieved Text: `Haunting, unsettling and eerily beautiful' - Rachel Caine ONE SPARK WILL RISE Nina Kane was born to be an exorcist. And since uncovering the horrifying truth-that the war against demons is far from over-seventeen-year-old Nina and her pregnant sister, Mellie, have been on the run, incinerating the remains of the demon horde as they go. In the badlands, Nina, Mellie, and Finn, the fugitive and rogue exorcist who saved her life, find allies in a group of freedom fighters.
They also face a new threat: Pandemonia, a city full of demons.
But this fresh new hell is the least of Nina's worries.
The well of souls ran dry more than a century ago, drained by the demons secretly living among humans, and without a donor soul, Mellie's child will die within hours of its birth. Nina isn't about to let that happen . . . even if it means she has to make the ultimate sacrifice.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.358784
Retrieved Text: In 1972, German scientist Renner Scholz travels to Barbora Bay, Washington to continue his research in recombinant DNA technology. Only believing in things proven by science, his deeply held beliefs are challenged when he meets Milena Nowak, a psychic. After a whirlwind romance, Renner becomes obsessed with understanding Milena's unexplainable ability. Stumbling upon an exclusive occult ritual involving an evil spell that connects him to the spiritual realm where psychic abilities and power originate, he finds the answers he's been searching for...but at a cost.
Compelled by the ritual, Renner pursues a new vein of research. He develops the genetic blueprint to produce psychic abilities in humans—creating a superhuman—without realizing he is the main player in a plot to destroy mankind.
Milena senses that Renner has changed and a new darkness resides within him. Helplessly she watches as the man she loves transforms, becoming deceptive, volatile and both physically and mentally more powerful. Can Milena save Renner from this evil presence? Or will she become an unwilling participant in his next experiment—one of the darkest kinds?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.858343
Retrieved Text: While the past year has introduced Modesto native Jeremy Renner to fatherhood, don’t expect the actor to begin starring in children’s movies anytime soon.
The two-time Academy Award nominee returns to the big screen next in another decidedly adult feature, the acclaimed crime caper “American Hustle.” Set in a swirling world of corruption and cons, the film is loosely based on real-life FBI operations of the late 1970s and early 1980s run in New Jersey. The fictional account follows a con man, his mistress and wife (Christian Bale, Amy Adams and Jennifer Lawrence, respectively) who work with an FBI agent (Bradley Cooper) to target a powerful Jersey mayor (Renner).
Renner, 42, and his ex-girlfriend welcomed a baby girl, Ava Berlin Renner, in March. Still, the Beyer High graduate and Modesto Junior College alum said kiddie films don’t fit his personality. “I don’t have a very Disney spirit, anyway,” he joked.
There also was the stellar cast Russell assembled. Each of the leading stars has at least one Academy Award nomination, Renner included.
“It’s always a lovely thing to do and a learning opportunity to work with people like that,” Renner said. “It felt pretty easy working together. It was not an easy movie to shoot. It was a 180-page script. It’s not a movie studios make these days – a dense script and a dense story. But there’s a lot going on, which makes it very exciting for audiences to watch.
The cast includes Lawrence, 23, who won an Oscar for her last collaboration with Russell, “Silver Linings Playbook,” and has

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.40716
Retrieved Text: What is the meaning of life in 5 words? If you’re lucky enough to find the Tree of Life reaching for the sky, you realize you had the answer all along. The "Life in 5 Words" project began in the desert of Black Rock City, at Burning Man 2010. A small wooden desk is built on the side of the road. It is guarded by the Tree of Life, a "palm" tree with leafy hands outstretched to the sky. Inside there is the blank Book of Life. Anyone who opens this mysterious book is greeted with the question “What is the meaning of life?” The Catch: your answer has to be in 5 words, no more no less. Answers will be written within the book’s dusty pages throughout the week of Burning Man. Ravers, demons, and dusty pilgrims will stop to reflect and contribute their answers. It is a shared experience; anyone and everyone has access to the book.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.177864
Retrieved Text: Walkway Over the Hudson has hired Jaclyn Renner, a fundraising professional with experience working for regional and national nonprofits, as Director of Development. In her new role, Renner is responsible for individual donor cultivation, Walkway stewardship, the Walkway’s membership program, directing the annual Starry Starry Night benefit, as well as leading the Walkway’s Ten-Year Anniversary campaign and event calendar.
Jaclyn’s work focuses on development, event planning, and marketing. Throughout her career, she has led dynamic, multi-faced fundraising programs and community events, most recently for The Arthritis Foundation and American Heart Association.
A lifelong Hudson Valley resident, Renner is a graduate of the State University of New York at Albany and a member of Alpha Xi Delta Women’s Fraternity.
Renner resides in Poughkeepsie with her husband Ben and their three rescue dogs Redd, Violet, and Jade. She can be reached at jrenner@walkway.org and 845-454-9649.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.03252
Retrieved Text: How long do you think you could stare down the business end of a loaded pistol without looking away, blinking, or maybe laughing just to dispel the tension? How long do you think you could stand having a loaded revolver pointed at your head without either breaking into a cold sweat or possibly trying to run away, knowing that no matter how fast you run, a bullet is always profoundly faster? Naturally, this is an existential question. Very few people ever experience something like this unless it’s at the movies or on a tv show or in a dangerous fantasy.
Still, this is how writing Relentless felt to me. From the moment I started with the first few lines, “relentless/as a hum,” I knew I was going to be in for the ride of my life and don’t kid yourself, writing twenty pages of poetry is not like strolling through an English garden just before high tea. Especially, when it’s twenty pages of something that will become part of DILLINGER.
I had written poems about Baby Face Nelson before. Russian Roulette stands out as one of the key sections regarding this character. But, I had never successfully gotten inside Baby Face’s head. Never really crawled back into the essence of that primal darkness before. And, I wanted to. Or to put it another way, I had to. I knew Dillinger inside out. The Name Is Dillinger, The Sign Of The Gun, The Corpse Is Dreaming are all very important ways of knowing and dreaming myself into John Dillinger.
But

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.031076
Retrieved Text: Taylor Sheridan’s “Wind River” takes its title from the American Indian reservation in Wyoming where the frozen body of a young Native American woman, Natalie Hanson (Kelsey Chow), is discovered by Cory Lambert (Jeremy Renner), a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agent. And if the film’s concluding title card, citing the epidemic of Native American women who go missing and remain missing, would suggest a film that unravels this woman’s identity, allowing her to be reclaimed as the person she was, that never really happens. In fact, “Wind River” reveals who she is almost immediately, and then spends little time on who she was, more often concerned with mood and employing it to bring home a point that, frankly, never quite connects with what that aforementioned title card evokes, muddling “Wind River’s” meaning.
The mood is cast by the danger of the place, where a blizzard can whip up seemingly within minutes, where going outdoors free of heavy winter clothing puts your life in peril within seconds, where a life led, we are told more than once, correlates directly to survival. Sheridan portrays that survival in both dramatic and comic terms, the latter seen when Jane Banner (Elizabeth Olsen), a Floridian FBI agent stationed in Las Vegas who is summoned in the wake of the frozen body, arrives without nary a hint of winter weather gear only to learn the body is five miles away in the snowy wilderness. She’s out of her element, yes, but not in over her head, which is a crucial delineation and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.447744
Retrieved Text: Jeremy Renner was not present in any of the promotional material for Infinity War and fans began to fear the worst. And then the movie came out and Hawkeye was nowhere to be seen and Marvel Cinematic Universe devotes were pretty angry. Fans were so angry that some even sent death threats to the Russo Brothers, according to Renner. However, Clint Barton is confirmed for Avengers 4, and Jeremy Renner promises that it’s going to be awesome.
Jeremy Renner is currently out promoting Tag and he’s obviously getting a lot of questions about Infinity War and Avengers 4. As per usual with any MCU star, they’re not able to say much, but Renner promises that there’s going to be some “stuff to come.” The Hawkeye actor also mentioned that fans of the last film are definitely going to enjoy the new one. He explains.
Additionally, Jeremy Renner discussed the outpouring of fan support that he received during the Infinity War circus. However, it seems that some of the more obsessive MCU devotees were a little crazy about the absence of Hawkeye in the movie. While Renner finds it flattering, he did admit that it was a little “intense.” He had this to say.
While Jeremy Renner couldn’t go into specifics about Avengers 4, it has been heavily rumored that he will have a large role to play this time around. There have even been rumors about Phase 4 of the MCU possibly including a Hawkeye standalone movie. Renner obviously did not comment on that aspect either. But as far

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.369696
Retrieved Text: Avengers: Infinity War is doing record-breaking business across the sphere and in the Indian market as well. The Marvel movie is recreating box office history. Within two weeks of its release, Avengers: Infinity War has not only surpassed the collection of The Jungle Book but has also become the first Hollywood film in India to cruise past Rs 200 crore mark. On the film's extraordinary feat, Taran Adarsh tweeted: "H-I-S-T-O-R-I-C... Rs 200 cr and counting... Avengers Infinity War [Week 2] Fri 7.17 cr, Sat 10.53 cr, Sun 13.04 cr, Mon 4.90 cr, Tue 4.31 cr, Wed 3.80 cr. Total: Rs 200.39 cr NettBOC. India biz... GrossBOC: Rs 256.91 cr... Avengers Infinity War"(sic).
The Top 2 HIGHEST GROSSING Hollywood films in India - #AvengersInfinityWar and #TheJungleBook - have a commonality... Disney India... That's a standout achievement!
Avengers: Infinity War opened to a whopping collection of Rs 30 crore, making it 2018's biggest opening in India. Trade pundits had predicted phenomenal collections for the film and much like their predictions, the film continues to do rake in brilliant numbers. "Infinity War has a must-see factor built on the concept of bringing together of an almost unimaginable array of top Marvel characters in one enormous cinematic extravaganza," a ComScore analyst had said. The latest Marvel franchise is a treat for superhero fans as it brings together the superheroes of The Avengers, Doctor Strange and Guardians Of The Galaxy.
To celebrate the grand success of the Avengers: Infinity War, the cast of the film got matching tattoos recently. Robert Downey Jr. (Iron Man),

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.345633
Retrieved Text: Chilling footage has been released of Andrew and Owen Runner’s now infamous black bear trophy hunt in Alaska last April.
The father-son duo are shown firing into the hollow that the mother bear and her cubs are hibernating in, killing the mother while the cubs shriek in fear. The father, Andrew Renner, then shoots two cubs at point-blank before hauling out the mother bear‘s corpse with his son. The men high-five, and then proceed to hack the mother bear into pieces, stuff her skin into a plastic bag, and leave the remains behind.
A few days later, the men returned to the scene to attempt to hide evidence of their heinous crime. They picked up spent bullet casings, stuffed the dead cubs into bags, and disposed of the mother bear’s tracking collar. Thankfully, the Renner’s crimes were captured by an on-site camera set up as part of a study by the Alaska Department of Fish and Game and the U.S. Forest Service. Andrew Renner is currently serving a five-month prison sentence, and both defendants were ordered to pay $1,800 restitution, the amount set by statute for illegally killing black bears. Andrew Renner had his hunting license revoked for 10 years, and Owen Renner for two years.
This video offers a preview of what could happen to Alaska’s bears and wolves if the current administration succeeds in rolling back protections for these animals. Sadly, killing cubs with females is already legal in certain parts of Alaska under certain circumstances. If the new proposals by the Trump administrations Interior Secretary are

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.11617
Retrieved Text: Amy Brock McNew doesn’t just write speculative fiction, she lives and breathes it. Exploring the strange, the supernatural, and the wonderfully weird, Amy pours her guts onto the pages she writes, honestly and brutally revealing herself in the process. Nothing is off-limits. Her favorite question is “what if?” and she believes fiction can be truer than our sheltered and controlled realities. Visit www.AmyBrockMcNew.com to learn more about this intriguing author.
And now, here are blurbs for each book in the series, including several novellas! Did I mention there's a lot happening here??
Every blaze emerges from a single spark.
Every diamond is created under extreme pressure.
From the moment they met, the intense connection between Liz Brantley and Ryland Vaughn ignited a fire that quickly raged to an inferno. Ryland accepted all of her, even what she saw as her curse, and gave Liz a peaceful hiding place from the demons that haunted her.
That bond is tested when evil is no longer content to hide in the shadows.
Forced to accept a new, confusing reality, Liz must learn to fight the hounds of Hell intent on destroying her world, or die trying.
But battling the demons within may be the bloodiest struggle of all.
Will her destiny tear them apart? Or will true love really conquer all?
Go back to the beginning and find out what brought Liz and Ryland together, and what may divide them forever.
Able to see and fight demonic forces, she has spent her life alone, battling the minions of hell bent on her destruction, running from the God who gave

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.94815
Retrieved Text: WIND RIVER is a stark look at life on the edge of the largest wilderness in the lower 48, where the rule of law is eclipsed by the laws of nature.
Jane (Elizabeth Olsen) will be forced to face her greatest weaknesses as a search for answers becomes a fight for survival. For Cory (Jeremy Renner), he must overcome his deepest fear to achieve his quest for redemption.
Cory Lambert discovers a body in the rugged wilderness of the Wind River Indian Reservation. The situation is eerily similar to the death of his own daughter. The FBI sends rookie agent JANE BANNER to investigate.
A Florida native, Jane is completely unprepared for the oppressive weather and isolation that is the essence of winter in Wyoming, and the extreme difficulties it places of the investigation. She employs Cory as a guide and tracker to assist her.
Together, they venture deep into a world ravaged by violence and the elements. While Jane is compelled to rely more on her instincts than her education, Cory is forced to confront emotions buried years ago as the possibility of solving not only this murder but also the disappearance of his daughter, unfolds before him.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.923477
Retrieved Text: A female black bear and her cub.
Andrew Renner and his son Owen cut a path on backcountry skis, toting rifles and seemingly confident it was just them and the black bears.
The hunters stopped at a den on a remote Alaska island and peered in to find their slumbering target. Owen Renner shouldered the rifle and fired at least two shots into a mother bear. Then the “shrieking” started, prosecutors said. The hunters listened for a few minutes and determined the origin of the cries: two cubs.
Andrew Renner looked through the scope and fired at point blank range, killing them alongside their mother.
The April 14 incident may have been just another case of mistakenly killing a female bear, or sow, with cubs, which is illegal in Alaska but rarely results in jail time. Accused hunters typically say the killings were inadvertent.
But the crime was captured on a stop-motion camera used to document the bears’ activity, and the sow wore a GPS-enabled collar – helping prosecutors piece together the illegal killing and coverup.
Andrew Renner, 41, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to three months in jail, fined $9,000 and required to forfeit vehicles, firearms, phones and skis used in the incident. Owen Renner, 18, was sentenced to suspended jail time and community service, prosecutors said in a statement, on charges related to the unlawful killing and falsifying records.
Alaska Assistant Attorney General Aaron Peterson told the court the incident was the “most egregious” cub poaching case his office had encountered and asked the court for a punishment that would deter

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.843435
Retrieved Text: Our readers can—and do— build it all, and Dusty Jerzak's 143 pieces of handcrafted house savers are just the tail end of it. We've been now saluted one of the top reader projects of the year each week at PopularMechanics.com, so get inspired below, then check out the rest!
Result: 143 pieces of handcrafted furniture--and one classic house saved from decay.
The Brooklyn Center, Minn., home of Daniel "Dusty" Jerzak and James "TJ" Renner showcases nearly 150 pieces of mission-style furniture--all designed and handcrafted in their garage shop. When Jerzak and Renner bought their turn-of-the-century home in 2003, they got a contractor's special--a former hangout for crack addicts, with buckling ceilings, missing windows and rotting pipes. They also got spiral stairways and slim hallways where standard furniture simply wouldn't fit. So, in addition to rehabbing the house, Jerzak and Renner started building furniture. They never stopped.
Their collection includes an armoire, dining room set, entertainment center, end tables and lamps. The staining alone took two months, working seven-day weeks. Their laborious process starts with a water-soluble dye applied with a cheesecloth. The dye highlights the wood's natural grain and, Jerzak says, creates a "warm, gentle base" that shows through the later coats.
Now, with a showcase house full of perfectly matched furniture, Jerzak and Renner are starting to focus on an even bigger project: convincing others to move into the gradually reviving neighborhood.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.79588
Retrieved Text: The Deprofiler: Website Offers Caucasian Masks To "Help A Friend Be White"
At the very least, Arizona's immigration laws have opened the door for some great satire. Don't get us wrong - it's certainly not an even trade. But with the ridiculous bill has come equally (though purposely) ridiculous humor.
The Deprofiler is a website offering free white people masks to "remove reasonable suspicion." The masks, which come with convenient dotted lines for you to cut them out, are hilarious and come in a wide range of whites: bland man with goatee, bland middle-aged woman with Supercuts 'do, and even bland baby. I chose bland guy with subtle soul-patch. You know, to keep it real.
Perhaps the best part of the site is the message accompanying the share links: "Sharing is caring, and in this case it just might keep someone out of jail. Help a friend be white today."

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.597471
Retrieved Text: Here is a club for those of love, respect and admire a man who died for our sins.A man who lived 2000 years ago. A man who was raised from the dead. A man who stood by the outcasts of the world. A man who healed as many people as he could. A man who's best friends were fishermen, tax collectors and a former woman of the night. A man who was wrongly accused of a crime that he did not do, yet he still faced the punishment. A man who demons run from. i speak of Jesus Christ: The son of God.
There is no leader, all who wish to come and go are free to do so.
This is not a place to attack or cause harm.
This is a club to do good, and never evil.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.501263
Retrieved Text: Legend has it that on the last day of every year, demons and evil creatures would create havoc. People named this as "Nian". On one snowing day of this day, a pretty young man with long silky hair picked up an abandoned baby and named her as "Xue".

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.474436
Retrieved Text: The Arrival star on her spellbinding new sci-fi film.
Amy Adams is having a good 2016.
Her supporting turn in blockbuster hit Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice might not have been the best vehicle to show off her acting skills, but Tom Ford’s dark thriller Nocturnal Animals and sci-fi film Arrival have thrown her right into the Oscars race.
Arrival, directed by Sicario’s Denis Villeneuve, centres on a linguist recruited by the military to communicate with aliens who’ve just landed on Earth.
For Adams, this is her second ‘first contact’ movie in the space of three years after greeting Henry Cavill’s Superman in Man of Steel.
However, she’s keen to stress that Arrival has little in common with her adventures as Lois Lane.
Adams’s co-star Jeremy Renner added that Arrival was about “emotional content” ahead of blockbuster theatrics.
Arrival marks the pair’s second film together following David O Russell’s American Hustle. Adams and Renner joked that they could complete a trilogy together with a DC/Marvel crossover film.
“Maybe we do a musical – Hawkeye and Lois Lane? Just in our living room, just for us,” Renner quipped.
Adams is due to reprise her role as Lois Lane in the upcoming Justice League movie, and beyond that she’s expecting to return in Man of Steel 2.
“It’s in discussion but there’s no script or official conversation,” she said.
Arrival, starring Amy Adams, Jeremy Renner and Forest Whitaker, opens in cinemas on November 10.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.4302
Retrieved Text: As we read yesterday, not only did Jesus have authority over the wind, commanding it to stop, He also had authority over evil spirits. Remember John the Baptist said that God had given Jesus “authority over everything” (John 3:35). The demons that possessed the man we’ve just read about were obviously very powerful, to the point of being able to empower the man with the strength to break chains. However, they were no match for Jesus. In fact, all the evil spirits in the world together don’t have a fraction of the power that God has.
The demons who inhabited this man drove him to do strange things. He lived in a cemetery, wandering through the tombs night and day without any clothes, screaming and cutting himself with stones. That shows us how wicked the devil and his evil spirits are. Because people are created in God’s image, Satan loves to see that image marred. If you’ve ever had an enemy draw a mustache on a photograph of yourself, you have some idea what I mean. Satan would love it if every person would become demon-possessed and act like that man did.
Notice how afraid the demons were of Jesus. When Jesus came ashore, the demon-possessed man ran to meet Him and fell down before Him. Was that act the man’s own doing or was he being motivated by the demons? Probably it was the demons, because it’s unlikely the man had any idea of who Jesus was. The main demon, however, named Legion, knew Jesus was the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.427654
Retrieved Text: "Confessions of a True Crime Addict" is a mix of humor and frightening stories from the world of true crime as told by James Renner, bestselling author of “True Crime Addict,” a nonfiction thriller about the mysterious disappearance of Maura Murray. He has appeared on CNN and the Oxygen Network and is currently the host of “Lake Erie's Coldest Cases” for Discovery ID. After years spent hunting serial killers, Renner has gathered some choice tales of horror and the absurd and shares his theories about how true crime became so popular and what it says about us all.
James Renner is mostly known for his true-crime journalism. As a reporter for Cleveland Scene, he uncovered new clues and suspects in the cold-case murder of Amy Mihaljevic. His work led to the successful closure of the Tina Harmon case in 2009. He spent months researching the Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus abductions when the girls were still missing and is haunted by the fact that he had Castro’s name in his notes. His true crime writing has been featured in the Best American Crime Reporting anthology. His selection was the first true crime article to use a dream sequence as a narrative device.
Renner has always been interested in filmmaking, as well. In 2004, Renner directed a short film based on the Stephen King story, All That You Love Will Be Carried Away. King sold him the rights for $1. The movie starred Joe Bob Briggs and the late-great Harvey Pekar. It premiered at the 2005 Montreal World Film

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.267195
Retrieved Text: Another senseless poaching. Another case that leaves one asking, “Does the punishment fit the crime?”. Maybe I just expect too much; I don’t know. But somehow, I’m never quite satisfied with the punishment.
Sadly, this is another case that involves a father and son. It’s a story about a father passing on his traditions, morals (or maybe I should say immorality), and his total lack of respect for not only laws, but also for animals on to his son. The poaching incident itself, occurred in April 2018; however, it has just recently gone viral due to the release of the poaching video. Yes, that’s right. There is a video showing the entire heinous act. But, no, this is not one of those cases where the poachers were stupid enough to record it themselves. This father and son duo, Andrew (41) and Owen (18) Renner thought they were committing the perfect crime. On the video footage that captured this horrendous slaying of a mama black bear and her two cubs, Owen Renner can be heard saying “They’ll never be able to link it to us, I don’t think”.
So, where did the video footage come from, then? Well, this mama and her two babies were being recorded by US Forest Service and the Alaska Department of Fish & Game. The mama cub was one of 20 sows that were being study for research on the bear population in the area. The incident happened on Esther Island in Prince William Sound. And, while in many areas of Alaska, it is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.25681
Retrieved Text: Jacqueline Craig and her daughter Brea Hymond were facing charges that included resisting arrest.
The Fort Worth Police Department will drop charges against a Texas mother and daughter whose violent arrests went viral last month. Jacqueline Craig, 46, and her daughter Brea Hymond, 19, were forcefully apprehended after Craig called police officials to report that a man choked her 7-year-old son for littering. A dispute ensued between Officer William Martin, Craig, and Hymond, resulting in their arrests. Craig and Hymond were charged with resisting arrest, search or transport. On Thursday, the FWPD announced the charges will be dropped. “This decision didn’t happen in a vacuum. My decision to pull back these charges was something that I thought was right, something that we owed the community and the Craig family in particular,” said Fort Worth Police Chief Joel Fitzgerald. He also noted that Officer Martin will undergo a “tremendous amount of re-training.” Read more.
A University of Wisconsin student who did time behind bars for attempting to set two Black churches on fire in 2005 is now looking to start a “pro-White student club” on the institution’s campus. Daniel Dropik says his anger towards the Black Lives Matter movement prompted him to create a chapter of the American Freedom Party, a political collective connected to White supremacy. According to reports, Dropik, 33, has been distributing flyers on campus and urging individuals to get involved. After word spread about Dropik’s plan to start the group, Rebecca Blank, the university’s chancellor, did a background check and discovered details about his criminal

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.252653
Retrieved Text: Juliet du Boulay, Cosmos, Life, and Liturgy in a Greek Orthodox Village (Limni: Denise Harvey, 2009).
Picking up Juliet du Boulay’s Cosmos, Life, and Liturgy (2009) is like stepping into a past made strange. Good and evil spirits inhabit the rivers and streams, marriage is a matter of fate, and a baby’s destiny is written on the lines of its skull soon after it is born. These words on the skull, Du Boulay comments, “once uttered can never be erased.” At first this feels like an old world. The anthropologist speaks for the peasants, always in the passive voice and burying her observations under mountains of structuralist prose. Juliet du Boulay did her fieldwork in Ambeli, Greece, between 1966 and 1968, then went back again from 1970 to 1972, the year when the government built the first road into the village. She went on to write the acclaimed Portrait of a Greek Mountain Village (1974) with its rich and impressionistic portrayals of life in this isolated community. Much of the antiquated feel of Cosmos, Life, and Liturgy comes from fact that the author is writing within a long-dead ethnographic tradition that has faded away for good reason.
According to du Boulay, Greek Orthodox villagers believe that while He shares the earth with us, the skies are God’s alone to inhabit. When reports about space travel and moon landings reached the village in the early 1970s, people were horrified. Either God would not allow such a desecration of His holy of holies, they reasoned, or else man’s foolhardiness in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.217865
Retrieved Text: Within days after Sandra Bland was found hanging in her jail cell on July 13, 2015, a sense was setting in among those closest to her that Sandra's supposed "suicide" might actually be something far worse. Protesters called out a southern-style lynching, and the media descended on Waller County Texas and Sandra’s family in Chicago. In the midst of this overnight national attention, the family’s lead attorney, Cannon Lambert, fielded our phone call, asking if we could film their battle and follow their investigation into Sandra's death. We jumped on a plane for Chicago and began a two-year journey leading to "SAY HER NAME: THE LIFE AND DEATH OF SANDRA BLAND."
Reality is rarely simple, and David’s background as a Manhattan prosecutor also helped us gain access to the Waller County authorities, who felt stigmatized by a growing chorus of anger against the Texas law enforcement, at one point the local jail being stormed by a mob of protestors. The film gives voice to multiple opinions surrounding a mysterious series of events, beginning with Sandra's arrest for 'assaulting an officer' and going through the following three days where she was placed in solitary confinement.
We felt strongly that hearing from law enforcement as well as Sandra's family will help audiences more deeply consider where tragic mistakes were made, where bias may have played a role in her death, and how we may fight for change. As Sandra herself says in the film, "We need to educate each other. That's the only way this is going to work."
The filmmaking

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.054502
Retrieved Text: On Esther Island in Alaska, a motion-detecting camera was set up in a bear den as part of a joint three-year study between the US Forest Service and the Alaska Department of Fish and Game. What that camera captured has now led to felony and misdemeanor charges against a Palmer father and son, who authorities say shot dead a sow black bear and her two just-born cubs, then tried to cover it up once they saw the mother bear was collared, the Anchorage Daily News reports. Per court documents, Andrew Renner, 41, and Owen Renner, 18, were charged after video clips showed them skiing past the bear den on April 14, when the sow caught their eye. Per an Alaska State Troopers dispatch, Owen Renner then shot at the mother bear twice, and when the baby bears started “shrieking,” Andrew Renner shot and killed them.
Additional clips are allegedly said to show the Renners skinning and butchering the sow for meat, discussing getting the collar off her, and Owen Renner declaring, “They’ll never be able to link it to us.” The men are also reportedly seen coming back to the site two days later to pick up empty shells and retrieve the cubs’ bodies. Troopers say later that month, Andrew Renner brought the bear skin and collar to ADF&G in Palmer and said he, not his son, had shot the sow, and that once he saw she had teats, he looked for but didn’t see any cubs. It’s illegal in Alaska, except at certain sites, to take

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.004297
Retrieved Text: you must put value in those paints.
Renner Italia produces the most trustful, modern and innovative wood coatings. But this is not enough for us.
Above all, our coatings are formulated according to ethical principles.
There is a whole worldview inside each can of our coatings.
Most of all, we are interested in people growth, honesty of opinions and behaviours and sense of responsibility.
Our Renner Italia not only wants to create value for the brand but also fights to distribute this value to the people and the environment.
Renner Italia is the heart of Renner Global Alliance, a worldwide network that can satisfy any request of the wood market.
In every headquarter you can find a huge selection of wood coatings and every plant is equipped with it own centres of research and development, production, distribution, services and technical assistance.
The productive plants of Renner Global Alliance totally cover 320.000 m2 (105.000 of which are indoor). The productive potential of the whole Alliance exceeds 170.000 tonnes of coating products for wood.
Within Renner Global Alliance, Renner Italia operates on the European and Asian markets. Furthermore, Renner Italia is the coordination centre of Alliance worldwide strategies.
“The dimensions of a company can be measured on the depth of its own principles, on the size of its responsibilities and the quality of its dreams. Renner Italia has got the value of the people that every day work for its growth.” Alexandre Cenacchi, President of Renner Italia Spa.
Renner Italia is also part of the group Renner Herrmann S.A.
After almost 100 years from its foundation, Renner Herrmann Group has

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.873594
Retrieved Text: Renner had a purpose in life. And the Purpose in Life had Renner.
The star ship came out of space drive for the last time, and made its final landing on a scrubby little planet that circled a small and lonely sun. It came to ground gently, with the cushion of a retarder field, on the side of the world where it was night. In the room that would have been known as the bridge on ships of other days, instrument lights glowed softly on Captain Renner's cropped white hair, and upon the planes of his lean, strong face. Competent fingers touched controls here and there, seeking a response that he knew would not come. He had known this for long enough so that there was no longer any emotional impact in it for him. He shut off the control panel, and stood up.
"Well, gentlemen," he said, "that's it. The fuel pack's gone!"
Beeson, the botanist, a rotund little man with a red, unsmiling face, squirmed in his chair.
"The engineers on Earth told us it would last a lifetime," he pointed out.
"If we were just back on Earth," Thorne, the ship's doctor, said drily, "we could tell them that it doesn't. They could start calculating again."
"But what does it mean?" David asked. He was the youngest member of the crew, signed on as linguist, and librarian to the ship.
"Just that we're stuck here—where ever that is—for good!" Farrow said bitterly.
Farrow glared at him. His narrow cheekbones and shallow eyes were shadowed by the control room lights. He was

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.807009
Retrieved Text: The Texas Rangers and Texas Commission on Jail Standards are investigating after an accused murderer died following a failed suicide attempt inside the Waller County Jail, the same jail where 28-year-old Sandra Bland was found dead.
Evan Lyndell Parker, 34, was found hanging in the same jail cell where Bland died four years prior, the guards discovering his body on the early morning of Jan. 25, news station KHOU 11 reported. Parker, who was booked into the jail Jan. 10 for murder and aggravated assault charges, was rushed to a hospital but died from his injuries two days later on Jan. 27.
“At this time there is no information to show that any procedures or guidelines were not followed by the jail staff,” the department added.
Parker was the suspect in a gruesome workplace attack in which he fatally stabbed 64-year-old Harry Parnell, a co-worker at Orizon Industries in Brookshire, Texas, and injured another man on Jan. 9. Waller County Sheriff Glenn Smith said Parker was in a cell alone and didn’t show any signs of being suicidal.
The sheriff added that jail staff checked on him every 15 minutes.
Parker’s death has raised prior issues from the Bland case, which is eerily similar. The 28-year-old was found hanging in her cell three days after a routine traffic stop in July 2015. Her death was ruled a suicide, but her family members and activists had their doubts and accused the sheriff of a cover-up.
In 2016, the family settled a wrongful death suit with Waller County authorities and trooper Brian Encinia, who

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.789577
Retrieved Text: They can give much, but they often require much. Only the foolish will attempt to summon them without something of value to give in return. Aleister Nacht stated it simply and beautifully: “Success comes from win-win situations and your ability to align yourself with the wants of others.” This legal concept of quid pro quo is “truth” when it comes to working with Lesser Powers, and will contribute to unimaginable success in your workings. Be prepared to till the fields and sow great quantities of seed if you wish to reap a great harvest though. If you are lazy, unimaginative, and are unwilling to put some hard work into your craft, more likely than not all you will end up with is a handful of weeds.
A word of caution; Summoning or invoking these demons can put one at odds with the Sidhe, particularly the Seelie court. They are vigilant against the return of the Fomori… and their servants. Remember, these demons hold no love for mankind. Their gifts come at a price… and their desire is destruction of all we know. Use caution and think with a level head. The power you can potentially gain does not have words to describe adequately.
Familiarize yourself with Evoking and Summoning. Insure that the seal of the demon you are summoning is inscribed, along with your other arcane formulas, within all three open spaces in your thaumaturgic triangle. I will post a picture of each seal for your use.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.59164
Retrieved Text: Mark 5 is filled with stories of unimaginable chaos.
Consider the demon-possessed man in verses 1-20. Look at life from his perspective, and try to get a sense of what it felt like to be tormented by a legion of demons. The inner rage must have been overwhelming for this man, who was cutting himself and crying out day and night (v. 5). Consider the degree of loneliness and resentment you would feel after being abandoned by those closest to you — your family that had determined your life was hopelessly out of control. Who knows how long it had been since this man had a meal or an embrace from anyone who cared!
Consider the man in verses 21-24. He was a leader in the community with a reputation of being deeply religious, yet his daughter lie at the point of death. Imagine the sheer agony of a parent facing the real possibility of burying his child.
Consider the woman in verses 25-28. She had suffered with an infirmity for twelve years and had been told by doctors her condition was incurable. Mark does not mention her husband or family, so we may assume she was trying to deal with all this by herself.
Now consider the role Jesus played in their lives. Notice how He went out of His way to minister to the demoniac. He sailed through the night in a small boat across the Sea of Galilee during such a severe storm that experienced sailors like Peter feared for their lives. Notice when Jesus met the

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.938368
Retrieved Text: Romantic koalas Free PicturesRomantic koalas in love in romantic and funny poses. Couples of tender koalas in love.
Keep at your computer all gifs Romantic koalas of Animals in Love compressed into a ZIP file.
Do you like this gif of Romantic koalas?
Free Romantic koalas Animated gifs to download. If you are looking for Romantic koalas animated images to a website, a job, a PowerPoint presentation, you're writing an entry for your blog about Romantic koalas, here are all the images you want. Illustrations, charts, photographs and animated videos of the subject. Use your imagination to use these animated gifs in the funniest way Romantic koalas to express your emotions in a WhatsApp conversation, email, or in the social network you use, that way your texts will be more enriched. Images of romantic koalas in love, romantic love scenes of animals. The koalas are funny animals that are very tender when they have romantic attitudes. Couples who are actually koalas. Love scenes between animals in tender moments, like kisses, gifts, hearts, hugs and love. Couples of koalas as grooms are very tender, loving and fun. Romantic images of couples of animals or koalas alone, who are in love. Funny illustrations of love with koalas. Animals marsupials live in Australia that feed on eucalyptus leaves. Climbers are animals that live in trees. Animals marsupials small and slow movements.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.921768
Retrieved Text: Romantic birds Free PicturesRomantic birds in love in romantic and funny poses. Couples of tender birds in love.
Keep at your computer all gifs Romantic birds of Animals in Love compressed into a ZIP file.
Do you like this gif of Romantic birds?
Free Romantic birds Animated gifs to download. If you are looking for Romantic birds animated images to a website, a job, a PowerPoint presentation, you're writing an entry for your blog about Romantic birds, here are all the images you want. Illustrations, charts, photographs and animated videos of the subject. Use your imagination to use these animated gifs in the funniest way Romantic birds to express your emotions in a WhatsApp conversation, email, or in the social network you use, that way your texts will be more enriched. Images of romantic birds in love, romantic love scenes of animals. The birds are funny animals that are very tender when they have romantic attitudes. Couples who are actually birds. Love scenes between animals in tender moments, like kisses, gifts, hearts, hugs and love. Couples of birds as grooms are very tender, loving and fun. Romantic images of couples of animals or birds alone, who are in love. Funny illustrations of love with birds. Birds are flying animals with feathers. They reproduce by laying eggs. They live among humans or in the wild. There are thousands of different species of birds of all sizes and colors.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.871965
Retrieved Text: Romantic Elephants Free PicturesRomantic elephants in love in romantic and funny poses. Couples of tender elephants in love.
Keep at your computer all gifs Romantic Elephants of Animals in Love compressed into a ZIP file.
Do you like this gif of Romantic Elephants?
Free Romantic Elephants Animated gifs to download. If you are looking for Romantic Elephants animated images to a website, a job, a PowerPoint presentation, you're writing an entry for your blog about Romantic Elephants, here are all the images you want. Illustrations, charts, photographs and animated videos of the subject. Use your imagination to use these animated gifs in the funniest way Romantic Elephants to express your emotions in a WhatsApp conversation, email, or in the social network you use, that way your texts will be more enriched. Images of romantic elephants in love, romantic love scenes of animals. The elephants are funny animals that are very tender when they have romantic attitudes. Couples who are actually elephants. Love scenes between animals in tender moments, like kisses, gifts, hearts, hugs and love. Couples of elephants as grooms are very tender, loving and fun. Romantic images of couples of animals or elephants alone, who are in love. Funny illustrations of love with elephants. Pachyderms are large mammals that live in the wild and some domesticated by man. Giant animals that are admired and loved by children for its long snout, large ears and slow movements.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.525541
Retrieved Text: The Twilight Saga: Eclipse - Romantic and intense. This saga just keeps getting better and better.
Salt - Best action film of the year. A jaw-dropping thriller.
Dinner for Schmucks - Steve Carell and Paul Rudd are the new Odd Couple.
Red - Explosive, funny and loaded with action! Red delivers!!
The Tourist - Jolie and Depp sizzle!! Thrilling entertainment!!
Despicable Me - Adults and kids will be rolling in the aisles! The funniest movie of the summer.
The Switch - A witty comedy with genuine heart...sharply written.
Inception - A non-stop thrill ride.
The Spy Next Door - Jackie Chan has never been funnier. Zany action for the whole family.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid - Heartwarming. Funny. Uplifting.
The Last Exorcism - Shocking and utterly hair-raising edge-of-your-seat terror!
Bran Nue Dae - One of the most delightful, heartfelt and crowd-pleasing musical comedies in years.
Legendary - Heartfelt and Inspirational! It will make you stand up and cheer.
Love and Other Drugs - It will go down as a classic. One of the most endearing films in years.
Undertow - One of the most powerful love stories since Brokeback Mountain.
Megamind - One of the best animated films of the year!
Love and Other Drugs - One of the best films of the year! You will laugh. You will cry. You will fall in love. Gyllenhaal gives the best performance of his career.
Valentine's Day - You'll fall in love with Valentine's Day.
She's Out Of My League - The funniest comedy since The Hangover.
Remember Me - A richly rewarding and emotionally-charged love story.
The Last Song - Greg Kinnear's perfomance is pitch-perfect!
The Fighter

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.371384
Retrieved Text: Against the might of the Galactic Empire, an unlikely band of heroes emerges to renew the fight for freedom. Witness the epic debut of the riveting animated series Star Wars Rebels, in this one-hour movie event – showing on the big screen one time only!
We loved it ! It was so much fun ! We really enjoyed the screening !

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.151936
Retrieved Text: An intimate and intelligent romantic drama starring Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce, directed by Drake Doremus, Breathe In is released on DVD and Blu-ray by Curzon Film World on 7th October 2013.
An intimate and intelligent romantic drama starring Felicity Jones (Like Crazy, Chalet Girl) and Guy Pearce (Prometheus, Lawless, The Hurt Locker), directed by Drake Doremus (Like Crazy), Breathe In is released on DVD and Blu-ray by Curzon Film World on 7th October 2013.
An intimate and intelligent romantic drama from director Drake Doremus (Like Crazy), featuring captivating, career-best performances from Felicity Jones and Guy Pearce, Breathe In is a riveting tale of forbidden love that "resonates like a symphony" (Kirsty Leckie-Palmer, The Skinny).

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.904467
Retrieved Text: Top Books for MBA Students and Professionals:Page 10 | MBA Skool-Study.Learn.Share.
book is a biography of Steve Jobs who revolutionized the way people saw technology. This is a book that's mainly about innovation. Walter Isaacson has written a riveting story of the roller-coaster life and intense personality of a creative entrepreneur whose passion for perfection and ferocious drive revolutionized six industries: personal computers, animated movies, music, phones, tablet computing, and digital publishing.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.904348
Retrieved Text: Lydia Troyer grew up in a secluded Amish community. When she seeks medical help for her father, she discovers she’s the product of a secret government study gone awry, and her true identity places her in a perilous role. A riveting and romantic dystopian perfect for fans of Divergent.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.864426
Retrieved Text: Alas! Holiday cheer fills your soul as you imbibe in this delightful spiced ale, and with your first sip of this tawny-brown beauty, you'll be carried away to Victorian London, where you'll hear the clippity-clop of horse hooves over the cobbles as the feathery snowflakes fall through the shadows and gaslight and paint the streets white. For what better a way to celebrate the season than with this spirited winter wassail, with its animated mix of roasty malt, caramel and biscuits, all handsomely spiced with cinnamon, ginger and Curacao orange? Indeed, between this brew's rich malty balance and lively spice aromas, the first sip will be proof enough that celebration is here!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.785482
Retrieved Text: Everything of Love for your smartphone now in gifmania.us Animations to have a loving detail with someone. Romantic flowers, stuffed animals and many more loving animated images with red and pink, the colors of passion. You will not find a larger collection about gifs of tenderness on the Internet.
Animated gifs of Love your your mobile phone.Fill your computer of romantic animations, hearts and a lot of fun motifs. Do not miss our great collection of animated gif of romance. They are perfect if you want to use for greeting Valentine's Day.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.460415
Retrieved Text: Walt Disney recently released the teaser trailer of The Lion King, giving us a glimpse of the riveting tale. The movie features voice performances from a star-studded cast, which includes names such as Donald Glover, Beyonce, John Oliver and Seth Rogen.
A remake of the 1994 animated feature, The Lion King features performances by Donald Glover, Seth Rogen, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Billy Eichner, John Oliver, Keegan-Michael Key, Beyoncé Knowles-Carter and James Earl Jones. The film has been written by Jeff Nathanson with music by the award-winning composer Hans Zimmer.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.420862
Retrieved Text: What makes Daniel’s music so riveting is its ability to educate and challenge the ear while also providing small fragments of classical familiarity. His vocal music is always technically challenging, melismatic, romantic, and organic. His song “Khaham keh bar zolfat” challenges our ear with Farsi, an unfamiliar language to most of us, but also provides us with strings of beautiful Persian sounds and language patterns.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.152493
Retrieved Text: On the new single “Black Seaweed” Westergaard recites a poem in lyrical form; the memory of romantic a stroll down to the harbour.
is finally redeemed in the chorus, where uplifting violins take the song riveting heights.
From the LP "Moments of Bliss" to be released via Third Coming Records (FR) and Aufnahme + Wiedergabe (DE) on March 29th 2019.
Preorders : https://bit.ly/2WvuKLQ Video by Lisa Jespersen and Magnus Westergaard. Mix: Kristian Alexander Pedersen.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.771376
Retrieved Text: Do you have any plans for Valentine's Day? My hubby and I are celebrating with a romantic dinner tomorrow night, so for me tonight is just like any other night (well perhaps with more chocolate). I am pretty busy with work and school right now, so I thought I would keep this post sweet and to the point.
Here's an endearing little short film by Disney called Paperman. It has been nominated for Best Animated Short at the Oscars this year and—being set in '40s era New York City—represents an endearing and romantic storyline, perfect for today!
UPDATE: Paperman won the Oscar for Best Animated Short. Amazing!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.714169
Retrieved Text: Mind Game director Masaaki Yuasa directs this animated romantic comedy based on Tomihiko Morimi's novel of the same name.
RexH While Disney recycles crap, Japan takes creative risks. And makes an animated rom-com!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.581747
Retrieved Text: Download picture of a i hope your morning is bright as your smile image. Romantic Good Morning Quote. good morning quotes. good morning images and quotes. good morning quotes and images. romantic good morning. good morning quotes with images. good morning quotes images. morning quotes. romantic quotes. good morning images quotes. good morning quote with image. good morning cute positive quotes for a son. romantic good morning for him. Fun Good morning images and quotes animated. romantic goodmorning quotes. good morning love quotes for girlfriend.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.56765
Retrieved Text: Satte Pe Satta is a movie directed by Raj N. Sippy	featuring Amitabh Bachchan, Hema Malini.
Kader Khan had been ailing for a long time with a degenerative illness of the brain. He was in hospital for the past four months.
For the music composer’s 79th birth anniversary today (27 June), we look back at his everlasting romantic songs from Teesri Manzil (1966) to 1942: A Love Story (1994).
As Hindi cinema's Dream Girl enters her 70th year today (16 October), we walk down memory lane and look at some of her riveting performances.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.472279
Retrieved Text: Romantic Evening. . Wallpaper and background images in the Walt Disney's Robin kofia club tagged: walt disney robin hood animated film 1973 romantic night maid marian.
This Walt Disney's Robin kofia photo might contain anime, comic kitabu, manga, cartoon, and mkono.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.46635
Retrieved Text: Image Size 10.5 Inches Tall by 12.5 Inches Wide.
In an illustrious career that spanned 62 years, Friz Freleng was involved in nearly every aspect of animation. As a creator, director and producer, Freleng has created or contributed to many of the most memorable and award-winning cartoons in animation history. He began at Warner Bros. in 1930 after coming from Disney, and garnered his first screen credit on "Sinkin' In The Bathtub," which was Warner Bros.' first cartoon.
Freleng remained at Warner Bros. for 33 years (Except for a two year stint at MGM, where he organized a new animation department). During this time he was a major developer of Warner Bros. characters, producing and directing over 300 cartoons featuring Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Tweety and Sylvester and others. Clearly evident in all of Freleng's cartoons was a unique talent for synchronizing the visual gag and the accompanying background music. Additionally, Freleng's modifications to such Warner Bros. mainstay characters as Sylvester and Tweety has been so successful, the studio has not been compelled to change the characters ever since. While at Warner Bros. Freleng was honored with four Academy Awards, and nominated for seven others.
In 1963, Freleng teamed up with David DePatie to form DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, which in addition to Warner Bros. cartoon shorts, also produced the Pink Panther series, which first appeared in the opening titles of the Blake Edwards motion pictures of the same name. The DePatie-Freleng venture paid off handsomely by winning the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Subject. DePatie-Freleng Enterprises also created "The

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.341146
Retrieved Text: The Making of Disney Feast Short Film Oscar Awarded Production behind the scenes look at the making of Disney’s Oscar nominated short film Feast.
Feast by Disney Short Animation Feast is a 2014 3D hand-drawn computer-animated romantic comedy short film directed by Patrick Osborne, and produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It made its world premiere on June 10, 2014, at the International Animated Film Festival and debuted in theaters with Big Hero 6 on November 7, 2014.The short won both an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 87th Academy Awards, and the Annie Award for Best Animated Short Subject at the 42nd Annie Awards.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.21389
Retrieved Text: This catalogue presents Pia Maria Martin’s work of the last few years, with a particular focus on her animated films. Created through time-lapse photography, her cartoons demonstrate the effects of cinema in the rough. With opulent images and surreal scenes, the Stuttgart artist lures us into a world whose animated protagonists – jointed chickens, fish on a plate and stacking chairs – develop a musically animated life of their own. This publication exposes the construction mechanisms of film, in which “the interaction of image and sound, editing and lighting is the subject of a romantic story”.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.18348
Retrieved Text: Mesmerizing Dual-Intensity Eyeshadow features a luxuriously smooth transformative texture. Innovative dual-application eyeshadow seamlessly transforms from sheer and soft to high-intensity color. Apply dry for a sheer, airbrush-like finish with a luminous sheen, or apply with a wet brush for high-impact, lustrous color. 17 ready-to-wear and rebelliously romantic shades to express a riveting range of eye drama. Go both ways.
Customize your effect with this first-to-market technology that can be used wet or dry for two distinctly different finishes.
Luminous pearls and pigments are perfectly suspended in a cream-like texture allowing for the purest color and light effects.
Apply it dry for a sheer, soft touch of color or wet for mind-blowing impact.
Won’t smudge, crease, or fade for a long-lasting finish that stays weightless, flexible and flawless all day long.
Like a crystal, this unique formula captures color and light from every angle, offering perfect clarity and purity.
Seamlessly mix, match, and blend the twelve ready-to-wear shades for a riveting range of effects.
Eyeshadows can be used to shade, highlight and line the eye.
Created specifically for Dual-Intensity Eyeshadow, the #49 Wet/Dry Eyeshadow brush was designed synthetic fibers for optimal wet and dry application. Use dry to apply a sheer wash of color, dampen to create a more high-impact effect.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.053196
Retrieved Text: Amazing Color Changing Magic MugØ Personalized Couple Mug.Ø I Love you romantic coffee..
Amazing Love Color Changing Magic MugØ Personalized Couple Mug.Ø I Love you romantic c..
Amazing Love Magic MugØ Personalized Couple Mug.Ø I Love you romantic coffee mug/..
Animated Magic Mug Ø Personalized Couple Mug. Ø I Love you romantic coffee..
Art Design Customize Mug Ø Personalized Couple Mug.Ø I Love you romantic co..
Awesome Black And White Customize MugØ Personalized Couple Mug.Ø I Love you romantic c..
Beautiful Design Magic Mug Ø Personalized Couple Mug.Ø I Love you romantic coffee..
Beautiful Panda DollØ Panda dollØ Exclusive collectionØ Stylish design..
Beautiful Smile KeyringØ Smile KeyringØ Exclusive CollectionØ Stylish Design..
Beautiful Sweetheart Secret Diary With Lock-01Ø This fabulous Secret Diary is the perfect way..
Beautiful Sweetheart Secret Diary With Lock-02Ø This fabulous Secret Diary is the perfect way..

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.827204
Retrieved Text: Cold Justice Series 9 primary works • 14 total works The bestselling, award-winning Cold Justice Series centers around agents from the FBI's Behavioral Analysis Unit-4 (crimes against adults), and spin-off characters from the books.... by Toni Anderson Source: Author, Social Butterfly PR Also by this author: Cold Pursuit (Cold Justice, #2), Cold Malice (Cold Justice, #8) If you love romantic suspense or if you’re a Criminal Minds junkie, you have got to get your hands on Toni Anderson’s Cold Justice series!
Cold Light of Day (Cold Justice Book 3) Author: Toni Anderson Physicist Scarlett Stone is the daughter of the man considered to be the most notorious Russian agent in FBI history.... Cold Light of Day (Cold Justice Book 3) Author: Toni Anderson Physicist Scarlett Stone is the daughter of the man considered to be the most notorious Russian agent in FBI history.
3/12/2018 · If you love romantic suspense or if you’re a Criminal Minds junkie, you have got to get your hands on Toni Anderson’s Cold Justice series! And luckily for you, COLD FEAR is available for free for a limited time! 2016 Daphne Du Maurier Award For Excellence In Mystery/Romantic Suspense finalist... by Toni Anderson Source: Author, Social Butterfly PR Also by this author: Cold Pursuit (Cold Justice, #2), Cold Malice (Cold Justice, #8) If you love romantic suspense or if you’re a Criminal Minds junkie, you have got to get your hands on Toni Anderson’s Cold Justice series!
This is a riveting and chilling addition to the Cold Justice series. Frazier gets a call about

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.814213
Retrieved Text: Rurouni Kenshin Free PicturesManga series Rurouni Kenshin. Cartoon Anime series Rurouni Kenshin. Animation Television japanese series. Scenes and images of characters. Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Swordsman Romantic Story.
Keep at your computer all gifs Rurouni Kenshin of Fighting Anime Series compressed into a ZIP file.
Do you like this gif of Rurouni Kenshin?
Free Rurouni Kenshin Animated gifs to download. If you are looking for Rurouni Kenshin animated images to a website, a job, a PowerPoint presentation, you're writing an entry for your blog about Rurouni Kenshin, here are all the images you want. Illustrations, charts, photographs and animated videos of the subject. Use your imagination to use these animated gifs in the funniest way Rurouni Kenshin to express your emotions in a WhatsApp conversation, email, or in the social network you use, that way your texts will be more enriched.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.79701
Retrieved Text: Want to gift your heart to your lover on this valentine? try this app you will not regret and everyone ask you how did this thing.
A very cool spinning 3d heart shape showing camera and photos from your galleries. I am sure you will have real experience of 3D heart.
✔ Bunch of 3D Romantic Heart to choose from Given gallery.
✔ Choose Romantic Animated Backgrounds From background gallery.
✔ Choose Static Romantic Backgrounds From Gallery.
✔ Capture video and save it in gallery.
Gift your heart to your lover as gift on this valentine.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.794636
Retrieved Text: All about Romantic birds for your smartphone, your iPhone or any phone.Romantic birds in love in romantic and funny poses. Couples of tender birds in love.
Animated gifs and animations of Romantic birds to share on social networks, download or send to other phones for Whatsapp, Line or Skype. Images of romantic birds in love, romantic love scenes of animals. The birds are funny animals that are very tender when they have romantic attitudes. Couples who are actually birds. Love scenes between animals in tender moments, like kisses, gifts, hearts, hugs and love. Couples of birds as grooms are very tender, loving and fun. Romantic images of couples of animals or birds alone, who are in love. Funny illustrations of love with birds. Birds are flying animals with feathers. They reproduce by laying eggs. They live among humans or in the wild. There are thousands of different species of birds of all sizes and colors.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.782959
Retrieved Text: Buy falling wings feather and fluff video. Video for title, intro.
Animated falling wings feather and fluff on black background. Video background for video transition, for intro video, natural video, wedding films or other Love films, titles, intro, presentation.
Video background for wedding video. Background for a love story video, congratulations, you can use for greeting ecards, romantic videos background with the text “I love you”. Flowers Heart animated for wedding video films, intro, transition, titile.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.644411
Retrieved Text: Sony Pictures is in the process of acquiring film rights to Steve Jobs, the upcoming authorized biography by former CNN chairman and Time Magazine managing editor Walter Isaacson.
Based on more than forty interviews with Jobs conducted over two years – as well as interviews with more than a hundred family members, friends, adversaries, competitors, and colleagues – Walter Isaacson has written a riveting story of the roller-coaster life and searingly intense personality of a creative entrepreneur whose passion for perfection and ferocious drive revolutionized six industries: personal computers, animated movies, music, phones, tablet computing, and digital publishing.
Isaacson’s book was originally scheduled to be released by Simon & Schuster on November 21 but has been moved up nearly a month to October 24.
Billed as the only authorized biography, Steve Jobs is based on more than 40 interviews with Jobs in addition to interviews with more than one hundred friends, colleagues, competitors, and family members.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.505644
Retrieved Text: Former United Nations employee Gerry Lane traverses the world in a race against time to stop the Zombie pandemic that is toppling armies threatening to destroy humanity TEST HEADLINES ' Lego Movie 2' , governments a Story About a Psychiatrist for Superheroes. Best upcoming movie trailers 2013. The ultimate news source for music entertainment, celebrity, movies current events on the web. With Brad Pitt Mireille Enos, Daniella Kertesz James Badge Dale.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a American live- action/ animated comedy film based on the Nickelodeon animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants. The experience feels familiar to other Baz Luhrmann film which means it' s quite dazzling by his fabulous style creating an over- whimsical version of the setting. Directed by Marc Forster.
It& # 039; s pop culture on steroids. LATEST HEADLINES ' Lego Movie 2' a Story About a Psychiatrist for Superheroes. This new adaptation takes a different direction and unique scale. The Great Gatsby tells a lot of stories and gains more themes so on. The film was co- written with live- action sequences directed by Mark Osborne, produced by series creator Stephen Hillenburg, Clancy Brown, features the series' cast of Tom Kenny, Rodger Bumpass , Bill Fagerbakke, directed Mr.
The irony of all these upcoming movie remakes is that over the last decade and a bit Hollywood has made some really ambitious and great films. Romantic movies, romantic comedy.
Will you find romance in? If it’ s at the movies, then yes.
We’ re looking at the biggest and best romantic movies of, whether it’ s about

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.378513
Retrieved Text: Power Plant Mall is an upscale shopping center in the Rockwell City district in Makati. It was named after the thermal power plant that used to occupy the same area.
The shopping possibilities are endless with foreign and local designer brands. There are also a lot of dining options that offer different cuisines. The mall also has movie theaters, entertainment facilities, and service centers.
Surrounding the mall are sophisticated offices, luxurious high-rise condominiums, and the Aruga by Rockwell Hotel. The Ateneo de Manila Graduate School of Business and the Ateneo Law School are also in the area.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.37133
Retrieved Text: As malls across the country shutter their doors, developers in Richmond are doubling down on the Hilltop Mall. The latest owner is banking on a brand-new name, boutique shops, restaurants and movie theaters to transform Hilltop’s image and deliver a healthy return on investment.
Backed with capital from London-based Aviva Investors, LBG is planning a major renovation and renewal at the site that plans to include apartment units, entertainment venues, and potentially even an outdoor area with space for community events.
In the immediate future, LBG is most concerned with getting tenants into the space and reinventing Hilltop’s image in the community. “Our goal right now is to not be charging market rents. Our goal is to just fill the spaces,” Lundin said.
To that end, LBG says it will offer discounted rates to encourage local home- and e-businesses to create popups at Hilltop during the holiday rush. Lundin hopes that customers will be excited..
Hilltop is a microcosm for larger trends closing malls across the country. Since their heyday in the mid-20th century, malls have steadily suffered at the hands of e-commerce giants like Amazon.
Real estate research firm Cushman and Wakefield found that mall visits across the United States declined by 50 percent between 2010 and 2013, and multinational finance firm Credit Suisse predicts that 25 percent of all malls will close by 2022.
With more Americans shopping online, many formerly dependable department stores are losing revenue and closing locations. These bigger stores, known as anchor tenants, historically attracted customers to malls and shouldered a larger burden of their operating

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.352676
Retrieved Text: Resorts World Manila (RWM) is the first integrated tourist hub in the Philippines that is fast shaping up to become the most exciting destination in the country.
Adapting the integrated resort concept behind the success of Resorts World Genting in Malaysia and Resorts World Sentosa in Singapore, RWM breaks new ground in the Philippines by combining lodging brands, restaurants, gaming facilities, entertainment spots and a luxury mall in one grand destination.
Asia’s newest playground is located in Newport City, a modern live-work-play community and the first tourism economic zone in the Philippines, just across Terminal 3 of the Ninoy Aquino International Airport and adjacent to the Villamor Golf Course.
It also features the upscale Newport Mall which boasts of shops and boutiques for international luxury brands, high end cinemas, dining outlets, and the Newport Performing Arts Theater, a 1,500-seat venue for local and international artists and productions.
Hotels - Staying in as much an exciting experience as going out to enjoy its various attractions. Your choices here range from affordable accommodations to the most luxuriously indulgent lodgings. Whatever you choose, you can be sure of a most comfortable and delightful stay that’s always worth coming back to.
Shopping - Resorts World Manila redefines shopping with the Newport Mall, the four-level shopping haven that is home to a dazzling array of high-fashion boutiques, and world-class dining outlets. Newport Mall is the place for shoppers with a taste for luxury brands in fashion and jewelry, world-class cuisine, and some of the most exciting entertainment in the metro. .
Entertainment - With world-class entertainment happening

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.00084
Retrieved Text: Elected in 2015, Craig Pappin is currently serving his first term on the Jackson City Council.
Pappin is a local attorney who also owns and operates a retail business in the City, and currently serves with the USAF Reserves.
He earned a degree from the Thomas M. Cooley Law School in 2009, a bachelor's degree from Siena Heights University in 2001, two associate's degrees from Jackson Community College and one associate's degree from the Community College of the Air Force.
Ward 4 makes up the northwest corner of the City of Jackson.
Ward 4 includes many of Jackson’s entertainment and shopping areas, containing portions of the Jackson Crossings Mall, two theaters, an ice arena and a variety of local and chain restaurants.
The southern portion of the ward is mainly residential. Michigan Avenue cuts across the southern portion of the ward, connecting the Westwood Mall (just west of Ward 4) to the historical center of Jackson (located in Ward 5).
The school is located in the southeast section of Ward 4 and has a student body of more than 1,500. The building was constructed in 1927 and underwent major renovations in 2003.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.52722
Retrieved Text: Paragon Entertainment Holdings, LLC filed as a Florida Limited Liability in the State of Florida on Tuesday, December 17, 2013 and is approximately six years old, as recorded in documents filed with Florida Department of State.
This feature is intended for our readers to share the ticket prices they have found at theaters.Cinepolis Theaters (formerly Paragon Theaters) 3984 W Hillsboro Blvd, Deerfield Beach, FL 33442.
Paragon Deerfield 8 is classified under movie theatres and has been in business for 10 or more years.Get reviews and contact details for each business including videos, opening hours and more. Paragon Entertainment Holdings, LLC is a privately held company in Deerfield Beach, FL and is a Headquarters business.
The 8-screen, 1,100-seat Paragon Wellington movie theater should open in early 2016, the theater operator said. Find their customers, contact information, and details on 2 shipments.
View the latest Cinepolis Deerfield Beach movie times, box office information, and purchase tickets online.
List of all the cinemas in Pompano Beach, FL sorted by distance.
The chains are listed alphabetically by continent and then by country.Year over year, 52 weeks at the Odyssey, where Paragon recently added a Premier component, are up 27% versus 4% in box office for the market overall.
Be sure to arrive plenty early.you must chose your seat when you purchase your ticket, which just extends the entire process.
Discover Movie Theaters in Boca Raton on Florida.com – the leading website for everything you need in Florida.
Deerfield Mall - shopping mall with 57 stores, located in Deerfield Beach, 3668 W Hillsboro Blvd, Deerfield Beach, Florida - FL 33442:

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.29047
Retrieved Text: DrivingDirections From Springfield Branson Airport Go South On Highway 65. Exit On Country Boulevard 76, Turn Left And Go 1/4 Mile. The Property Is Located Directly Across The Street From Engler Block Shopping Mall.
Description Country Hearth Inn branson Is Located On The Strip On Hwy 76 Where Theaters, Restaurants, And Shopping Abounds. You Can Slip Away Into Quiet, Clean And Comfortable Rooms Where Our Warm Hospitality Awaits You, Along With In room Coffee And Complimentary Inn credible Breakfast.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.16423
Retrieved Text: San Diego's downtown has become a model of what downtown redevelopment should be for many cities across the country. Seedy and dilapidated buildings and neighborhoods gave way to upscale hotels, condominiums, restaurants, shopping centers and night spots.
The Gaslamp Quarter's restaurants and clubs feature a taste of history, its Horton Plaza mall shops, theaters and eateries offer a bit of the avant garde, and its bay-side Seaport Village shopping center is a twist on the Cape Cod tradition.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.116844
Retrieved Text: Around the undisturbed peace of your apartment home, and just outside the spacious tranquility of One Ten Grant’s marble lobby, beckons the vibrant energy of downtown Minneapolis, and all the excitement the city has to offer.
Orchestra Hall—home to the internationally renowned Minnesota Orchestra—is just a few blocks away. Its Sommerfest of daily musical events takes place each year both indoors and outdoors at Peavey Plaza, in front of Orchestra Hall. A short stroll along the Loring Greenway takes you to Nicollet Mall and its cluster of gourmet restaurants, cheery pubs, glittering nightspots, performing arts, and more—the “spine” of Downtown Minneapolis. During the warmer months, the Mall bustles with energy from the thousands of people enjoying its many outdoor and rooftop dining venues.
Just across the street from One Ten Grant is the entrance to Minneapolis’ famous skyway system. This is a network of over eight miles of indoor heated walkways, with cafes, shops and restaurants: the skyways connect every part of the downtown business district, and its entertainment, dining and shopping venues. During the cold months, you can reach your business or entertainment destination within the entire downtown area through this convenient indoor pedestrian network.
Minneapolis has nearly as many live theaters per person as New York City. They include the renowned Guthrie Theater, in a Jean Nouvel building on the Mississippi River, a short ride from One Ten Grant, and the clusters of theaters forming the Hennepin Avenue Theater District, at walking distance from One Ten Grant. The District includes historic and architecturally significant theaters, the Cowles

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.70521
Retrieved Text: Shopping - Gemango Software Services Inc.
Cebu's metropolitan area boasts of modern shopping centers complete with dining, entertainment, health, and leisure facilities.
Ayala Center Cebu is the city's premier shopping, dining and entertainment destination. Newly expanded to provide more rewarding experiences amidst a masterfully-designed space, it offers only well-thought-of retail and leisure choices embodying the discriminating and distinctive taste of Cebuanos and expats.
It is located just across the street from Gemango's office.
SM City Cebu, is another major shopping destination in the City. With its almost 500 retail stores, outlets, restaurants and cafes, it offers a variety of fashion, electronics, home and furnishing, personal care and services, and a wide array of local and international cuisines, family-fun and entertainment.
It is just a 15-20 minute taxi ride from the Gemango office.
Parkmall is a new shopping and dining hub that offers al fresco dining experience and the some refreshing concept shops. It is located across Cebu International Convention Center in adjoining Mandaue City.
Going there takes a 25-minute taxi ride from Gemango office.
Gaisano Country Mall is a villa-inspired mall that gives one an open-air shopping feel. A part of the Gaisano store chains, the mall has six cinemas, an entertainment center, a department store, grocery, and a bowling complex.
It is a 10-15 minute taxi ride from the Gemango office.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.678932
Retrieved Text: This family-friendly Kansas City lodge is situated in Village West, approximately 1 mi (2 km) of Sporting Park and Legends Outlets Kansas City. Kansas Speedway is 1.4 mi (2.2 km) away.
With an underground connection to the Kansas City Convention Center, this downtown hotel is approximately 3 blocks of several theaters and 10 miles from the Truman Sports Complex.
Kansas City Marriott Country Club Plaza is less than 2 blocks from the Country Club Plaza shopping, dining, and entertainment center.
Found on a woodsy hilltop, this French country-style hotel is 1.5 miles from the Kansas Speedway and Legends at Village West shopping; downtown Kansas City, MO is 16.5 miles away.
Situated in Tarrytown, this hotel is approximately 3 mi (5 km) of Harley-Davidson Factory, Tiffany Greens Golf Course, and Zona Rosa. Zona Rosa Shopping Mall is 2.4 mi (3.9 km) away.
This Kansas City hotel is just a few blocks from the Power & Light District and the Sprint Center, and is situated next to the Kansas City Convention Center.
Situated adjacent to Kansas City's largest medical facility, Embassy Suites is 1 block from Westport nightlife and 4 blocks from Plaza shopping, restaurants, and art.
Found in the entertainment district, this hotel is approximately 1 mi (2 km) of Towne Center Plaza and Overland Park Convention Center. Museum at Prairiefire is 2.7 mi (4.3 km) away.
Situated in Village West, this hotel is approximately a 15-minute stroll of Sporting Park and Legends Outlets Kansas City. Kansas Speedway is 1.2 mi (1.9 km) away.
Found in St. Joseph, this hotel is approximately 6 mi (10 km)

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.30505
Retrieved Text: On the east side of Hutchinson, be sure to visit the Hutchinson Mall and the surrounding E-Loop District. The Mall is the place to get pampered with a variety of health and beauty options like Ulta Beauty, Nails-n-Spa, Regis, Bath and Body Works and more. Of course, the mall is home to several anchor stores including The Buckle, TJMaxx, Dunham’s Sporting Goods and Hobby Lobby. There are also specialty shops like White Lily, which showcases trendy apparel and accessories. After you shop, drop by the newly renovated B&B Theaters, grab some popcorn and settle in the luxury electric recliner seating to watch that new movie you want to see. This 8-screen cinema with digital sound is the perfect place to take a load off and enjoy a big screen feature.
The E-Loop District is an appealing blend of shopping, dining, and entertainment, with locations such as Kohl’s, Olive Garden, Pizza Ranch, Metropolitan Coffee, Starbucks, Buffalo Wild Wings, Chili’s, Rib Crib and The Alley.
For a complete list of retail tenants at the Mall, go to www.hutchinson-mall.com.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.13764
Retrieved Text: Make your new home at Windfern Meadows! You will love our three spectacular floor plans, some of which feature living rooms with vaulted ceilings and wood-burning fireplaces with lovely tile hearths.
You will love lounging around our pool area with your friendly neighbors and taking an early morning walk enjoying the tranquility of our beautifully landscaped grounds.
Our family-friendly community, located in the Cy-Fair Independent School District, is close to Just for Children Learning and Francone Elementary School.
Being moments from shopping at the Jones Square Shopping Center and Willowbrook Mall makes Windfern Meadows the ideal place to live. Imagine how nice it will be to have restaurants like Black Eyed Pea and Jason�s Deli just moments away. You'll also have entertainment venues like the Sam Houston Race Track and AMC Theaters located conveniently nearby.
You will also have easy access to Highway 290, Beltway 8, I-45, FM 1960, and Jones Road.
Visit our leasing office and talk to a member of our dedicated and professional staff about finding your new home at Windfern Meadows.
2 Bedrooms/2 Baths/1075 sq. ft.
3 Bedrooms/2 Baths/1240 sq. ft.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.12139
Retrieved Text: If asked fifty or so years ago to picture a typical mall, most people probably would have envisioned a blocky brick and mortar structure, it’s entrances equipped with dual, unassuming doors, leading into a skylight-brightened, modest, but (usually) boring space sporting large, wide, white halls lined with small shops sandwiched by department stores at the ends; at the mall’s center might sit an adorable little nature garden, all of this sprawled across two rather plain, escalator-connected floors.
Amid contemporary design trends, this cookie-cutter mall form seems a bit like old bubblegum; a historical footnote on the shoe of what may be accepted, or even expected from designers today: a more daring, free-form standard of commercial architecture. However, at the time of the first ever shopping mall’s creation, the “Southdale” mall standard was a pleasurable, a comfortable, covered place of safety.
Creating a practical sanctuary was original mall architect Victor Gruen’s objective, in fact, when he built America’s first commercial mall, Southdale in Edina, Minnesota (completed c. 1955), he did so with blast-proof steel and reinforced concrete, and equipped his mall with an independent generator, as well as an extensive underground subsection meant to double as a fallout shelter. Gruen’s design was duplicated countless times over across the country, and even today, many Southdale-style malls still stand as a reminder of the morbid practicality demanded from everyone, even architects, during an age of fear.
But the Cold War ended long ago, and revitalization has since squeezed its way past the double doors of the traditional mall schematic. Across the country,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.073982
Retrieved Text: THE Avenue Shopping Centre in Newton Mearns will be at the centre of things this Easter as the popular mall hosts a range of free entertainment activities to build on its award-winning reputation as Best Family Friendly Shopping Centre.
A fabulous Easter Egg Hunt, with Avenue gift vouchers to be won, will take place from Saturday 30th March till Saturday 13th April.
Michelle McCabe, Centre Manager at The Avenue, said: “Images of Easter eggs will be hidden in store windows across the shopping centre. All you need to do to enter is pick up an entry form and fill in which store windows you’ve seen the eggs in and pop your entry form in the post box in the mall by 4pm on Saturday 13th April.
Then Uncle Billy’s Show, award-winning children’s entertainer, takes place from 11am – 4pm on Easter Sunday, 31st March while the Kids Soft Play Double Decker Bus will be in The Avenue car park from Monday 1st April – Friday 5th April from 11am – 3pm.
There is Balloon Modelling on Funday Sunday 7th April from 11am – 4pm and Cupcake Decorating with Cook School Scotland on Monday 8th April till Friday 12th April from 11am – 3pm. And there is Face Painting on Funday Sunday 14th April from 11am – 4pm.
The Avenue is open until 7pm every Thursday with 1,000 free car parking spaces (including underground) seven days a week.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.97129
Retrieved Text: The largest shopping mall in the country is again pushing back on early Black Friday sales by closing on Thanksgiving — but this time, it plans to take it a step further.
Mall of America was among the retailers that took a stand against encroaching on Thanksgiving last year, as other shopping centers and big box stores opened on the holiday to capture early sales.
But owners of other malls are taking similar steps. The Star Tribune reports that CBL Properties will close its 75 shopping centers around the country on Thanksgiving, though stores, theaters and restaurants with exterior mall entrances will be given the option to open.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.75698
Retrieved Text: Despite many hiccups, including the recession of 2007-2008 and the advent of e-commerce businesses, the numbers vouchsafe that Indian malls are definitely here to stay. By 2017-end, there were more than 600 operational malls across the country. Interestingly, more than 30 new shopping malls covering nearly 14 million sq. ft. of area are expected to come up across top eight cities by 2020.
What Keeps India's Malls Ticking?
Today’s top-performing shopping malls are essentially mixed-use businesses that incorporate social entertainment options, provide a unique appeal along with a considerable depth of shopping experience, and are in prime destinations that are easily accessible by both public and private transport. Moreover, the ability to anticipate and align with changing consumer needs make malls successful today.
Despite the considerable progress from its humble beginnings, the Indian mall story is just unfolding and will evolve further. If we look at some of the most innovative mall developments globally, we see advanced features like indoor ski-hills, water parks, theme parks, science centres, zoos and even shooting ranges, among others. India is catching up, albeit with an eye on the essential Indian culture and mindset – which again is very region-specific.
Down south, Lulu International Mall in Kochi - touted to be the largest mall in the country - is creatively using technology-based novelties to offer a highly differentiated experience. These include New-age technologies like geo-fencing, beacon technology and Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR). It also uses technology to interact with its customers and keep them abreast on the latest activities within the mall.
Another case in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.605701
Retrieved Text: One of the top comedians in the country is making his way to CNY for 2 shows.
Want to see Larry Git-R-Done? This will be his second performance at the del Lago Resort & Casino on Aug. 18. Tickets go on sale at noon Friday, June 8, and may be purchased in person at the del Lago Resort & Casino box office, by calling the box office at 315-946-1695 or dellagoresort.com/entertainment.
Larry the Cable Guy is a multiplatinum recording artist, Grammy nominee, Billboard award winner and one of the top comedians in the country. He has his own line of merchandise and continues to sell out theaters and arenas across the United States. Larry has created The Git-R-Done Foundation, which was named after his signature catchphrase, and has donated more than $7 million to various charities.
The del Lago Resort & Casino is a $440 million 205-room hotel, spa, and casino that features 1,956 slot machines and 99 gaming tables, including 14 poker tables located at 1133 State Route 414, Waterloo, Exit 41 of the New York State Thruway. Must be 21 or older to attend.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.380611
Retrieved Text: Majid Al Futtaim is gearing up for the reveal of the much-awaited Mall of Egypt. On March 2nd, the gates of the super-regional mall will open to the public for the first time starting 10 am.
Cairo, Egypt - Majid Al Futtaim, the leading shopping mall, communities, retail and leisure pioneer across the Middle East, Africa and Asia is gearing up for the reveal of the much-awaited Mall of Egypt. On March 2nd, the gates of the super-regional mall will open to the public for the first time starting 10 am.
For over 20 years, Majid Al Futtaim has been creating great moments for everyone every day across it’s unique brands and innovative concepts in the Middle East. The company is poised to take those moments to the next level with the opening of Mall of Egypt. With EGP 6.3 billion in investments, Mall of Egypt is introducing unique concepts to the Egyptian market for the very first time from creative architecture to exceptional customer experiences and unparalleled dining, retail and entertainment options including Ski Egypt and the first VOX Cinemas in the country. Mall of Egypt will soon be open to the public as Egypt’s most exciting shopping and entertainment hub.
Located in 6th of October City on Al Wahat Road, the two-level mall will house a unique range of experiences that have become the hallmark of Majid Al Futtaim’s presence across the region including VOX Cinemas, Ski Egypt, Carrefour Hypermarket, Little Explorers and Magic Planet. The mall spans a gross leasable area (GLA) of 165,000 square metres

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.177715
Retrieved Text: Gift Cards are available at The Northtowne Mall Guest Services Office, located across the hall from the Public Restrooms and by the Northtowne Cinema 9 Theaters. Gift Cards are available in denominations from $20 to $500, plus a $1.00 activation fee per card. Cash, Credit and Debit cards are accepted. Corporate orders are welcome. Gift Cards are accepted at all Northtowne Mall stores, including the Northtowne 9 Theaters.
Make your shopping experience more enjoyable with our children's strollers. Single and double strollers are available at the Mall Office for a nominal, returnable fee.
Complimentary wheelchairs and motorized chairs are also available at the Mall Office. If you need help getting the chair to the entrance please call 419-782-3189 to make arrangements.
We'll be happy to make copies, send and receive faxes for a nominal charge.
Lost and Found items can be turned into the Mall Office. Lost items are logged and kept for a total of 30 days. All unclaimed merchandise is donated to appropriate local charities.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.089048
Retrieved Text: Sterling Heights — Destiny Philips didn't come to Lakeside Mall to shop. Instead, the 23-year-old teacher from Detroit was taking her young son and daughter to Jeepers, an indoor arcade with rides.
Keyné Conley did have shopping on her mind at the traditional enclosed mall in Sterling Heights. But it was only because the 23-year-old Detroiter needed some last-minute things for vacation, and Amazon's two-day delivery wouldn't arrive in time.
Their experiences illustrate the changing attitudes of Americans toward brick-and-mortar retailers. With growing competition from online shopping, regional malls face possible death — witness the fate of Southfield's Northland Center and Pontiac's Summit Place Mall. Or they must learn to adapt, whether it is attracting a diversity of tenants or ditching the traditional mall concept altogether.
It is a choice Lakeside Mall may need to make as revenue drops, and tenants and shoppers desert the 42-year-old complex. One of its anchor stores, Sears, is liquidating its stock before closing in September.
Shoppers often drive past Lakeside on their way to the Mall at Partridge Creek. Less than two miles east on Hall Road, it can be tough to find a parking place at the 11-year-old open-air mall in Clinton Township. Customers flock to Partridge Creek for its Main Street feel, popular restaurants and concerts in the outdoor square.
Lakeside Mall employs 2,000 and contributes $2 million in local property taxes. That makes it a top priority for Sterling Heights, City Manager Mark Vanderpool said — so much so that the city commissioned plans to determine the best use of the mall's

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.975128
Retrieved Text: The traditional mall shopping experience as you know it is changing. Due to the rise of online shopping many malls suffered and were forced to close. Consumers expect more, wanting not just to shop but also to have a unique experience. Those who strive to provide are offering exclusive shopping, high end entertainment and haute cuisine instead of the traditional food court packed with fast food options.
Some are likening the new mall experience as a playground or theme park to meet all the consumers sensory needs. A prime example of this is the Cirque de Soleil announcing its partnership with real estate company Ivanhoé Cambridge to open family entertainment centres in malls across Canada, the first opening in Toronto towards the end of 2019. The indoor activity areas will include circus inspired activities such as wires, trampolines, dance and juggling.
To make the best use the best use of all their space, malls are also now extending their offerings to include co-working spaces. In Mississauga, the Mindshare Workspace is a 4,000 square feet flexible workspace for startups and local businesses. A developer approached the Mindspace founder and there are plans to create more workspaces in other malls across Canada.
With the new mall experience you can literally work, shop and play in the one place. When it comes to shopping, millennials represents a huge target market making up approximately 26 percent of the Canadian population or about 9 million people. Their shopping journey is very technology based. Online shopping is part of this but so is their decision

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.80849
Retrieved Text: It attracts shoppers not only from the Middle East but from all over the world. There is nothing that you cannot find in this shopper’s paradise. From the latest electronic gadgets to designer labels, luxury goods and gold, UAE offers one of the best shopping experiences in the world. The only dilemma is choosing the spots to hit. Thus, to help you have a stress-free shopping experience, we created a breakdown of the best shopping spots in the country. Book the best flight deals and head to these fabulous shopping destinations.
Dubai Mall is the largest shopping mall in the world. This spectacular mall houses more than a thousand stores, a huge aquarium, an Olympic sized ski-rink, a magnificent four-story indoor waterfall and a large number of dining outlets. The mall features one of the most luxurious designs and is home to some of the most well-known brands from all across the world including the first Bloomingdale’s outlet outside the US and Galleries Lafayette. The mall is also very popular for the stunning Dubai fountains. Travelers flocking to Dubai can look for Etihad Airlines flights and Turkish Airlines flights that serve the city throughout the year.
Deira Gold Souk is the ultimate destination for gold buyers. This traditional market is home to more than hundreds of shops selling every gold item; from gold bars to gold jewelry. The market features two areas: old souk scattered with gold shops and a new souk housed in a modern tower. You would need to spare plenty of time as you will

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.735758
Retrieved Text: This attractive indoor mall is convenient for Disneyland visitors!
In the slide show above, you're viewing pictures of the elegant Westfield MainPlace Mall in Santa Ana, California. On this page, you'll discover many reasons why you should add a visit to Main Place to your Orange County vacation itinerary!
Would you like to stop by a terrific full-service shopping mall that's ultra-easy to reach from Disneyland? Yes? Then, you really need to know about the Main Place Mall in Santa Ana, California.
In addition, the interior of this 2-story mall is very attractive, and lit by a "skylight-style" roof. And, there's a "plus" for tourists---a location of the California Welcome Centers is located right here at the mall! You can get all the brochures and booklets that you need to find out more about things to do in Southern California.
The Main Place Mall is anchored by a Nordstrom Department Store, a JC Penney's Department store...and TWO Macy's Department Stores! All of these great stores offer a full line of the latest fashions for every member of the family, and beautiful housewares for your home.
Main Place Mall -- Stores kids will like!
If you're looking for decorative items for the home...or perhaps new furniture or electronics, the Westfield MainPlace Mall has some great stores that can help you out. There's a large Macy's Mens & Home store that's full of products for all rooms of the house, plus a selection of stores featuring various specialty products.
The Picture Show Theaters: Have fun for less $$!
The MainPlace Mall's Picture Show Theaters are a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.733307
Retrieved Text: Yesheng Entertainment Co., Limited begin in 2000 year, is the first factory for manufacture 4D|5D theater equipment in China,now is the biggest and most professional 4D|5D theater equipment factory in Asia.
The 5-th generation control technology, only need one central computer control all theater system,simple operation and easy maintenance.
To 2011 in China, crated more 120 units 4D|5D theaters, For China National Museum of the city planning museum, amusement park, shopping mall and shopping streets and others.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.575094
Retrieved Text: Located in the heart of Las Vegas, this Land-Lease Manufactured Home Community offers Resort-Style living at an affordable price. This is an amazing affordable housing opportunity in one of the most vibrant cities in the world.
About the city: Las Vegas, one of the world's most popular vacation spots, the "Entertainment Capital of the World", has emerged as one of the most desirable places to live. Nicknamed the "Jewel of the Desert", Las Vegas offers the best of everything, from restaurants to entertainment to family recreation. Its thriving local economy, excellent schools, and premier healthcare have all contributed to the city's growth.
Shopping: From high end to outlet stores. Fashion Show Mall, Via Bellagio, Wynn Esplinade, Forum Shops at Ceasers Palace, Grand Canal Shops at the Venetian, Desert Pasage at the Aladdin, Le Boulevard at Paris Las Vegas, Galleria, MonteLago Village, The District at Green Valley Ranch, Hawaiin Marketplace, The Boulevard, Fashion Outlets of Las Vegas and Las Vegas Outlet Center.
Restaurants: Anything and everything within walking distance, fast food to the finest restaurants in the world.
Golf: One of the premiere golf destinations with over 35 public and private courses in the area.
Entertainment: Movie theaters, broadway shows, outdoor activities, Lake Las Vegas, Hoover Damn, ad of course the Las Vegas Strip is only a few blocks away.
Education: Excellent Public Schools (Clark County School District), University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
Airport: Only 10 Minutes to McCarran International Airport (KLAS).

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.527107
Retrieved Text: New Orleans is mostly known for the boutique, gallery, and artisan shopping, but those who desire some brand name retail therapy are in luck here too. In addition to having all the favorite and known brands, malls here also offer great views, riverfront locations, and local flavors.
Malls are located a few miles away from the city and invite with traditional shopping, food courts and entertainment venues, supplemented with unique local touches. While shopping at little boutiques is an amazing experience for all NO visitors, there is nothing wrong with the desire to be immersed in endless shopping opportunities under one roof.
International visitors can be especially joyful about shopping here - not only they can get something well known back home for a lot better price, but also tax free. All they need to do is show their passports and will collect their refund at the airport before hopping on a plane. So let the great shopping begin!
French Market is an open air 6 block shopping city under the open sky. There can be as many as 220 vendors during good shopping weekends. Visitors can sample local delicacies, such as gumbo and jambalaya, support local artists by buying local t-shirts, art, and hats while listening to live music. All of this provides for a great shopping experience.
The mall has a long history and has been located on the same 200-acre land for 200 years. Shoppers are often looking for droopy women's sun hats, unique coasters, and shawls/sarongs. Just like everywhere else, there are plenty of kitschy items,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.387459
Retrieved Text: Posted by Kris Lindahl on Tuesday, March 3rd, 2015 at 10:48am.
The reason Bloomington, MN is on the map and one of the largest attraction in the entire country, the Mall of America is certainly a special place. There's more than just shopping at the mall and many come to the state of Minnesota specifically for this mall. Here's what you will discover at the Mall of America.
The mall is also home to the Universe of Light, Amazing Mirror Maze, Barbie The Dreamhouse Experience, Star Trek The Exhibition and the Adventure Universe Club. You can have your birthday party here or just enjoy the many attractions.
There are plenty of choices when it comes to dining after a long day of shopping.
The mall has hundreds of great shops to choose from. There's something here for just about everybody to enjoy.
Along with shopping, dining and the many entertainment options, the mall holds regular events for holidays and other occasions. Some of these events happen regularly, while others are one-time events.
The Mall of America is open from 10am to 9:30pm, Monday through Saturday and from 11am to 7pm on Sundays.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.242804
Retrieved Text: Constantly innovating, achieving sustainable growth and creating a value through development and management of our retail platforms and providing ultimate shopping experiences to our dear customers with unmatched value and creating outstanding value to tenants, communities and staff, while contributing to sustainable development.
Founded in 1997, by Mr. Mohamed Genena under the umbrella of M.G. Group .
Genena mall is the leading shopping mall and entertainment pioneer in Egypt.
Genena Mall has improved the shopping habits of millions of people across the country. We had the vision of changing the culture of street shopping in respect of presenting a full shopping experience in just one place to make shopping easier.
It is continuously a successful business story, Genena Mall started from a simple idea and turned to be a huge business where everyone is participating to serve with a high level of Excellency and help people to fulfill all their needs and enjoy their time with the first ice skating in Egypt.
By gathering a valuable mix of international and local brands, including Daly Dress, LC Waikiki, Accessorize, Charles & Keith, Nike, Adidas, Daniel Hechter and many more With a total shopping area 22000 square for more than 300 shop we can simply saying it’s the best shopping mall with affordable prices.
One of SharmElsheikh land marks,conceder as the biggest Mall in the city. It is the meeting point for all the residentsto meet and make all their shopping.
Location Neama bay - Land Space 43500 Sqm. - GLA 50000Sqm.
Community Mall to serve and fulfill all the family needs with high quality and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.22601
Retrieved Text: Manlius is a town on the eastern edge of Onondaga County, bordered to the north by Cicero, to the east by Madison County (town of Chittenango), to the south by Pompey and to the west by DeWitt. Manlius includes three villages: Fayetteville, Manlius and Minoa, as well as several hamlets. Green Lakes State Park, with two unique lakes, is within the town. Manlius is the third-largest suburb in Onondaga County, with more than 32,000 residents.
This is a town with several parks, quaint downtown villages with historic areas, an active historical society that hosts an annual arts and crafts festival, an art gallery, and a small-town movie theater that specializes in independent films.
Several sites here are on the National Register of Historic Places. In Manlius, there’s the Christ Church, the Manlius Village Cemeteries and the Mycenae Schoolhouse. Fayetteville has the Charles Estabrook Mansion, the Genesee Street Hill-Limestone Plaza Historic District, and the Levi Snell House. The Manlius Village Historic District covers about three blocks and runs along Seneca Street. The Manlius Historical Society operates a museum at 101 Scoville Ave. and hosts frequent events. The Canal Boat Museum at Chittenango Landing is only 7 miles east of Manlius.
For grocery shopping, Manlius has a Tops Friendly Markets store on West Seneca Street and smaller stores like the Nice-n-Easy Grocery Shoppe on East Genesee Street. Fayetteville has a Wegmans supermarket on East Genesee Street. For retail shopping, The Towne Center of Fayetteville is a large shopping plaza that replaced a mall that was torn down. In DeWitt, 7 miles

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.18766
Retrieved Text: It looks like The Force will be with retail landlords and their tenants this weekend, for several reasons: About one-third (32 percent) of U.S. adults plan a trip to a movie theater tonight, tomorrow or Sunday, where, among other films, they will be able to see Star Wars: The Last Jedi. This is good for the industry, because 84 percent of those moviegoing adults will patronize a cinema at a mall or shopping center, and during the visit, 91 percent of them plan to participate in other activities, such as shopping or dining, according to ICSC Research. Overall, 75 percent of these moviegoers will dine at restaurants or other eateries at the shopping center, and 66 percent will shop. And these numbers do not include the many teens who will be thronging theaters as well.
Additionally, adults visiting movie theaters at shopping centers plan to use personal services (24 percent will do so), attend holiday events (23 percent), have a child’s picture taken with Santa (23 percent), go to the gym or participate in other forms of entertainment (14 percent) and/or contribute to a charity (14 percent), ICSC Research found.
Adding to the likelihood for some robust shopping is the fact that U.S. holiday shoppers have indicated completing only half (50.2 percent) of their gift buying so far this season (as of December 10). Such procrastination, unseen in recent years, may be resulting from shoppers waiting longer to find the best deals.

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.440548
Retrieved Text: The story of HANAKAGO NO UTA (“Song of the Flower Basket”, 花籠の歌, 1937) revolves around a pork-cutlet diner along a cluttered back street of Ginza, Tokyo. Keizo (Reikichi Kawamura), the owner and the master of the diner, and his daughter Yoko (Kinuyo Tanaka) are running a small but successful business. The Chinese chef, Mr. Lee (Shin Tokudaiji), cooks the best pork-cutlet, as they say. Two of the most frequent customers are Ono (Shuji Sano) and Hotta (Chishu Ryu), a pair of rather lazy collage students. The story goes into a wicked spiral when Ono is arrested for a murder of a girl he once knew. Yoko becomes frustrated and nervous, while Hotta tries every possible means for his friend’s release.
I found the film depressing. I felt it more depressing than it needed to be. Gosho excels at creating chaos in a small world of otherwise charming ordinary people, and his earlier films, such as THE NEIGHBOR’S WIFE AND MINE (1931), THE BRIDE TALKS IN HER SLEEP (1933) or BURDEN OF LIFE (1935), are full of adorable silliness. In HANAKAGO NO UTA, however, these silliness gave away to somber sighs. The atmosphere is rather chilling, especially the diner, – claustrophobic, low-ceiling, poorly illuminated – the kind of a place you would find in a forgotten cul-de-suc of a forgotten street. The characters are also gradually plastic and discolored. Kinuyo Tanaka’s rosy cheek in black & white becomes just pale gray, while young Shuji Sano even loses his famous plastered smile. Though Hotta and Mr. Lee – great

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.481556
Retrieved Text: Stars: Shane Jacobson, Clayton Jacobson, Kim Gyngell, Lynette Curran, Sarah Snook.
This pitch-black comedy thriller from director Clayton Jacobson reunites him with his brother Shane for the second time since their runaway hit mockumentary Kenny way back in 2006. Since then Jacobson has also directed Shane in the comedy short film Mordy Koots. Brother’s Nest is an absurdist tragedy that pits two brothers against each other in a bizarre and twisted murder plot that goes awry. Its amoral tone is very different to the amiable Kenny and has more in common with the Coen brothers and Hitchcock.
Siblings Jeff (Clayton) and Terry (Shane) plan to murder their stepfather Rodger (Kim Gyngell) to ensure that they inherit the family home when their terminally ill mother (Lynette Curran, from A Few Less Men, etc) finally passes away. Jeff, who is bitter and paranoid and largely blames Rodger for the suicide of their father, has conceived the elaborate plan and has made meticulous preparations, including the perfect alibi for the pair. He plans to make Rodger’s death look like a suicide.
Early one morning the pair enter their childhood home, don protective clothing, masks and gloves to ensure they don’t leave any DNA traces behind. Jeff is the more obsessed of the two brothers, while the usually laid-back Terry grows more and more reluctant. The home is full of old radios and bric-a-brac, and bad memories for Jeff. His planning is overly complicated and eventually even the best laid plans begin to go awry. A power struggle develops between the two brothers

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.173836
Retrieved Text: The tiny, tough, sneakily moving film “The Violin” wears its revolutionary romanticism on its sleeve, not far from its gun. Set amid the mountains of the southern Pacific Coast state of Guerrero, Mexico, home of both touristic pleasures and peasant revolt, it blends fablelike simplicity with documentary touches to tell the story of a near-primordial struggle between the haves and the have-nots. For the three generations of one indigenous family who travel to small, dusty towns, playing their music for coins, the struggle is written on their unsmiling faces and in their plaintive, haunting songs.
Shot in black and white, it starts badly in a claustrophobic, darkly lighted space (during an unidentified time), with a soldier having his sadistic way with another man, who whimpers in a chair, his hands tied behind him. The director, Francisco Vargas, thrusts us right in the middle of this awful scene, with the camera close to the ground and behind the victim. We can’t see the tortured man’s face, but we watch him squirm and hear his moans, along with those of several other restrained men and women. It’s a wretched opener in part because Mr. Vargas, who makes his feature debut with this film, doesn’t understand that he needs to put his camera, and not just his sympathies, on the side of the victims.
Things improve immediately thereafter, as the focus shifts to what looks like the present, and Don Plutarco (Don Ángel Tavira), a resourceful septuagenarian and violinist who, when not farming a patch of land, plays music with his

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.608915
Retrieved Text: Editor's Note: As the doc world braces for the annual pilgrimage to Park City, we at documentary.org will be spotlighting some of the films that will be premiering at Sundance and Slamdance. Filmmaker Michael Galinsky, a longtime contributor to Documentary magazine, whose film Who Took Johnny will be screening at Slamdance, has interviewed a plethora of the Park City Class of 2014, and we'll be posting these interviews over the next ten days.
Here 's an interview with Jesse Moss, whose The Overnighters, premieres January 17 at the Sundance Film Festival.
complex tale of "faith, redemption, community and betrayal."
Documentary: How did you come to make this film?
Jesse Moss: I originally went up to North Dakota for a television network. That project fizzled. But the place astounded me. The scale of transformation in the small town of Williston, North Dakota was extraordinary, and I felt like I was touching a live wire that arcs back through American history to mythic American boomtowns like Deadwood and Dodge City. When I met Pastor Jay and some of the men sleeping in the church, I knew I had to start filming, but I had no idea where the story would take me.
D: How long was the production process? How many trips did you take to North Dakota?
JM: I made 16 trips to Williston over two years. Each trip was between five and eight days, so roughly 80 days of production. For the first six months of production, I slept in Pastor Jay's Church, largely out of necessity: All the hotel rooms in

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.281872
Retrieved Text: A film has to be very sure of itself to carry off such a long running time. Having now seen it, I’m unclear exactly how it managed it — the narrative is discursive, flitting about fairly freely — but it has, becoming in the process a rather heady and passionate film about Rome and its social whirl. Now I’m at home, sipping on some red wine because it feels like the Roman thing to do, wishing I was a smoker like the film’s protagonist, and wondering how much an apartment overlooking the Colosseum costs.
For yes, the world the film inhabits is of the very upper echelon of Roman society. Played by Toni Servillo, Jep is a jaded columnist for an upper-middle-class paper who has one early novella under his belt but has since lost focus on this kind of writing in favour of embracing the social scene and all of its parties — many of which take place at his spectacular pad. He has just turned 65 and, amongst all the socialising and partying and fun, he occasionally turns his mind to his past and his future. His best friend Romano (Carlo Verdone) wants to leave Rome after 40 years, his relationships such as with ageing stripper Ramona (Sabrina Ferilli) are fleeting, and the appeal of interviewing artists is waning as he considers picking up the pen and becoming one himself again. And yet over the film’s great length Jep’s nostalgia and self-doubt never really becomes much more than a passing thought — the film’s focus

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.755257
Retrieved Text: Scherfig balances An Education’s idealisation of Oxford University with this saga of undergraduate decadence and debauchery.
The first act, particularly the prologue, verges into seemingly unintentional self-parody, but the talented young actors (two of whom appeared in last week’s Pride) make the languid opening deserving of perseverance.
Despite the theme of tradition the script is remarkably contemporary, and largely without the cringe factor that often accompanies youth colloquialisms deployed on screen.
It’s easy to imagine how the extended dinner scene could have become stagey, but Scherfig fully utilises her medium, employing claustrophobic close-ups and handheld camerawork as the excess escalates.
A finely-crafted combination of high drama and observant kitchen-sink realism shot in Oxford locations makes for a gripping narrative which just about stops short of pandering or polarising.
This entry was posted in Film Reviews, Mini-reviews, One Room with a View articles and tagged An Education, Douglas Booth, Laura Wade, Lone Scherfig, Max Irons, Oxford University, Posh, Sam Claflin. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.727608
Retrieved Text: Hitchcock’s 1948 film Rope is best known for having been filmed in only ten extended takes. The Unraveling, a work designed for twelve monitors, reconsiders this cinema landmark by subjecting each of these ten shots to the slitscan technique. This method smears time across the horizontal axis of the screen: The right-hand side of the screen shows pixels almost a minute earlier than the left. The original film is already verging on the abstract: The central focus of Rope, more than the characters or plot, is the inescapable gaze of the camera as it transverses and explores the claustrophobic space of the single room in which the action takes place.
By spatializing the camera’s temporal movement, and showing each shot on a separate screen, The Unraveling proposes a new perspective on both the form and content of the original film.
The small vocabulary of objects and characters, simultaneously appearing in different perspectives, provide a kind of Cubist simultaneity, revealing the tight drama of every visual element in the work, while the movement of the camera is transformed into a visual liquefaction of space and object. The relentlessly unfolding, unbroken time of the film becomes a landscape, a panorama of a single apartment in a single afternoon.
Although the original film is not terribly concerned with telling a story – the unblinking gaze remains the star throughout – the characters, involved in an almost satanic charade of concealment, continuously appear, dissolve, and reform. The instability of their physical selves, and the monstrous transformations of their visages reflect the hidden agendas

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.603199
Retrieved Text: Set in Northern France during the final spring of the First World War, this effective new iteration of R.C. Sherriff’s oft-adapted novel plunges us into British trenches shored up with the cadavers of fallen soldiers.
The region has been in stalemate for over a year, and just as the Brits brace themselves for a German advance, a baby-faced fresh recruit named Raleigh (Hugo’s Asa Butterfield) turns up to cut his teeth in what is certain to be a bloodbath.
Directed by Saul Dibb, Journey’s End largely eschews the grandiose spectacle fellow British directors like Joe Wright and Christopher Nolan have applied to invoking battle. Instead, Dibb and cinematographer Laurie Rose (High-Rise) underline the front’s claustrophobic confines, the smoke and mud that coalesce to exacerbate confusion and dread.
By keeping us down in the muck, Dibb and company generate an intimacy rare to war films – and especially welcome in a story so rich in characters.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.527388
Retrieved Text: A single-shot scene may not be the most ground-breaking of film techniques, but they are still more often than not hugely impressive. Our Short of the Week Growth is no different. Short film director Sil van der Woerd creates a stunning and mesmerising single-shot by carefully stitching together multiple takes. Set in just one room in a family home, the 9 minute film covers two decades as we see the ups and downs of the parents and their two sons. Characters drift in and out of shot, looking in one direction and then appearing from another.
If you want to truly understand exactly how Woerd and the crew achieved this magnificent single-shot effect, Woerd has also put together an immersive behind the scenes video. Camera movements were cleverly duplicated through a programmable rig, giving a seamless look and feel that is never jarring. You may find yourself straining to see the joins between the shots, but you won’t have much luck.
The story itself is a fairly lightweight one, with a once happy family home slowly breaking apart and creating an air of tension. A marriage becomes strained as the years go on and the children grow up and come to resent their bickering parents; Growth is nothing original in that respect. But the film is shot in such a beautiful and absorbing way that you can look past the slightly unoriginal narrative.
The passage of time is not only shown through the children getting older and the décor around them changing, but you genuinely feel like you’re travelling

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.22161
Retrieved Text: Low-budget films trade in a certain breed of claustrophobia. The single-digit casts, the cramped sets, the largely stationary cameras capturing everyone’s soul on flat, static celluloid; the shining gristle of Hollywood is scraped away, the dull gray bone beneath exposed. I BURY THE LIVING largely focuses on a lonely man in a small room. The man is slate-jawed Richard Boone, and the room is the “cottage” office of the cemetery chairman, a position Boone’s character is forced to adopt through familial and professional obligation and one that slowly consumes his mind like a loamy cancer when he becomes obsessed that through the use of a map charting the property’s funeral plots and the white and black pins denoting their “occupied” or “unoccupied” status, he has the power to control the forces of life and death. It’s a heady concept rich with philosophical potential, but director Albert Band and scripter Louis Garfinkle hone their focus in on the singular psychological impact that this notion has upon Boone’s hero. Workaholics will find much in him to sympathize with: going to the office when off the clock, staying at irregular hours, pouring over the same scales and figures until it all becomes monochromatic mush. There are echoes of doom and foreboding from great literary works like William Freyer Harvey’s “August Heat” and W. W. Jacobs’ “The Monkey’s Paw,” moments when Boone becomes utterly convinced that he’s seen his death marker chiseled before him in his dreams and that switching the color of the pins will restore life where it

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.056961
Retrieved Text: Bright and cheesy, this camp horror comedy is underpinned by a clever script and some astute acting from the up-for-it cast, which includes several iconic figures. But it's so relentlessly ridiculous that it never becomes anything more than a dragged-out joke that's only mildly funny and never remotely scary.
Unable to find a job after completing his MBA, Raymond (Gubler) moves back in with his parents (Wise and Niven), who don't like his "more European" approach to fashion. Annoyed by the small-town attitudes, he is relieved to discover the rebellious Becca (Dennings) working in a local bar. They were fat-kid outcasts together in school, and share a general disdain for everyone in this backwater. Meanwhile, a gardener (Rodriguez) at Raymond's house find a young girl's grave, unleashing paranormal chaos But only Raymond seems able to see the angry ghost (Watson).
The film is shot in a lurid style with colour-soaked sets, a wacky comedy-horror score and relentlessly in-your-face vulgarity. Filmmaker Bates is clearly straining for a trashy John Waters aesthetic (including a cameo from Waters himself), but it's far too superficial to work properly. The script is packed with smart dialog and snappy jokes, but the plot takes forever to heave itself into motion and then develops in fits and starts, so it can't sustain interest.
At least it's silly enough to remain watchable, with laughably freaky touches all the way through. Gruber and Dennings offer some snarky attitude and offhanded charm. Like them, we are horrified by the idiots in this community, played broadly by an eclectic cast

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.04285
Retrieved Text: Given that this is the fourth time round the block for A Star Is Born, it shouldn’t count as a spoiler to imply that not everyone in the main cast of this gets out alive. The now classic tale of one star on the wane meets one star on the rise is a perennial, and almost a cliché. The fact that it rises above that here is due to its two central performances, and to Bradley Cooper – as both actor and director – the latter in particular.
For the first few moments of his genuinely heartfelt retread of this old warhorse, Cooper as actor is on loose sands, appearing to be channelling a combo of both Kris Kristofferson from the most recent remake of ’76, and Jeff Bridges from his Oscar winning turn in Crazy Heart. But once he goes Gaga, Cooper finds a voice of his own and is remarkably endearing and moving, delivering the finest performance of his career.
But his work as an actor here is eclipsed by his debut as a director. Having inherited the project from his American Sniper helmsman Clint Eastwood (linked to the long in development remake a few clicks back with Beyonce in for what became the Lady), Cooper displays a remarkably assured touch throughout, using a good deal of handheld camerawork to capture the intimacy of the relationship his film focuses on. For all the on stage at Glastonbury footage (shot – tellingly – during Kristofferson’s own set, and also elegantly captured largely hand held) Cooper the filmmaker

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.018513
Retrieved Text: What Men Want is probably as solid an execution as the title premise could expect.
To be clear, What Men Want is very trite and straightforward. It is a movie that is largely defined by cliché. As the title implies, it’s essentially an exercise in broad gender stereotypes. There is very little novel and exciting in What Men Want. In fact, the most frustrating aspect of the whole film is the consistent refusal to work for a joke when the opportunity for a cheap lay-up presents itself. What Men Want is in no way an exceptional piece of work.
At the same time, there is a certain charm to all of this. What Men Want is effectively an exercise in familiar formulas. Audience members will recognise all the stock romantic clichés employed here: the absurd lie that spirals into a brutal personal betrayal, the gay supporting character and sounding board, the third act separation and reunion, the protagonist’s journey towards realising that they need other people. However, there is something to be said for hitting those marks in a manner more effective than many modern films in the same subgenre.
It also helps that What Men Want is driven by a powerhouse central performance from Taraji P. Henson, who demonstrates a commitment and energy that the film can seldom match.
The Highwaymen is an uneven and clumsy piece of work.
With all of this in mind, it is disappointing that The Highwaymen feels so hollow.
Triple Frontier feels very much like a J.C. Chandor grab bag. And that’s no bad thing of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.732815
Retrieved Text: 51 backers pledged $4,420 to help bring this project to life.
Our film imagines a parallel-universe version of Japan which also suffered a nuclear crisis but was less lucky than its real world counterpart. It's a place where fallout readings are a part of the weather forecast and gas masks are as ubiquitous as black suits and Gucci bags.
We want the piece to reflect a surreal quality that life in the city has acquired since the disaster, a kind of low-current tension of daily routines heightened by the hidden threat of radiation. A gas mask seems like the perfect way to make that fear visible without being over-dramatic.
What would it be like to see the world from the claustrophobic intimacy behind a faceplate? In our protagonist's morning commute through Tokyo, the masks are mundane, a minor inconvenience that is almost comical, but at the same time an unsettling sign of a lurking menace.
Even as we ready this project, Tokyo is still being rocked by aftershocks. At the same time the news from Fukushima reminds us that Japan's coastline is peppered with some 54 nuclear reactors sitting on what is basically a heaving fault-line. While this is not an advocacy piece, we hope the film will give people pause to consider the potential costs.
With the help of about 30 people, we have already shot most of the footage in Tokyo and need funds to cover those costs and for post-production.
Thank you for your support and please join us to make this happen!!
A special "thank you" on our web-site.
The

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.569738
Retrieved Text: “Faubourg Tremé: The Untold Story of Black New Orleans” was largely shot before the Katrina tragedy but edited afterward, giving the film both a celebratory and elegiac tone. It is a film of such effortless intimacy, subtle glances and authentic details that only two native New Orleanians could have made it.
During slavery, Faubourg Tremé—a neighborhood near the French Quarter—was home to the largest community of free Black people in the Deep South and a hotbed of political ferment. Black and white, free and enslaved, rich and poor co-habitated, collaborated, and clashed to create much of what defines New Orleans culture up to the present day.
The film tells the history of the radical roots of this New Orleans community where during slavery, Black people could earn their freedom and purchase a house. Where sit-ins, almost a century before Rosa Parks, won the integration of public transportation.
The film concludes with the new challenges facing the Black community after the Katrina disaster. It does not just commemorate, but reminds us that U.S. society still confronts the same battles that the residents of Tremé have waged through two centuries—demands for economic justice, voting rights, equal education, decent public services, in short, full citizenship for African Americans. 2007, 67 min.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.49614
Retrieved Text: Perhaps guilty of creating atmosphere for its own sake, 1981’s The Appointment nonetheless manages to succeed in weaving a creepy spell. The only feature film credited to director Lindsay C. Vickers, it almost totally eschews plot and characterization for the sake of mood. Things start out with an unsolved mystery in which a young school girl meets a shocking and entirely unpredictable fate. After providing this opening jolt, surely one of the most inexplicable in all of cinema, the film leaps forward three years. Here The Appointment settles, for a while at least, into the mundane. Ian, a father (The Wicker Man’s Edward Woodward), must break the news to his daughter (who may or may not be the same girl from the opening) that he won’t be able to attend her violin recital due to a work commitment in London. From a plot perspective, the rest of the film follows his tormented journey into London. In practice, The Appointment is much stranger.
Vickers seems rather uninterested in establishing coherent continuity here. As a result, The Appointment is perhaps best described as a dream film. As it proceeds, Ian’s journey becomes increasingly apparent as a descent into a private hell. His familial squabbles escalate and his dreams become tormented by visions of three vicious dogs. The director becomes increasingly interested in the environment as the film unfolds, devoting many long, unmotivated pans past the characters to the spaces that they inhabit. From time to time, a devious, unseen presence manipulates objects, impeding Ian’s trip.
What this all means is

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.361479
Retrieved Text: "It occurs to me that this girl could have saved a lot of time and effort by packing the geese in ventilated crates and busing them. But then we wouldn't have the movie, with its dazzling photography, Paquin's sweet, unsentimental performance and, of course, the geese. They're adorable when they waddle in the tall grass, and beautiful when they fly."
"As much a hymn to human eccentricity - and inventiveness - as it is to the human spirit. To begin with, these birds have an interesting problem. They have to learn to fly and migrate; since Amy was their first sight on earth, "imprinted" on the goslings as their mom, the seemingly impossible job of getting them airborne is hers. Good thing Dad likes to fool around with ultralight aircraft, which fly at roughly goose speed. Good thing Amy has the gumption to fly one of those contraptions. But the very good things about Fly Away Home are the restrained naturalism of its playing; its gentle, unforced direction by Carroll Ballard; and above all its imagery, shot by cinematographer Caleb Deschanel, of Amy, Tom and the birds in flight. At once comic and soaring, artful and artless, these scenes lift us from earthbound disbelief and charm our acquiescence in the sweetest of adventures."
"Preaches the unsung virtues of restlessness, as befits a film about a 13 year-old girl who is mourning her mother, but also embarking on the no-less important task of turning into her. Amy is, in other words, caught up in a few migratory urges of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.360382
Retrieved Text: On January 24th, 1955, The Musuem of Modern Art in New York opened a new exhibition entitled The Family of Man.
The show as curated by famed photographer Edward Steichen and featured the work of some of the world's best photojournalist; people such as Diane Arbus, Eve Arnold, Henir Cartier Bresson and more than 200 others.
The photographs were powerful, owing largely to the rise of small hand-held cameraa such as the Leica, which had become the workhorse of photo journalists since their invention in the 1930s. The Leicas, among others, changed the nature of photography. Now, for the first time, photo journalists could get close to their subjects, freed from large format cameras, tripods and the need to light.
As a result, photojournalism was completely re-invented. It became more intimate, more honest and far more compelling.
With the MoMA's Family of Man Exhibition it became something else - it became ART.
Now, Glasgow artist Charoltte Prodger has been awarded the presigious Turner Prize for films she has made on an iPhone.
What MoMA and Edward Steichen did for Leica photo journalism, the Turner Prize has done for iPhone video -taken it from merely capturing and representing events to creating fine art in this relatively new medium of video.
The invention of the Leica and 35mm film was transformational for photography, Prior to Leica, photo journalists were burdened with large, bulky and complicated cameras which shot on sheet film. The images were technically perfect, but the size and weight of the cameras severely constricted the relationship of the photographer ot the subject. Small,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.317036
Retrieved Text: Joyce Glasser reviews 3 Faces (Se rokh) (March 29, 2019), Cert. 15, 100 min.
For most writer/directors, obstacles to getting their films off the ground and realising their vision include getting a sufficient budget, cast availability, insurance and distribution. For Jafar Panahi (The White Balloon), who along with Asghar Farhadi, is arguably the most lauded Iranian director working today, the main obstacle is political. Even before 2010, his award-winning films, The Circle and The Mirror have been banned in Iran. Since 2010, a government imposed 20-year ban on making films or leaving his country is a challenge few if any directors have had to face.
This is Not a Film – smuggled out of Iran in a flash drive in a cake to open the Cannes Film Festival in 2011 – was a direct response to the threat of six-years in prison for ignoring the sentence. This was followed by Closed Curtain in 2013 and Taxi in 2015, both sweeping top prizes at the Berlin Film Festival.
In his latest film, 3 Faces, Panahi, playing a fictitious version of himself, advises a hysterical production manager whose lead actress (Behnaz Jafari) has walked off the set and has nothing else to shoot: ‘silver-lining; you’ll find a solution’. Panahi, who has become adept at subverting the ban with underground filmmaking that packs a punch, finds another solution in a multi-layered critique of Iranian society.
The film, shot in Panahi’s neo-realist style, but with a determined menacing and claustrophobic feel throughout thanks in part to Amin Jafari’s creative cinematography, begins with a home-video

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.126068
Retrieved Text: En Kärlekshistoria (A Swedish Love Story) depicts the love between the two teenagers Annika and Pär. The film describes all the uncertainty, fear, tenderness and joy that they experience together. In the background is their parent's reality, the lost generation of the Swedish welfare state. Their lonely dreams about the future is lost in the everyday routine with the auto repair shop and refridgerator agency.
a classic in the 'coming-of-age' genre..
When Pär (Rolf Sohlman) meets Annika (Ann-Sofie Kylin) something magical happens! At first the two teens do not quite know what it is - they have never been in love before, they do not know how to react. But as time goes by it becomes apparent that Pär and Annika were meant for each other. Slowly but surely their parents also begin to see what everyone else already knows.
Director Roy Anderson's En Kärlekshistoria a.k.a A Swedish Love Story (1970) is a surprisingly mature effort at describing teenage love to those who have never experienced it. Honest, sweet, and beautifully shot this is also a film that captures marvelously the spirit of a country on the verge of a massive economic crisis.
The greatest strength of this picture, a key element that will reappear in Anderson's later works, is the meticulous character exploration made possible by long and devoid of unnecessary glamour takes. The director's camera is frequently focused at accentuating different aspects from the main protagonists' personas that would have likely escaped the viewer's attention. A simple twitch, sigh, or glance is typically treated with utmost respect. Logically,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.117144
Retrieved Text: Vera Sjunnesson is a writer/ director and video artist born in Sweden. In 2016 she graduated from New York University’s Graduate Film Program, were she took and MFA in film production. She is also a recipients of a grant from Tisch School of the Arts Department Fellowship. Before coming to New York she trained at the Czech film school FAMU and completed a MFA at the Royal Institute of Art in Stockholm. She has worked with large dimensioned video installations, as an documentary photographer, editor, journalist and script supervisor on projects all over the world. Her short film INFANTILE was nominated to the Best Swedish Short Award (Startsladden) at Gothenburg Film Festival.
A black comedy, Bathtub follows Acko, a swedish expat in her early 40’s, who lives in a run-down building in a new York with her well-intentioned but disoriented boyfriend sam. Eight months pregnant, Acko gets stuck in the bathroom and discovers a hole in the floor through which she can watch impotent adult performer Aaron, who works in the apartment below. To her own surprise, Acko re-awakens sexually and this helps her escape her fear of pregnancy, of being captured in an uncontrollable body. she begins to drift away from her claustrophobic existence with sam and initiates a co-dependent affair with Aaron, who shows her his religious reality outside. Acko is to explore dark and obscure dimensions of intimacy.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.091162
Retrieved Text: ROBERT Redford delivers a tour-de-force in JC Chandor’s gripping All Is Lost, the type of film that offers up cinema at its most visceral and pure.
A survival drama that pits one man against the ocean, this is on a par with films like Gravity for the way it impresses as a piece of spectacle that never loses sight of the human emotions at its core. But what makes it all the more impressive is the performance that anchors it, a near wordless and extremely physical piece of acting that rewards screen veteran Redford with one of the best roles of his esteemed career.
The film hits the ground running. A lone sailor is awoken from his sleep somewhere in the Indian Ocean by a bang that turns out to be a shipping container rubbing against the side of his vessel. Unfortunately, the container has breached the side of his boat and water has started to pour in.
The man successfully patches this up but finds the damage is more widespread than at first thought: it has cut him off from the rest of the world as his electronics are largely fried.
What ensues is an increasingly desperate attempt to find land, or even rescue, that becomes increasingly hampered by the elements.
Chandor, whose first film was the astute and equally gripping financial drama Margin Call, here takes the audience on a similarly engrossing journey. And it’s not always a comfortable watch.
Just as the director slowly, and often mercilessly, strips hope away from its central character, so too does the audience

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.932325
Retrieved Text: For ten minutes there is some hope for Volker Schlondorff’s film of Margaret Atwood’s searching and claustrophobic novel of 1985. Only a few years from now, somewhere in a northern region of the United States, there has been a violent revolution. Inspired by a sudden loss of fertility in the human species, women-despising fundamentalists have come to power, and have reshaped society in their own insanely constrictive image. They call their terrible new world Gilead.
A young married couple attempt to escape across the border with their small daughter; the husband is killed, the child confiscated, and Kate, the brand-new widow (Natasha Richardson in flowing, nubile form), finds herself in a kind of concentration camp, where she will be taught to be a Handmaid; a breeder for the new elite. These initial scenes are shot with an icy sweeping clarity; just as in his film version of The Tin Drum, Schlondorff superbly evokes the moments just after the final calamity, the chaos and the stunned hush of zero hour, the deracinated despair of the exile.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.904282
Retrieved Text: After being purposefully passed a sexually transmitted curse, a young girl is pursued by a terrifying supernatural entity.
Computer-generated imagery, darkness, claustrophobia, jump-scares and loud music – these are just some of the components that mix to formulate a conventional horror film of the 21st century. The aforementioned ingredients are overindulged and rinsed by contemporary horror filmmakers to the point where their films are becoming utterly predictable, widely tedious and, frankly, pointless. Occasionally, however, rarities occur that challenge these genre conventions and provide audiences with a certain unique originality that was last prominent during the great 1980s. A few years ago it was A Cabin in the Woods that possessed this quality, now, in 2015, it’s It Follows.
Having been raised in a period of oozing Hollywood-modernist cinema that saw the uprising of monumental late-1970s and 80s horror films such as The Shining, The Evil Dead, A Nightmare on Elm Street and John Carpenter masterpieces, Halloween and The Thing, writer-director David Robert Mitchell has clearly been inspired by these and arguably owes them a great debt. So, with the retro-80s set, costume and quite superb score in mind, is it any coincidence that Mitchell has centred It Follows in this ground-breaking period of horror?
It Follows is all about the experience. Although its plotline is comprehendible, the film’s profoundly-allegorical inner-meaning is what makes it ambiguous and, to some, slightly perplexing. Many have interpreted the storyline as an allegory for the arrival of AIDs, and in fairness, this does actually add up when considering the correlations between the period It

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.778648
Retrieved Text: The Manchester Film Festival gears up for its third edition next week, as stars from television and cinema mix with fresh artistic talent from around the world.
New to 2017, the festival’s ‘Rising Stars’ strand will showcase upcoming names from behind and in front of the independent camera, with closing-night film Katie Says Goodbye starring Oldham-born actress Olivia Cook.
Best known for playing Emma Decody in the Psycho television prequel Bates Motel, Cook takes the title role in this feature, portraying a San Francisco 17-year-old forced to turn to prostitution in order to overcome her abject poverty.
The festival is also running a ‘Be Who You Are, Say What You Feel’ strand, hoping to champion the vast selection of films that portray themes of acceptance and freedom in often challenging circumstances.
Highlights include Stanley A Man of Variety, an incarceration-induced hallucination comedy starring legendary British actor Timothy Spall.
Meanwhile Lightningface is a claustrophobic and uncomfortable short that focuses on a man who, after an inexplicable incident, decides to sequester himself inside his apartment, thus setting the stage for a profound transformation.
The film stars Hollywood A-lister and all-round fan-favourite Oscar Isaac, clearly taking a break from filming the latest Star Wars to explore his more introspective side.
Lightningface will be playing as part of the Festival’s first set of short film screenings, taking place at 6:00pm on Friday March 3 at the Odeon Printworks, Manchester.
Also included in the selection is The Silent Man, starring ex-Never Mind the Buzzcocks presenter Simon Amstell.
The film marks the fourth short project by director Charlotte Colbert and it

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.57017
Retrieved Text: I’ll be the first to admit it: I’m a sucker for low-budget, experimental horror flicks (if one couldn’t tell by my exceptionally high praise for Patrick Brice‘s Creep 2 and Trey Edward Shults‘ It Comes at Night). There’s something so creatively liberating about this small niche of cinema that I almost always thoroughly enjoy. Whatever it is, the filmmakers clearly feel free to experiment with narrative, cinematography, and music in ways that fulfill the tonal contract of their genre and leave lasting impressions on horror enthusiasts.
Steven Soderbergh‘s latest film Unsane falls more into the category of thriller than horror, but it nonetheless exhibits that same experimentation of which I’ve grown quite fond. Shot entirely on an iPhone, Soderbergh’s B-movie thriller is a film that combines artistically ambitious presentation with an edgy, uneven narrative that somehow just feels right in the moment. Though it’s undeniably imperfect, and will likely frustrate some audiences, Unsane is just the right flavor of psychological thriller that makes it a worthwhile and engaging experience.
The Crown‘s Claire Foy plays Sawyer Valentini, a stalking victim who seeks therapy at a mental institution with the menacingly-neutral name of Highland Creek. After a seemingly routine appointment with a therapist, she’s given paperwork to fill out for her next steps in treatment. By signing on the dotted line, Sawyer has been tricked into voluntarily committing herself to the asylum. She is herded into a room, instructed to strip and change into a hospital gown, and then locked in a ward with other patients. It’s a humiliating and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.37543
Retrieved Text: Typically, I like to discuss newer films around the time that they are released as most of the audience at Celluloid Cinema can then go out and see them while they are still fresh and relevant in society. However, as we sit through April waiting for the next wave of summer blockbusters, it seems every day I am still thinking about the direction of Lenny Abrahamson’s film, Room, that at this point came out over four months ago. When I initially went to go see the film I did know anything about it, in fact the only reason that I went to go see the film was because of the several Academy Awards that it received. For those of you familiar with the plot of the film, this hard to watch story was not what I was expecting as I sat down in the theater with my popcorn. While the heart-wrenching story of a mother trying to escape from captivity with her son is enough to engage any audience emotionally, the first half of the film also affected me physically in a way I do not think I have ever experienced in a film before.
The goal of any director is to portray a story in a way that allows the audience to ultimately understand the theme of the film, whether this is accomplished through how they frame the characters, use color schemes, or sound, every element that we see in a film is there to make the audience enter some sort of emotional state. Obviously this

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.345232
Retrieved Text: A woman travels both physically and literally in an interior space of several rooms. The film explores the space between self present cohesion and split subjectivity. The fantastical merges with claustrophobic domestical ritual.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.088755
Retrieved Text: Our House, the thesis film by Tokyo University of the Arts graduate Yui Kiyohara, is possibly the most narratively radical fiction film playing at Berlinale this year and for the most part it succeeds. Arguably the main character is the house in which the film's two stories unfold: a creaking wooden house that looks like it's about to topple over in a small Japanese coast town. Here, we witness a daughter jealous about her mother's new boyfriend, and a mysterious woman who takes in an amnesiac she found asleep and alone on a ferry. Kiyohara's way of structuring the narrative means that the two stories and timelines never overlap. Instead, we simply have two stories set in the same place and time that are completely separate. As strategy as simple as it is daring.
Kiyohara's intention is not so much to compel through narrative but to open up the possibility that our reality is not singular and comment on the fragility of memory in perception. Yet through the hint of ghosts, menace and the uncertainty of perspective in the film she creates a haunting tone similar to David Lynch. Moments where the two stories in the same house interact are slight but do occur: the teenage girl pokes a hole in her bedroom wall that the amnesiac later looks through, and the teenage girl throws a vase that hits an attacker who is bearing down on the young woman and the amnesiac. Some of the plot developments are contrived, for instance the eventual attacker goes from being

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.973
Retrieved Text: Two years ago I shot my first roll of film. I've shot roughly 90 rolls since this photo was taken. I've learned a lot about myself after starting this. Learned a lot about living real time and slowing down to care for moments that happen in my life. . Every shot costs. So every shot needed meticulous attention. So every roll was cared for. From the moment those feelings danced inside me, to the moment I made that experience a tangible feeling. . Film brought a lot of intimacy into my life and drove home the idea of caring both mentally and physically about the moments I felt deeply enough to even want to remember. . I dunno. Film is neat.

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.778599
Retrieved Text: A traditional barber’s pole in white, blue and red rotates at the corner of the store, with three vintage barber chairs sat between a massive floor-to-ceiling window—welcome to Dongguan’s first and only barbershop.
As traditional as it is, this barbershop is for gentlemen only. Currently, they mainly work with hairstyles such as slicked back, buzz cut, afro hair, dreadlocks—what’s more, beard-shaving and grooming. A reservation is recommended since there are only two barbers on site daily. They have been trained by the industry-renowned brand “SAGS,” which has branches also in Guangzhou, Foshan and Hangzhou.
Chinese overseas lady May opened this shop with her husband Sky, who is fascinated by the barbershop culture and had experienced different ones in many countries during trips they went on. With interest, they partnered with SAGS for this Dongguan branch.
True to its name, “Mr. Barber & Whisky” presents some unique whisky and cigars, hidden for your discovery. Generally, a haircut costs 198 RMB and includes one drink (whisky, cocktail or mocktail). For beard-shaving it’s the same and beard-grooming costs half. Besides that, some branded items such as pomade and conditioner are for sale.
Barbershop opens from 1 to 9 pm and the bar remains open until 2 am. Make a reservation by calling: 22290832.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.222206
Retrieved Text: American Gentleman Beard Balm has created a new and invigorating way to package its signature product. Samples of the American Gentleman Beard Balm comes filled within tiny beer bottle caps. The bottle caps range in a variety of brands from Molson Canadian to Budweiser. As for scents, the beard balm comes in cherry and butter beer flavors.
Each recycled beer cap contains five to eight milliliters of balm, making it a great cosmetic product to travel with. The American Gentleman Beard Balm is 100% organic and vegan, making it safe for the skin and the environment. The packaging is an inventive way to market towards men -- the majority consumer for the product.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.385447
Retrieved Text: ''KISS OF THE SPIDER WOMAN'' begins with a theatrical-sounding homosexual describing the plot of an old movie (''her petite ankle slips into the perfumed water'') for the benefit of his prison cellmate, a political radical. There is nothing in this seemingly frivolous, beautifully staged opening to betray the film's tremendous reserves of seriousness and passion. Nor are there sufficient clues in the previous film careers of the director, Hector Babenco (the highly praised ''Pixote''), or the two stars, William Hurt and Raul Julia, to anticipate the stature of the work they do here. ''Kiss of the Spider Woman'' is a brilliant achievement for all of them, staged with the perfect control and fierce originality that make it one of the best films in a long while.
Mr. Hurt won a well-deserved best actor award at the Cannes Film Festival for a performance that is crafty at first, carefully nurtured, and finally stirring in profound, unanticipated ways. What starts out as a campy, facetious catalogue of Hollywood trivia becomes an extraordinarily moving film about manhood, heroism and love. As Luis Molina, the storyteller who keeps his cellmate Valentin Arregui entertained with pulp movie fiction, Mr. Hurt is first seen wrapping a red towel around his head as a turban, the better to impersonate the female star of the film he is describing. The red scarf he ties around his neck in the climactic sequence is both a reminder of his earlier character and a sign of the completeness of his transformation.
''Kiss of the Spider Woman,'' which opens today

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.086742
Retrieved Text: Showing results by author "C Z Dunn"
The masters of the Doom Eagles Space Marines Chapter descend upon the world of Tranzia to honour a batch of new recruits who will lead the Chapter into the next generation. As they make planetfall, the world rises up against them in a rebellion organised by the alien Tau. But something else lurks behind the xenos, a horror that has haunted the Imperium since its very beginnings. The Doom Eagles and their Adepta Sororitas allies are thrust into a race against time to discover the true architect of the Tranzia Rebellion.
On the world of Amadis, veteran Imperial Guard officer Regan Antigone is being honoured for his role in the planet's liberation from the forces of Chaos, some 25 years earlier. But when his old comrade, Master Tigrane of the Dark Angels Space Marine Chapter, arrives to join the festivities and asks to hear the glorious tale told once more, Antigone falters.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.448189
Retrieved Text: Mumbai: Parachute maker Marico has entered into a strategic investment in Zed Lifestyle, the owner of "Beardo" male grooming brand, by acquiring a 45% equity stake for an undisclosed amount. The equity stake shall be acquired over a period of two years, through primary infusion and secondary buyouts.
Zed Lifestyle was founded by entrepreneurs Ashutosh Valani and Priyank Shah in June 2016 in Ahmedabad. Within a year, Beardo has emerged as a fast-growing male grooming brand largely focused around beard-styling.
The stake buy would bolster the Rs 6,100 crore Marico's "learning capability" around beard styling and online marketing, Saugata Gupta, MD & CEO, Marico, told TOI. Marico views this investment in Zed Lifestyle as a stepping stone towards its ambition of strengthening its presence and widening its portfolio in this segment.
"We are impressed with the founders and the velocity of growth of the business since inception. It fast-forwards our journey towards nurturing a future-ready male grooming portfolio and brand in the online and salon space. This partnership will help us access the emerging niches at the premium end, and will turbocharge our digital marketing and social media engagement capability. The promoters bring in a strong understanding of the online space which will support in scaling up Beardo. This is also in line with our emerging focus of venture investments into startups to incubate new engines of growth," said Gupta.
For Zed Lifestyle, the investment by Marico would broaden its market segment and help grow the product range to a wider consumer base. Ashutosh Valani, CEO of the Zed Lifestyle,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.427265
Retrieved Text: Orphans living in a dollmaker’s home discover a secret within the walls that awakens a demonic presence.
Using handwritten notes as clues, Annabelle Mullins plays hide and seek with her dollmaker father Sam, who runs his toy company out of the family’s remote country home. When her parents stop to fix a tire on their drive home from church, Annabelle inadvertently runs into the road and is killed by a passing car.
12 Years Later – With his disfigured wife Esther living in seclusion in a backroom, Sam opens his house to an orphanage in need of a new location. Sister Charlotte moves into Sam’s house with older orphans Nancy and Carol, younger girls Kate and Tierney, and best friends Linda and Janice, the latter of whom is crippled from polio.
Sam forbids anyone from entering his daughter’s bedroom. Sister Charlotte and some of the girls begin having eerie experiences when alone, as if someone is in an empty room with them.
A hide and seek note found on the floor leads Janice to a closet in Annabelle’s bedroom. Janice discovers the Annabelle doll on the other side of the closet door, which is covered in bible pages. Spooked by the doll’s appearance, Janice throws a sheet over it. The doll rises and walks toward Janice, but nothing is there when the sheet falls to the floor. Linda later encounters the doll while hiding in a secret passage.
Sister Charlotte shows Sam a picture of her in Romania with three other nuns. Sam notices a frightening fifth nun in a shadow

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.188345
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in Beards and tagged beards, beard tips, Christmas, Styles on December 18, 2017 by The English Shaving Company.
2017 has been a great year for beards. Celebrities, self-proclaimed hipsters and ordinary blokes alike have opted for the sophistication, finesse or rugged charm that a beard can bring depending on the style. The facial hair trend began growing a few years ago and shows no sign of cutting down its pace yet (pun intended). At The English Shaving Company, we love beards. To honour man’s long-standing style companion and to celebrate all the facial follicle diversity of 2017, we’ve put together our favourite beard styles of the year.
This entry was posted in Beards and tagged beards, beard tips, Styles on December 15, 2017 by The English Shaving Company.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.086016
Retrieved Text: If you are associated with Bebout, Janice , click the Claim Listing button to contact a representative about a free listing with our referral program.
Do you reside in or have a loved one in Bebout, Janice ?
Bebout, Janice, located in Eugene, Oregon provides the following services: Micro-Community: Adult Foster Home, Alzheimer's Care, and Assisted Living. It accepts the following payment methods: Medicare, Medicaid, and Veteran's Benefits. Bebout, Janice has a very good hospital, Sacred Heart University Dist, located nearby, which scored a 84 out of 100 in its most recent Medicare review. The Bebout, Janice's nearest hospital is 0 miles away. The zipcode (97405) in Oregon, where Bebout, Janice is located, has an average safety rating based on recent crime statistics.
Bebout, Janice is an assisted living facility. Assisted living facilities are an apartment-style habitat designed to focus on providing assistance with daily living activities. They provide a higher level of service for the elderly which can include preparing meals, housekeeping, medication assistance, laundry, and also do regular check-in's on the residents. Basically, they are designed to bridge the gap between independent living and nursing home facilities. When thinking about how to pay for care, assisted living facilities are generally less expensive than nursing homes, if assisted living is a viable option for your loved one.
Also, Bebout, Janice is a Micro community, which means it is a smaller senior community. It is a Adult Foster Home. Some people prefer it for its smaller less institutional setting.
Also, Bebout, Janice facility provides Alzheimer's care. This means it has special

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.07772
Retrieved Text: v. i. 1. To sink, in the middle, by its weight or under applied pressure, below a horizontal line or plane; as, a line or cable supported by its ends sags, though tightly drawn; the floor of a room sags; hence, to lean, give way, or settle from a vertical position; as, a building may sag one way or another; a door sags on its hinges.
2. Fig.: To lose firmness or elasticity; to sink; to droop; to flag; to bend; to yield, as the mind or spirits, under the pressure of care, trouble, doubt, or the like; to be unsettled or unbalanced.
3. To loiter in walking; to idle along; to drag or droop heavily.
(Naut.) to make much leeway by reason of the wind, sea, or current; to drift to leeward; - said of a vessel.
v. t. 1. To cause to bend or give way; to load.
n. 1. State of sinking or bending; sagging.
Noun 1. sag - a shape that sags; "there was a sag in the chair seat"
2. sag - cause to sag; "The children sagged their bottoms down even more comfortably"

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.768883
Retrieved Text: March 17, 2019 12:39 pm - International Owl is celebrating the fourth anniversary of its cutting edge boar bristle beard brush for men. It is a high quality beard brush known for being perfect for all hair types.
iOwl, a leading provider for mens high quality beard brushes, has announced it is celebrating its fourth anniversary since the launch of its cutting edge brush for men. On April 4th, it will celebrate the occasion, and its renowned bamboo beard brushes for men are available both online and on the Amazon store, where customers can find out more.
Beards are becoming increasingly popular, and its important to choose a high quality brush to ensure that every mans beard is kept looking its best. This is where iOwl can help. It prides itself on its high quality products and industry leading services, and strives to offer the best products for its customers.
One of the things that sets the beard brush apart from other brushes for mens beards is that it can be used effectively on all types of hair. This means it can be used by men with any type of beard, and any type of hair, offering peace of mind when purchasing.
Other benefits to the high quality beard brush include the fact that it is very comfortable to hold. This makes it easier to use, and ensures that men looking for the best beard brush can purchase safe in the knowledge theyre getting the best deal.
iOwl hand selects the materials it uses in its products to ensure that each

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.704458
Retrieved Text: No longer are websites accessed from a desktop or laptop alone. More and more people are accessing the web on the go through their mobile devices. If your website does not show up properly on their smartphones or tablets, there is a good chance that you are going to lose these customers. Why take the risk? Why not ensure that your website’s design adjusts to the screen size and resolution of the different devices. This is where responsive website design enters the picture. City & District uses its proficiency in responsive web design technology to create sites that adapt themselves to the different devices used by your target audience.
Our own website has been designed keeping the tenets of responsiveness in mind. Its content is displayed optimally on desktops, mobiles and tablets.
Allow us to ask a counter question – Why not? If the technology is available, why not use it to derive business benefit. A responsive website gives you a competitive edge and allows you to reach out to a wider audience. Various studies predict that mobile browsing is going be the preferred method of browsing over the next few years and you want your website’s design to be ready for this change. No longer is a purely desktop website good enough. In order to attract customers, you need to keep pace with and adapt to the changing expectations of your target audience, and that is why Responsive Website Design.
Why City & District for A Responsive Website?
Open our site on a desktop, then open it on a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.69701
Retrieved Text: Biber Architects of New York recently announced the groundbreaking of the USA Pavilion, "American Food 2.0: United to Feed the Planet", for the Milan World Expo in 2015. The US pavilion is one of 147 participating countries responding to the expo's theme, "Feeding the Planet, Energy for Life", which addresses global issues regarding food security, access and waste, and the challenging prospect of nutritiously feeding 9 billion people by 2050.
Check out images of the pavilion right below.
"Organized by Friends of the USA Pavilion Milano 2015 – a collaboration between the James Beard Foundation and the International Culinary Center in association with the American Chamber of Commerce in Italy – the pavilion was thoughtfully designed in response to the overall expo theme of food.
Designed in response to the closed box architecture of recent expos, the 2015 USA Pavilion is characterized by openness, transparency and accessibility with considerate references to American culture.
The pavilion opens its airplane hangar-sized door to the main pedestrian approach where visitors are greeted to a distinctly American, food-related image: the boardwalk. Made of recycled lumber from America’s boardwalks, the walkway rises from the ground level to the second floor, serving as the main forum for self-guided viewing and concealing a defined exhibition space below."
"On the top floor, a rooftop terrace will feature dimmable glass shade and energy generating panels and a translucent floor, playing host to nightly parties for the rooftop-craving Italian crowds while also catering to VIPs and diplomats.
The main architectural feature is a floating vertical farm running the length of one side

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.57068
Retrieved Text: RDPFS Board members give generously of their time and expertise. Board members volunteer their time to help the Foundation effectively partner with grantee organizations, providing experience and expertise that goes well beyond the monetary value of a grant. The Foundation’s Board of Directors are all passionate about providing blind and visually impaired individuals with the tools and resources they need to live and work independently.
Matt is an IT leader combining global IT leadership, business-technology strategic planning and deep technology expertise. Matt holds an MS in Computer Science from Polytechnic University. He currently serves as Board Chair. Matt is also the Chair of the Finance and Investment Committee.
Janice is a non-profit professional with expertise in field operations and implementation of programs serving blind and visually impaired people. As a recent retiree from the NYS Commission for the Blind, Janice continues to follow issues and technological advances in services for individuals who are blind or visually impaired. Janice has an MPA in Non-Profit Management from Pace University. Janice currently serves as Board Vice Chair and is a member of the Audit Committee. Janice is a 2018 recipient of the Matthew P. Sapolin Visionary Award for making an outstanding and long-lasting contribution to the advancement, well-being and full participation of people who are blind or visually impaired in all aspects of life in NYC.
Craig is a financial business executive with global expertise in strategic planning, operations, customer service and accounting. He holds an MBA in Finance from Pace University. Craig currently serves as the Board’s Treasurer and is a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.528006
Retrieved Text: Individually Handcrafted Beard Comb out of Recycled Skateboards!
Each of these combs are hand crafted by ME out of recycled skateboards. No two combs are the same! Each comb has unique artwork and characteristics and hand sanded and polished to bring out the beauty in the wood. The combs are finished with a few coats of polyurethane to protect the wood and ensure a very smooth surface.
If you have never used a wooden beard comb, they are perfect for oil distribution and will glide through the beard without a snag.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.431787
Retrieved Text: If you are going to be late to the party, you might as well make a grand entrance. And, boy, did we ever make a big mark in the balm game.
Since we've launched Beardbrand, our customers have been asking us to develop and launch a beard balm. Personally, I've always been partial to beard oils, so we focused on those. In addition to that, I saw other opportunities in the marketplace that weren't being acted on (see more on the development of our awesome beard softener, sea salt spray and white line products).
Since we're a little late to the beard balm game, we needed to make a statement product. After an immersion in the market I saw some untapped opportunities in the space - the beard balms on the market left a lot to be desired. They tended to have odd textures; they were sticky, heavy, and hard to work with.
We wanted to develop a product that was a lightweight and creamy texture, easy to apply, and falls in line with our product ethos. Where all others seemed to just focus on the beard, we thought beyond the beard. Boom, enter the Utility Balm!
Our goal for this product is offer an item that can simplify our customer's lives. The Utility Balm is designed for the man who doesn't want a shelf full of products and expects top performance from the products he does buy.
Our Utility Balm is that product.
It has been formulated from the ground up to work as a beard balm, as a tattoo balm,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.317886
Retrieved Text: Jtown is an interactive art environment by my dear friend Janice Porter that will be taking over the 1078 Gallery in Chico in October.
I've got a structure in her imaginary, utopic neighborhood of the future—a sculpture that's part meditation hut, part wedding dress—all made from recycled and salvaged materials (mainly plastic trash).
Janice has lots of events planned—check out the flyer and see you there!
999 A vital element of every lady wardrobe are her footwear.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.308388
Retrieved Text: The point where its beak struck the pane was clearly visible.
The ghostly impression of a bird on reader Janice Franklin's patio door.
The ghostly, freakish image of a bird , its wings spread, its tail feathers splayed, imprinted on the glass of her patio door, greeted Janice Franklin as she entered the room.
Added to the unreality of the shot is the presence of a plastic heron in the background, used to deter its mates from stealing pond fish.
Mrs Franklin, 78, - a keen amateur photographer and volunteer missionary – lives in Belmont close, Uxbridge.
“Pigeons or doves quite often fly into window panes," she said.
The fate of the bird is not known but we will bring it to you as soon as we know it.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.243633
Retrieved Text: It’s an exciting time to be in the field of leadership development, but it’s also a time of uncertainty and upheaval. Technology is transforming the way we do business. Will your organization be able to stay competitive in the face of the change coming at you at lightning speed?
Janice Semper has an expression summing up today’s business climate: “Passion and panic.” Janice is the head of culture at GE and one of the foremost thinkers in the field of leadership development. I had a chance to interview her on the occasion of my one-year anniversary of my radio show, iLead: The Leadership Connection, where we talked about the cultural transformation at GE and how to bring performance management into the 21st century.
GE knows all about change: over the years, the company has reinvented itself over and over. “It’s about GE’s survival, quite honestly,” Janice told me. “If you look at what’s happening in the world today, we can’t stay still. We have to continue to evolve how we work, how we think, and how we compete.
Janice pointed out that GE is the only company still in existence that was on the original Dow Jones Industrial Average. The company’s drive to move forward and develop leaders is part of its heritage, and it’s helped keep GE alive for over 135 years.
GE’s vision for the 21st century is to become a “digital industrial” company, Janice told me. “To achieve that, we have to transform the way we work. And a big part of that is our performance management

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.133722
Retrieved Text: The expansion of high-throughput technologies have led over the past decade to an unprecedented increase of the pace of data accumulation in biological science at molecular level. However this increase was not even - as while over 2000 genomes are already completed (Pagani et al, 2012) the vast majority of encoded proteins have not yet an assigned 3D structure and the functions of these proteins are still under investigation. While next-generation massive parallel sequencers are heading toward a 1 genome per day threshold, with significant impact on medical and environmental research (Sastre 2011; Shokralla et al 2012), the overall number of known protein structures remains well below 105 as their determination still relies on techniques such as crystallography and NMR which are time consuming, expensive and do not always work, despite the efforts made to automate the experimental flow in crystallization factories (Stuart et al, 2006) and the emergence of over 20 consortiums of Structural Genomics (Chandonia & Brenner, 2006) aiming at large scale 3D protein structure solving in Europe, United States and Japan.
Similarly in glycomics and glycoproteomics the gap between compositional and structural information has also increased. By combining techniques such as liquid chromatography, capillary electrophoresis and mass spectrometry significant advances were made in the last couple of years related to glycan profiling and the assessment of glycan heterogeneity and site occupancy (Liu et al, 2011; Mittermayr et al, 2011; North et al, 2010; Song et al, 2011; Zaia, 2010, Zauner et al, 2010). For example by pairing glycosylation site-specific stable isotope tagging of lectin

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.963919
Retrieved Text: A voltage sag (U.S. English) or voltage dip (British English) is a short duration reduction in rms . the opposite of voltage sag. Voltage swell, which is a momentary increase in voltage, happens when a heavy load turns off in a power system.
Dec 12, 2016 . At this point, understanding the costs of voltage sags become . calculations of proposed investment plans for power system infrastructure.
Investigation on Voltage Quality Problems on the Process of Cement .
One of the dominant power quality problems is the voltage dip. The use . The problems faced by a power system in the supply of electrical energy need to be .. above, the voltage dip, occuring when the motor starts, can be calculated by the.
Jul 11, 2017 . Keywords: power quality; voltage sag; power transmission .. from the theoretical analysis of electrical power systems aimed at estimating their.
Factor Affecting Characteristic of Voltage Sag Due to Fault in the .
occurrence of important power quality problem, voltage sag in the system. Due to increasing .. From equation (3) the magnitude of sag voltage at PCC will be.
Calculating voltage dips in power systems - Chalmers Publication .
Calculating voltage dips in power systems using probability distributions of dip durations and implementation of the Moving Fault Node method. Master of.
Voltage sags are the most common events that affect power quality. . difficult to determine the source of voltage sags or other power quality problems. . This is long enough to corrupt data in microprocessor-based electronics and to cause.
THESIS FOR THE DEGREE OF DOCTOR OF PHILOSOPHY Voltage

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.894825
Retrieved Text: This year has been a transformational one for ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP). The company strengthened its portfolio so that it can break even at an oil price of just $40 a barrel. It did so by selling low-margin non-core assets and then used the cash proceeds to shore up its balance sheet and return some of the excess to investors.
The market is beginning to take notice of these improvements, evidenced by the fact that the stock has vastly outperformed its peers over the past year. From its analyst and investor meeting in November 2016 to this year&apos;s conference earlier in the month, the stock had delivered a total return of more than 14% while most energy stocks declined in value.
Here&apos;s a look back at what ConocoPhillips did this year to fuel that outperformance in what has largely been another down year for the oil patch.
ConocoPhillips got right to work implementing this strategy in 2017, and within a few short months, it vastly exceeded its ambitious expectations. Thanks in part to the sale of several Canadian assets to Cenovus Energy (NYSE: CVE), the company is on pace to pull in $16 billion in proceeds this year. That provided it with the cash to achieve its three-year financial goals in just over a year, putting it on the path to repurchase $3 billion in stock and getting debt down to $20 billion by the end of 2017, which is nearly $9 billion below where it was in early 2016.
ConocoPhillips&apos; plan gives investors the best of both worlds. They&apos;ll benefit

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.859823
Retrieved Text: How does the rock of the Earth’s mantle move?
When the mantle move it makes earthquakes. The top layer moves around because the solar system pushes it around.
One way I think that the plates move when volcanoes erupt because the mantle might be holding the lava that comes out of volcanoes. The other way I think the plates move is by earthquakes because I read about how earthquakes had something to do with the reason that land was split.
I claim that cooled down magma or rock causes the Earth’s mantle to move. My evidence is on diagram 4 it shows a ridge, and on diagram 2 it shows magma rising and when magma rises it turns into rock. And because it gets cooled down by the water above it, it gets more rock and new rocks mean that the older rock from before gets pushed down and gets burnt/recycled, causing a loop.
The Earth’s Tectonic plates move because of plumes of lava rapidly moving up pushing the plates. This process is similar to the way water moves ice under a frozen lake.
I claim Earth’s tectonic plates move because of convection cells pushing tectonic plates apart. My evidence is that the textbook claimed magma was heated near the core rose up pushed against two plates causing them to push apart.
My guess is that maybe they move because of the Mantles temperature or maybe it just moves on its own, but I do know that when the Mantle’s plates move, that it would cause Earthquakes. It could also move because

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.83074
Retrieved Text: What technology is shaping the change agenda currently? Progress never falters and only increases its pace. We take a look at 5 key trends happening in technology right now.
Combining IoT with blockchain —or BIoT—can open up brand new services for businesses and their customers. We’re seeing BIoT in action with the creation of smart cities, and even in the world of pharmaceuticals where BIoT can track shipments of medication and supplies. This year, organisations will begin to use App Programming Interfaces to connect the dots. Databases will be able to speak to other data bases, incorporating the blockchain Internet of Things will make it easy for businesses to access real-time data from sensors on products, and with the sophistication of blockchain, it means that customers can feel sure that their data is safeguarded.
2017 was a year where bots were embedded in to the fabric of everyday life. We communicate with bots all the time, from confirming our bank account balances to booking plane journeys online. We’re seeing more bots in the home to help with life administration tasks. From reminders about taking medication to alerting you if you go over your credit limit on your credit card. Bots can even send alerts when your parking is about to run out. With mobile usage set to increase, businesses will be looking to invest more and more on chatbots to improve services to customers.
Alexa, Google Assistant and Siri are already players in this growing market. The use of the voice activated technology is only predicted to grow this

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.796734
Retrieved Text: There are no critic reviews yet for Pastorela. Keep checking Rotten Tomatoes for updates!
It's a bad movie, but entertaining in some times, not working properly, covering subjects that are not fun like an exorcism and one that exorcises that at no time is laughable, the "black comedy" presented during the film does not cause anything to laugh in most of the movie, and some pieces if. The production and effects do not favor anything nor the "hold" trying to make.
I enjoyed this film, but by the end the film sort of lost its ground. I don't think there really should've been any supernatural goings-on in the film. I think it cheapens what the film is trying to do. Because there's this really great idea of this man so obsessed with playing the devil in his community's nativity play that he would go to any extremes to play the part, the supernatural aspect sort of cheapens the character's motivations. But I still think the movie is quite fun, certainly goes for a darker approach to its comedy and it works for the most part. The movie is definitely expletive-filled and, somehow, that supplies a lot of the comedy. I'll be the first one to say that film with a lot of curse words does not make a good film, but I suppose in the context of this film, with it relating to priests and religious folk, it sort of works. It doesn't work every time, but it works some times and I think the film has a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.783802
Retrieved Text: The Ministry of Youth, Sports, and Religious Affairs, in collaboration with the Grenada Netball Association, conducted a highly successful National Netball Symposium on Friday, 19 December, at the Grenada National Stadium.
The symposium was an initiative by the Minister for Youth, Sports, and Religious Affairs, Hon. Emmalin Pierre. It began the process to chart the way forward and concretize future developments for the sport.
Accompanying the Minister was Assistant Coordinator of Sports, Bruce Swan, President of the Grenada Netball Association, Janice Charles, and the facilitator of the netball symposium Ian Blanchard.
Minister Pierre believes that Grenada has what it takes to shine in the sport of netball. She stated her expectation resulting from the symposium which is to discuss the process of getting netball from its current state to where it is envisioned to be. This will materialize through meaningful dialogue and the galvanizing by the Grenada Netball Association and its stakeholders for the 2015 season and beyond.
Participants were engaged in healthy discussions covering all aspects of netball. Among the areas discussed throughout the discourse were the sourcing of scholarships, introducing the Fast–5 format of netball to Grenada, infrastructural development and exclusivity of netball courts, introducing primary school competitions, developing grassroots and talent identification programs, increasing the national team’s participation in regional and international tournaments, creating a Government policy for netball, and developing a marketing strategy which will eventually lead Grenada’s netball to become a global brand.
The Grenada Netball Association also announced that it will hold its election in January 2015.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.707663
Retrieved Text: While the Labor party have indicated that if they come into power they intend to introduce a number of taxes that will directly affect our property market, the 2019 Liberal Federal Budget made little mention of our property markets.
However there was plenty of good news in the Federal Budget and many of the key initiatives will help promote economic growth which will be positive for our property markets.
While our economic fundamentals are generally sound, home buyers and property investors are suffering from a crisis of confidence and our housing markets won’t rebound until consumers feel more confident about their job security, our political stability, certainty about the tax treatment of property investment and when the media stops scaremongering about a 40% crash in house prices.
Fortunately there was plenty in the budget to boost consumer confidence.
Our economy is back on track with a surplus and there are measures in the budget to give small business incentive to invest, create jobs, hire more people and take on more apprentices.
So what does the budget mean for property – that’s the topic of this week’s property insider chat with Dr Andrew Wilson..
Infrastructure investment will help underpin our economic growth not just in our big cities but also in regional Australia as new jobs are created and local resources are used to leave a legacy for future generations.
At the same time the RBA changed its narrative at its April meeting suggesting it is now prepared to support the economy if required. In other words, it will be prepared to cut interest

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.67661
Retrieved Text: The Sag Directivity Answer Module® is an optional add-in module for PQView that accepts any device compatible with PQView that provides voltage and current waveform data.
Traditionally one of the most common power quality problems, voltage sags, which are also known as voltage dips or rms voltage variations, are capable of causing hours of downtime. For today’s computer-dependent businesses, even the smallest sags can produce substantial problems, from loss of data to disruption of the production line. Because voltage sags can be caused by multiple factors, both by internal events such as the start-up of a large load or by a fault on the power system itself, they have been difficult to address. Key to resolving the problem is identifying the source of the problem — and whether that problem is inside the facility or in the distribution network of the supplier. Within the facility, the Sag Directivity Answer Module can determine where the sag occurred in relation to the monitoring location.
The Sag Directivity Answer Module detects a voltage sag event, identifies its characteristics and determines the direction of its location relative to the monitoring point. The Answer Module is invoked when both waveform samples are present. Using proprietary techniques, the Answer Module compares rms magnitudes computed from both current and voltage waveforms, tracking positive sequence phase angle changes from pre-fault to post-fault. Based on this data, the direction of the fault is determined with a high degree of accuracy, enabling power customers to determine whether the fault occurred upstream or downstream of the monitoring point.
The details

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.666044
Retrieved Text: To be completely honest, no one wants dry skin under their beard. Its a real drag. People will not notice it from afar. But, when they get really close to the face, they will be able to see everything that you don’t want them to see. They will see the flakes, red marks, and scratchy things that make you look a little like a bum. To avoid, use the best moisturizer for beard from the closest store. Getting rid of that thing is a real deal. You should take care of it you know. Learn more about this below.
When you go to sleep, the face gets moisture stuck in the beard. Normally, the beard absorbs sleep moisture. Under certain circumstances such as stress, the beard tends to absorb too much moisture and it get stuck as a result. Meaning, the flakes on your beard appear that can cause irritations. You got to make sure you stay away from things that stress you out. Go for a walk sometimes. Listen to a different genre of music. Do things that give you a measure of peace to make that beard less of a flaky issue.
If you are unable to do this because of the circumstances, you can use the best moisturizer for beard or regular moisturizer to wash up under your chin. We understand you can’t get rid of stress because of the life your dealing with now. Whatever you got to deal with, you got to make the best of it and try to do better with

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.555166
Retrieved Text: “Oh, good heavens!” puffed Archimedes who had been sitting on some of the Книги and been knocked from his насест, окунь as they moved.
The sugarbowl flew up with the чай set, leaving its lid and spoon behind. When Arthur picked them up, however, the sugarbowl shot back and snatched them back with indignance before fighting its way to the front of the cue, whacking the teapot with its spoon as it did so. “Stop, stop, stop!” Merlin commanded, shaking his stick/wand at it. “See here, sugarboy, you’re getting rough! That old чай set is cracked enough!” The sugarbowl elbowed the teapot again in response.
“Hmph!” сказал(-а) Archimedes, retreating into his house, but that was shrinking too and he had to fight to get free of the thing. “You bumbling blockhead!” he scolded Merlin, angrily.
“Higgitus figgitus miggitus moom, prestadatatonium!” Merlin finally finished as the last thing to be packed was the стул he was standing on and the cottage was emptied of all furnishings. “Ha-ha!” he said, triumphantly.
They were outside the house by this stage, Archimedes too, ready to leave. “Nonsense,” snapped Merlin, “the world is full of problems!” He slammed the door, as if to make a point, on his beard. “Oh, there, Ты see!” he snapped, tugging himself free, only for his beard to заворачивать, обертывание itself around his stick/wand.
“Do Ты need help?” Belle began but then Merlin pulled himself free, only for his beard to куст, буш up like dandelion fluff. Belle and Arthur couldn’t help laughing. Flustered and frustrated, Merlin patted his beard down

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.542345
Retrieved Text: AUSTRALIA'S central bank has the "flexibility" to cut interest rates if the economy falters this year and workers start losing their jobs.
But that's not a foregone conclusion, and the Reserve Bank of Australia doesn't see monetary policy shifting in the "near term", which includes the period leading up to the federal election.
While RBA Governor Philip Lowe agrees the bank's growth outlook is "not as positive" as it was last year, "the central scenario is a positive one".
"With monetary policy already providing considerable support to the Australian economy, it is appropriate to maintain the current policy setting while we assess developments," he told a federal parliamentary hearing on Friday.
"Much will depend on what happens in our labour market."
Dr Lowe notes that if the unemployment rate, which is currently at 5 per cent, declines there may be a case for a higher interest rate. He also agrees that if the national economy softens, and unemployment rises, the case for a rate cut increases.
"We have the flexibility to do this if needed. We are not on a predetermined course," Dr Lowe told the hearing in Sydney.
Financial markets are generally more bearish and some retail banks are factoring in the prospect of at least one interest rate cut this year. The RBA's key cash interest rate remains at a historic low of 1.5 per cent, where it has been since August 2016.
Westpac economists think the central bank will cut the key cash interest rate as many as two times this year by a total of 50 basis points, which would

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.166155
Retrieved Text: Charge Blade (チャージアックス Chājiakkusu) is a weapon first introduced in Monster Hunter 4. This weapon is somewhat similar to the Switch Axe, with the ability to switch between two different weapon modes: the Sword Mode and the Axe Mode.
The shield is now under a state called Element Boost, or commonly known as Red Shield.
A single Phial adds 30 seconds of duration to Element Boost, and multiple Phials can be used to charge the shield at once. While Element Boost is active, its duration can be extended by expending Phials to charge the shield.
However, do note that Element Boost's duration caps out at seconds. While in Element Boost, the Charge Blade gains stronger guarding capability.
Furthermore, any attacks blocked by the shield will trigger a phial burst that harms the attacking monster. Note the red colored shield. In Sword mode, certain attacks place the shield in front of the player during its attack animation.
In this short window, the attack has guarding capability. This guard window and the act of guarding with this guard window are collectively known as a Guard Point GP.
Dec 23, · For Monster Hunter: World on the PlayStation 4, a GameFAQs message board topic titled "How the hell do you charge the shield of the Charge Blade".Operating System: PS4, PC, XONE.
A successful GP block can be chained into various attacks. This combo can also be used to transfer phial energy to your shield to boost its defensive capabilities.
This cancels the overhead axe attack animation, instead performing a backhanded spinning sword slash.
Jan 31, · Welcome to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.919651
Retrieved Text: “Oh Crappy Day” is a romantic comedy with a psychological twist. Jared, an aspiring filmmaker, meets Katie, a charming young grad student, on a blind date, and the two of them seem perfectly matched. Jared has a problem though: an acute case of OCD, which he’s determined to hide from Katie. He succeeds for a while, until a sticky menu triggers his compulsive hand-washing, threatening the budding romance. It’s a classic love triangle — a boy, a girl, a pair of hands.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.434443
Retrieved Text: Another Water for Elephants review, this one from @FilmsActu: “Good news for fans of romantic movies, Water for Elephants respects the rules of the genre perfectly. A simple hero, a femme fatale trapped with a tyrannical husband, an impossible love… all the ingredients are there to make this new film directed by Francis Lawrence a success, especially due to its dream cast. Water for Elephants is a suprising turn for the director of Constantine and I Am Legend. The fears about his unfamiliarity with the romantic genre were understandable but in this movie he quickly proves that he has understood the expectations of his new audience.
Water for Elephants proportions perfectly the ingredients needed to make a traditional romantic movie without adding too much sweetness into the mix. However, one could be put off by the opening: an old man telling his story, narrating it as a voice-over – the opening is in fact the only bad thing about the film. Once the film takes us into the past of the hero, Jacob (Robert Pattinson) the story shifts without difficulty into a well constructed classic scenario based not only on romantic issues but also on the nomad universe in which the characters evolve. A universe that Lawrence chose to convey not through the prism of baroque fantasy or dreams but with realism, with all the social misery that the period of the Great Depression entailed. The metaphorical dimension of the train whose employees have become useless is inescapable. This is the context in which Robert Pattinson plays

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.36097
Retrieved Text: UVALDE, Texas — A newlywed couple died when the helicopter they were flying hours after their wedding crashed in the rugged terrain of southwest Texas. The 76-year-old pilot, Gerald Douglas Lawrence, was also killed. Federal transportation authorities said he was "very experienced" and it's too early to determine a cause of the accident.
William Troy Byler and Bailee Raye Ackerman Byler, both 24, were killed in the crash shortly after midnight Sunday about 10 miles northwest of Uvalde, said Steven Kennedy, justice of the peace for Uvalde County Precinct 1.
Craig Hatch, an air safety investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), said they will attempt to conduct a thorough initial examination of the wreck. However, the helicopter is located in a "precarious" spot on a side of a hill, a few miles from State Road 55, CBS affiliate KENS-TV reports.
"Because of how it's laid out on the side of the hill, we're not really able to go into the helicopter," Hatch said, adding that debris was scattered over about 100 yards.
KENS-TV points out NTSB investigators usually document and examine a crash site as much as they can before altering anything, similar to a crime scene. However, Hatch said it's almost impossible to do in a way where NTSB members don't "come tumbling down the side of the hill as well."
"We definitely saw a helicopter in a terrible state," said Rachel Kellner, a Texas Game Warden. Kellner was one of the first responders on the scene and said there was little they could do without any daylight.
The

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.892258
Retrieved Text: While Weddingventure.com offers everything you need to make your wedding day special and unique, there are still a few touches that can enhance your special day ##White doves have long been a symbol of purity and love. During a wedding ceremony, the bride is given a dove as a symbol of her love for her new husband. She releases it into freedom to symbolize the freedom she is giving her husband. Regardless of his goals, she will always support him. A white dove is also given to the groom as a symbol of their love. It is his pledge of fidelity and a lifetime of love. Wherever he may go, he will always return to his beloved. ##One of the most frustrating details in planning your wedding day is keeping track of RSVP cards and invitees who have not responded. This can become extremely time-consuming. Let an RSVP agency handle this particular headache. They will put together the envelope package and receive the RSVPs as they come in. They will place reminder calls and handle any “plus 1” questions instead of putting you in the uncomfortable position of telling your cousin she can’t bring her boyfriend. The agency will provide you with a running tally of all responses and non-responses. This same system can also be used to keep track of your thank you cards. It’s just one less thing for you to worry about. ##Morph into a real-life Cinderella for the day with a horse-drawn carriage. Arriving or leaving your wedding ceremony in a specially

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.851538
Retrieved Text: Legendary filmmaker, Terrence Malick deserves to win the Oscar for "best director." He has made some of the best films ever made in Hollywood.
This is one of Woody's best films. It's what he dreamed about all his life of becoming, but never did -- a romantic hero. Owen Wilson played the role of a lifetime as Woody. He should have really been nominated.
An incredible movie; the best movie I saw about silent filmmaking. It's really about the visual language, in a most dramatic fashion. This is a must see movie for every aspiring filmmaker.
Typical gesture that the paparazzi love. It was a very slow movie; I couldn't bring myself to watch it.
A 3D movie for kids. I don't know why he was nominated.
This is Brad Pitt's best performance as an actor. It's lucky that he gave it in the best film on baseball I have ever seen. It will be a travesty of justice not to give him the Oscar.
He looked like the classical Hollywood star of the 40s & 50s. Greet performance.
Lackluster performance. I don't know why they nominated him.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.691338
Retrieved Text: Finally giving this one a fair shot.
After borrowing this book from the library more than once (three times to be exact, this will be the fourth time I checked out this book), I am finally sitting down with this one. I probably should have given up after the second time checking it out, but really, I just couldn’t let go of it. The teaser on the back cover was just too hard to resist. Eventually, maybe, continued to morph into a must-read.
Okay, I know that’s your typical storyline, but it’s one that always grabs my attention.
So here I go. Taking the plunge. Let’s hope this world is a magical and intriguing one!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.28318
Retrieved Text: Mike Wheeler could do better.
He just didn’t know who.
That kind of au where the date you meet your soulmate is imprinted on your wrist.
That kind of soulmate au that nobody asked for, but didn’t know they needed.
I feel like, in most byler fan fictions, Mike is the always one comforting Will and his insecurities. So, I guess I switched it up a bit.
While stumbling home from a party one night, 16 year old Will Byers runs into some trouble he can’t get out of when he witnesses a gang murder a man in an alley.
When they realise Will saw everything, There is clearly trouble ahead.
However, everything that happens on the next few weeks, Will never expected to fall in love with the Gangleader, Mike Wheeler.
Ever since Will Byers came out to him, Mike Wheeler has been pining after his best friend. But, Mike won't let his feelings be known to anyone, least of all to Will. Things come to a head when Will gets a boyfriend and takes him to prom.
Prince Edward, is due to marry Princess Myra in order to help secure his kingdom financially. In a last ditch effort to be free and fulfil a lifelong dream of travelling the world, he sneaks out of his window and on board a pirate ship. Captain Richie Tozier’s pirate ship.
Will can see the red string that connects him and Mike. His heart breaks as he watches his soulmate fall more and more for someone else.
(I'm kinda bad at summaries) Set a year or so after the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.022781
Retrieved Text: Yoshiwara - France in the United States / Embassy of France in Washington, D.C.
This event is organized by La Maison Française – 4101 Reservoir Rd, NW - Washington, D.C. - 20007.
An intriguing example of France’s fascination with Japanese culture in the early 20th century, Max Ophuls’ Yoshiwara is the story of a love triangle between a geisha, a Russian military officer and a family servant.
Considered something of a curiosity in the oeuvre of French filmmaker Max Ophuls, Yoshiwara is the story of a love triangle between a geisha, a Russian military officer and a family servant. An intriguing example of France’s fascination with Japanese culture in the early 20th century—which also led to a craze for Utamaro’s work—this rarely screened classic also features the romantic themes and visual splendor of Ophuls’ better-known works.
This screening by the Cultural Services of the French Embassy in the United States in partnership with the Freer and Sackler Galleries is made possible through the generous support from TV5 Monde and the French-American Cultural Foundation.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.729828
Retrieved Text: Personal computers are without a doubt one of the most important innovations in human history. You can do just about anything with a laptop... just as long as whatever you're doing doesn't require any more subtle control than what the simple mouse or touchpad can provide.
For projects that necessitate a defter touch, you're going to need a separate peripheral. Stepping in to fill the void is the Sensel Morph, an iPad-esque controller that will ​elevate all of your creative digital endeavors.
The Morph is a tablet-sized, pressure sensitive, multi-functional device that uses touch to control your most important programs. Each pad has 20,000 sensor elements, which are used to detect the full range of force you can apply to it. Using customizable overlays, you can do just about anything--from painting and drawing to advanced design and music composition.
Just about any creative task can be accomplished with the Morph, and as its name infers, it can be customized to stretch its abilities even further. Right now, Sensel is hosting a contest to create a new overlay, crowdsourcing innovation for a controller that will doubtlessly depend on user ingenuity to thrive. You can hook it up to any computer via microUSB, tablets via Bluetooth, and Arduino devices for you really savvy technophiles via Dev. Cable.
The Sensel Morph just hit Kickstarter, which gives you a great chance to jump on it early. Don't wait too long--the campaign blew past its $60,000 goal within hours of its release, and its early bird pricing option is already all claimed. Pledge $250 and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.717463
Retrieved Text: canadian | A new chapter of Lisa Anita Wegner's storytelling.
Since Nuit Blanche on October 4th 2014, artist Lisa Anita Wegner has been performing as Thin Blank Human with her face and body completely covered in a white spandex suit. She talks about the surprising experiences of her audience interactions these last weeks as she talks to Fritz Snitz.
In the weeks leading up to Lisa’s third and last Nuit Blanche installation TRIANGLE: Ascension into Another Golden Age, Lisa discovered bending light with mirror film, a practise she calls Light Painting. Her mind was blown open so wide from this discovery she never recovered. In the days leading up to the event Lisa was not able to decide on an outfit for Mama Dada/ Space Guide. Several days before Nuit Blanche it all came together when Lisa found a white spandex morph suit and she never looked back.The Thin Blank Human came to life.
Q: On the eve of your Performance/ Projection/ Sculpture installation TRIANGLE: Ascension into Another Golden Age you were interviewed by local news and walked once to The Black Cat as The Think Blank Human, with only a headset and GoPro camera her your head. Tell us about that.
A: My outfit really wasn’t coming together, and when I saw the morph suit I felt like I’d found it and I decided to put my original Space Guide outfit on a mannequin and be The Space Guide’s Soul. This also felt right for the light painting that I was excited to do. I decided I was the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.649002
Retrieved Text: We are not a gluten free home but the 8 year old daughter of a dear friend has the distinction of being only child in my cooking class that has the distinction of being severely gluten intolerant. So it was with some out of the box thinking that allowed me to co-op my Pesach chocolate chip cookie dough and morph it into hammentashen. Ok, not exactly your traditional “filled” hammentashen but rather a very nice alternative for those needing a doppelganger.
I don’t recommend brands I don’t use my myself so have to say since trying the Pereg® Almond Meal Flour (and the Coconut Flour) I’m really hard pressed to use this recipe just for Pesach. The texture and flavor are deliciously subtle and since the flours are non GMO and Vegan they kinda work for every recipe when I need to have a substitution. The flours are available at your local kosher grocery or on line at www.pereg.com. There are, of course other brands of these flours available BUT none that I know of are kosher for Passover too.
This is a COOKIE hammentashen recipe rather than a folded and pressed one and really simple to create. You will need to spend a little extra time shaping it while it cooks but the extra time is so worth so that everyone gluten free or not can enjoy the fun.
NOTE: Amazing served warm with ice cream.
Preheat oven to 350. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper. In the bowl of an electric mixer or food processor combine the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.558033
Retrieved Text: The Promise wastes an outstanding cast and powerful real-life story on a love triangle that frustratingly fails to engage.
Empires fall, love survives. When Michael (Oscar Isaac), a brilliant medical student, meets Ana (Charlotte Le Bon), their shared Armenian heritage sparks an attraction that explodes into a romantic rivalry between Michael and Ana's boyfriend Chris (Christian Bale), a famous American photojournalist dedicated to exposing political truth. As the Ottoman Empire crumbles into war-torn chaos, their conflicting passions must be deferred while they join forces to get their people to safety and survive themselves. The Promise is directed by Academy Award winning filmmaker Terry George.
Terry George ... proved with Hotel Rwanda that he can tackle the wrenching subject of genocide with thrilling cinematic results. A wonderful cast adds no-fail polish.
It's a handsome film and George manages to keep the genocide in focus with shots of the Turks herding long lines of refugees across the desert expanses. But the full horror is kept at one remove.
The sets look phoney. The relentlessly sun-dappled skies are naff. The "action" lacks momentum and Tom Hollander's eyeliner is mad.
A terrible event very few are taught about, absorbingly retold.
A sprawling, '60s-style epic with just enough political intrigue to prop up the occasionally wobbly romantic triangle formed by Oscar Isaac, Charlotte Le Bon, and an uncharacteristically ill-fitting Christian Bale.
An impressive amount of access - and diligence - sets this true crime documentary apart from others.
While quite epic in scope, The Promise never reaches such lofty heights, faltering between a passionate love story, which often fails

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.55699
Retrieved Text: Save Yourself was inspired by a love for Tofino, British Columbia and a desire to make a romantic comedy about surfing. Created through the Telus Storyhive initiative, Save Yourself stars Michelle Morgan (Heartland), Travis Milne (Rookie Blue), Sergio Osuna (The Magicians) and Fiona Vroom (Snowpiercer).
Medano Films' debut film, "Mi Madre, My Father", directed by Michelle Morgan was selected by Telefilm Canada for the curated Not Short on Talent at Cannes initiative this 2018 season. Upcoming projects include the romantic comedy "Save Yourself" set in Tofino, British Columbia.
MEDANO FILMS FOCUSES ON STORIES WITH RELEVANT, TIMELY MESSAGES, AND STRONG FEMALE VOICES. WE AIM TO TELL STORIES THAT CONNECT PEOPLE THROUGH OUR COMMON IMPERFECTIONS AND INSPIRE EMPATHY, LAUGHTER AND A SHARED HUMAN EXPERIENCE. WE ARE CURRENT BUT ANCHORED IN TIMELESS HUMAN TRUTHS.
Facing neglect and abuse at home, six year old Valentina relies on her street smarts and a compassionate neighbour to survive. MI MADRE, MY FATHER was selected by Telefilm Canada for the Not Short On Talent Corner at Cannes Film Festival this past May 2018.
A women tries to reconnect with her ex by taking a surf lesson, but ends up learning how to move on in life instead. SAVE YOURSELF received funding through the Telus creative initiative, STORYHIVE.
Medano Films was founded in 2018 by actor and filmmaker Michelle Morgan. Michelle is best known for her leading role in CBC's hit drama "Heartland". MI MADRE, MY FATHER is Michelle's directorial debut. She is currently completing her second short film, SAVE YOURSELF, a romantic comedy about surfing and self-discovery. SAVE

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.221489
Retrieved Text: It looks as if the box office success of Four Christmases has opened countless doors for The King of Kong filmmaker Seth Gordon. In addition to directing a feature version of his own King of Kong, Gordon is also set to direct The Only Living Boy in New York and Suicide Squad. Add to that list a project called Mr. Romance, based on the real life annual competition where attractive men compete to see who has the highest "romantic IQ." Jeff Roda, of the upcoming Siege of Fulton Avenue, will write the screenplay. The story is actually based on an article that Joshuah Bearman was commissioned to write for GQ magazine.
The film's story will follow a cynical guy who is forced to enter the Mr. Romance competition to win back the love of his life. Doesn't sound too original to me. "Romance novels sell 50% of all books, and there is a convention where guys submit themselves to physical and psychological tests to determine their romantic IQ," Gordon said of the event. New Regency is developing the project but doesn't have a start date. It's likely it'll take a few years to actually come together, given the script hasn't even been written yet. Please tell me Gordon isn't going to become the typical go-to man for unoriginal romantic comedies like this?!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.066078
Retrieved Text: A middle-aged disc jockey becomes romantically entangled with a pair of sisters in this quirky Australian comedy. Vicki-Ann Hurley (Rebecca Frith) and her younger sister Dimity (Miranda Otto) are both feeling stagnant in the tiny outback town of Sunray, and they welcome the distraction provided by the arrival of Ken Sherry (George Shevtsov), a formerly popular radio personality fallen on hard times. Despite his present circumstance, the burnt-out Sherry retains an aura of faded prestige that attracts both sisters. Vicki-Ann sets out to seduce the disc jockey, but it is Dimity who first draws Sherry's attention, setting the stage for a conflict between the sisters. First-time filmmaker Shirley Barrett plays this conflict not for romantic melodrama but for comedy, focusing on how Vicki-Ann and Dimity adapt to their experiences with the mysterious Sherry, whose enigmatic demeanor may hide a deeper secret. Barrett plays out this triangle against a detailed portrait of a failing town, emphasizing the distinctive local color and oddball characters in a manner that should appeal most to those with a taste for the unusual.
A quirky film that lances the mythology of romantic love.
One of my absolute all time favourite Australian films. Absolutely perfect and so funny. I love Miranda Otto as Dimity here. So awkward and really relatable and believable. (to me, anyhow. Probably best I don't think too hard about how I can relate to that character!). All the characters here are just spot on - sleazy Ken Sherry the DJ and Vicki Anne, Dimity's neurotic sister. Really funny movie. Love it.
It's

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.051258
Retrieved Text: Did you blow way too much money during the holidays?
Although he now splits his time between Winnipeg and Montreal, filmmaker Ryan McKenna’s heart is in Winnipeg.
There are plenty of solo projects with band names that morph into full bands, but few, with the exception of maybe Bright Eyes, rock a pluralised moniker.
You’ve survived the Mayan apocalypse, but can you handle a live Zrada show?
In 2012 there is an additional increase in transit fares of $0.05.
As CentreVenture continues to negotiate the terms of its pending purchase of the Carlton Inn, critics worry side effects of the developer’s recent downtown hotel acquisitions are not being figured into its broader strategy.
“I love living on Broadway,” Khris Lister says from the warmth of one of the avenue’s coffee shops.
Mayor Sam Katz is accused of violating the Municipal Council Conflict of Interest Act (MCCIA) in 2010 when he threw a Christmas party at Hu’s Asian Bistro, a restaurant he owned at the time.
Yet another horrific shooting, leading to the deaths of so many children in Connecticut, has highlighted the need for gun control.
If you want to make 2013 your healthiest year ever, A.J. Jacobs has some advice for you: Stop sitting.
The United Way Winnipeg has launched a new program encouraging Winnipeggers to experience poverty through a simulation.
Don’t panic. That’s what James Lyons wants anyone who finds bed bugs in their home to know.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.91498
Retrieved Text: Jerry moved to the Triangle Area in 1995 from New York and Wisconsin, and has been a real estate broker since 2004. He has experience with rental property ownership, being a landlord, handyman/rehab'ing and of course helping buyers and sellers with residential sales and some commercial sales too. Jerry is internet and email savvy and ready to work with you! His family loves the Triangle Area and you will too!
In 2013, Jerry received the Executive Club award. His degree is a BS in Mechanical Engineering, with experience in Manufacturing and Plant Management as past work. The Children’s Miracle Network, Habitat for Humanity, Red Cross Blood Donor, and Furniture Ministry as a couple of his civic activities. When he is not selling real estate, Jerry enjoys time with his family and friends and projects of all types.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.868708
Retrieved Text: Scott Byler is the owner of Delight Valley Farms and Saginaw Vineyards, which he runs with his family. The farm is located in Saginaw, right off the Interstate-5 exit.
In the age of corporate farming, Scott Byler said Delight Valley Farms and Saginaw Vineyards is one example of how a small family farm and vineyard can still be profitable. The farm has a total of 36.5 acres, and from U-Pick berries and raising lambs to establishing a winery - Byler has his hands in almost everything.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.81201
Retrieved Text: From the makers of Wallace & Gromit comes Morph, the loveable plasticine character. Morph has a big imagination and can change into any shape he likes, from dogs and donkeys to chairs and teddy bears.
Morph and Chas are watching the football and Morph’s team are losing! Can he help them get back in the game?
Morph and his assistant Chas perform a difficult magic trick that leaves Morph in a muddle.
When greedy Chas scoffs all the iced buns, Morph decides it’s time to teach him a lesson. All he needs is a portable hole . . .
Morph and Chas are playing with a camera but they can’t seem to get that perfect shot.
Morph finds a lottery ticket and decides to play a prank on Chas. But could Chas really have the winning ticket?
While Morph sleeps, Chas sets to work on a hilarious trick to turn Morph’s world upside down with a bit of sticky tack.
The desk is a mess and Morph’s had enough. It’s time to clear up! Chas is pretty bad at cleaning – until he finds an ingenious way to speed up the process.
Morph’s got a terrible case of the hiccups and it’s up to Chas to help him find a cure.
Chas has built an impressive railway track but he won’t let Morph have a go on the train, so Morph comes up with a crafty plan to get him back.
Morph plays a game of fetch with Nailbrush . . . with some very surprising results!
Morph’s comedy show is a real hit, but when Chas

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.740232
Retrieved Text: As someone whose life has been touched intimately by suicide, I must confess that I always get a nervous when a filmmaker sends me a film about the subject of suicide whether that film is intended as a comedy or a drama. However, having witnessed Chicago filmmaker Justin Leyba's two previous shorts, The Old Man and the Lion and Finding Johnny, I started off my journey with this film, Dissolve, with at least a bit of an open mind.
The story itself is simple. A teenager (Aidan Keeble) is trying to commit suicide, but before he can actually put the attempt into motion he keeps getting interrupted by his roommates and their own personal dramas. Intended as and successful as a dark comedy with an open heart, Dissolve just had its debut at the CineYouth Film Festival where it started off its festival journey with a win. Leyba created the film as part of his studies at Chicago's Columbia College and there's no question that it's a film that shows Leyba's growing promise as a filmmaker willing and able to tackle challenging subjects.
As the teenager in question, Aidan Keeble wisely doesn't over-emote given the confines of the film's just over five-minute running time. Instead, he gives his character a sort of exasperated quality that fits nicely with the interruptions he faces in the film including one friend (Topher Loos) who's wondering if the girl he's just met is really, really interested and another friend (Nico Johnson) grieving the death of his dog.
As has been consistently true for

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.724127
Retrieved Text: Posted 1 year ago by stardust.
'Cause i celebrate my fav friendship Credits to the owners of each scene. Song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=du8iQQ0zoRc.
once again, sorry for the ugly quality. and yes, i made this on my phone so sorry if some things are glitchy. -hope you enjoy!
blyer idk if I ship it ? Hope you like the edit Instagram @weird_wolfhard.
This paragraph hopeless-mileven-byler is totally about hopeless-mileven-byler. Related Videos for hopeless-mileven-byler - You have look for videos hopeless-mileven-byler especially. Most relevant thousands videos Results according to your search hopeless-mileven-byler videos are available on these pages. Perfect Results of hopeless-mileven-byler Videos and Clips.Convert MP3 audio ,MP4 video hopeless-mileven-byler Free with AnyFormat convertor. View and Download hopeless-mileven-byler with HD format Video. repeat a paragraph again please read carefully hopeless-mileven-byler real topic. Related Videos for hopeless-mileven-byler - You have look for videos hopeless-mileven-byler especially. Most relevant thousands videos Results according to your search hopeless-mileven-byler videos are available on these pages. Perfect Results of hopeless-mileven-byler Videos and Clips.Convert MP3 audio ,MP4 video hopeless-mileven-byler Free with AnyFormat convertor. View and Download hopeless-mileven-byler with HD format Video.
Many of people search Related Videos for hopeless-mileven-byler - You have look for videos hopeless-mileven-byler especially. Most relevant thousands videos Results according to your search hopeless-mileven-byler videos are available on these pages. Perfect Results of hopeless-mileven-byler Videos and Clips.Convert MP3 audio ,MP4 video hopeless-mileven-byler Free with AnyFormat convertor. View and Download hopeless-mileven-byler with HD format Video. videos, some internet user want to listien music related Related Videos for hopeless-mileven-byler - You have look for videos hopeless-mileven-byler especially. Most relevant thousands

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.588531
Retrieved Text: Or in other words, how does a nobody get their movie in theaters or on Netflix or into stores? In fundraising, the most typical question seems to have been: “Do you have distribution?” And in fact, when I first embarked on this journey, that was the biggest obstacle in my own mind—getting it seen. Little did I know that was the least of my worries.
Too many great ideas—the filmmaker has so many great stories in his head, he just can’t settle on one long enough to write a script. These movies die young.
The script never gets finished—the filmmaker realizes the entire script needs to be re-written, and the task is so daunting she throws down her scalpel and leaves the patient dying on the table.
The money runs out—the rich uncle’s blood type is actually not O-negative (universal), meaning he just doesn’t invest in ‘anything,’ and the filmmaker himself only gets $60 a pint when he donates.
“Dammit Jim, I’m a pizza delivery guy, not a physician!!!” The filmmaker looks down at her instruments and her patient and is struck by a sudden fear—what am I doing here?? She is convinced (by herself or others) that her lack of training or talent will only lead the project to disaster!
The man behind the doctor’s mask—the filmmaker is actually a charlatan who has no idea what he’s doing (which in and of itself is not a true reason for failure), and is too dumb or lacks the integrity to fess up. The fair promises and blustering used to get people

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.244041
Retrieved Text: Sleeping Beauty (Australia, dir. Julia Leigh) - Astounding control of image, color, pace. Tensions grip, enigmas fascinate. Brisseau + Bu�uel + Barney � Breillat.
Melancholia (Denmark/Sweden, dir. Lars von Trier) - Last Days at Marienbad. Is doom a simile for depression, or disconsolate wedding a metaphor for denying imminent doom?
Drive (USA, dir. Nicolas Winding Refn) - Python coiled around a gator. Lithe muscle. Violence as potential energy. Magnificent, though awe packs chaser of distaste.
The Artist (France, dir. Michel Hazanavicius) - An enchantment, so witty and warm in first half. Settles for just warmth in second, but I'd see it twice. Wiss plezhur.
The Kid with a Bike (Belgium, dirs. Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne) - Taut, economical as ever. Strong kid's eye view. Thinner around adults, but Rongione great foil for de France.
Hanezu (Japan, dir. Naomi Kawase) - Despite repetitive and self-serious passages, the delicate, mythopoeic approach to a romantic-triangle narrative engaged me.
Footnote (Israel, dir. Joseph Cedar) - Cedar's shallow, flamboyant direction tends to dull what's nervy and rich in his script. Strong actors. Strangling score.
We Need To Talk About Kevin (UK, dir. Lynne Ramsay) - Early formal rigors must buoy increasingly puerile conceptions. Ends up 30% Ramsay, 70% Sam Mendes.
This Must Be the Place (Italy/USA, dir. Paolo Sorrentino) - Euro Americana in Don't Come Knocking vein, but more winningly idiosyncratic. Uneven, but out on fun limb.
Le Havre (Finland/France, dir. Aki Kaurismäki) - Way too "Hipster Darling takes a walk on The Blind Side" for me. An overpraised, openly laurel-seeking divertissement.
Elena (Un Certain Regard: Russia, dir. Andrei Zvyagintsev) -

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.199293
Retrieved Text: After being diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, twenty-five-year-old Jill Corrigan takes herself off the romantic market. Not wanting to become a burden to a potential partner, she focuses on her career as an actress instead. On the set of a disaster movie, she meets stunt woman Kristine “Crash” Patterson, whose easy smile instantly makes Jill wish things were different.
Meanwhile, Crash is trained to fall, but she didn’t count on falling in love. Despite their growing feelings for each other, Jill resolves to let Crash into her bed, but not her heart. As they start to play with fire on and off camera, will they really be able to keep things just physical?
Just Physical is part of the Hollywood series but can be read and enjoyed on its own too.
Great characters, great romance. I loved everything about this book.
The romance is there, the characters are fantastic, and the story evolves in way that holds your attention to the very last page. Jae hit a home run with Just Physical.
Her books are always high on my must have pile, and constantly on the re-read list.
In true Jae’s fashion, this story is a fun, captivating, smartly written story.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.144142
Retrieved Text: One thing M.anifest does and does well is telling engaging stories,not just with his words but with his visuals too. No surprise then that he teamed up with Garth Von Glehn who had also directed his music video for ‘No Shortcut to Heaven’ featuring Ghanaian hip hop legend Obrafour.
Von Glehn is a New York based Director & Director of Photography for FILM FAM and also a part time lecturer with a number of awards and nominations to his name including a Best Short Film nomination for Shebeen Queen at the Durban International Film Festival. Thus, he brings a cinematic feel to this video.
Shot in Brooklyn NY, M.anifest plays a filmmaker with a keen interest in exploring the emotional complexities of love and art. The story takes a non linear look at the typical up and downs of relationships as Von Glehn weaves through cuts of the loved up couple taking a walk down the brownstones of Brooklyn to a frustrated couple in the throes of an argument.
At one point we see the female lead (Model Aubé Linda) put on a beautiful performance of a heartbroken woman sobbing on the stairs of their stylish vintage home after a particularly intense fight. Linda holds her own throughout the video beside M.anifest.
repeatedly shoves M.anifest), stylistically shot with slow and fast motion effects – this is a visual effect that further connotes the unstable nature of romantic relationships as the lyrics of ‘Mind Games’ depicts.
I am very impressed by this video; M.anifest will hopefully continue to create thought provoking and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.12147
Retrieved Text: From weaponry to mutiny, friends. Welcome to week 28.
Manners & Mutiny is the final installment in the Finishing School series, following Sophronia Temminnick's four years in a finishing and espionage training school. In Sophronia's final year, all of her training is put to the test when the full scale of the Picklemen's plotting with mechanicals is revealed.
It is the last book in the series, and was a fabulous gift to receive from my sisters for my birthday last year.
Side note: Now that we are out of borrowed territory, I feel like maybe this section can be eliminated? Let me know.
It was a series end fit for the Parasol Protectorate universe, that is for sure. The twists and turns made this one difficult to put down for even a few seconds before the afterword. If Sophronia was coming into her own in Waistcoats & Weaponry, she thoroughly proved herself as a master of espionage by the end. Getting caught in her attempt (with best friend Dimity) to break into the Records room in the first half of the novel is a reminder that even the best spy can't always stay out of trouble, and that their teachers do have experience with what they are teaching their students.
Also a fitting end? The fate of the dirigible home to Mademoiselle Geraldine's Finishing Academy for Young Ladies of Quality. The Picklemen intended to use it as part of their dastardly plot, instead it crashes and burns in the middle of London.
As if the students and staff of a finishing and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.99202
Retrieved Text: How to Fix Mobility & Mechanical Problems 1 – Thoracic Spine Positioning If your spine falls into a forward flexed position, it doesn't matter how great your shoulder mobility is, you're still at risk of shoulder issues.... Getting prepared to pass Selection into Special Operations is a long, and difficult process. As the summer months begin to slowly morph into fall, many of We recently received a message about issues one prospective candidate was having. He said he was having pain in both of his shoulders .
How to Fix Mobility & Mechanical Problems 1 – Thoracic Spine Positioning If your spine falls into a forward flexed position, it doesn't matter how great your shoulder mobility is, you're still at risk of shoulder issues.... This shoulder issue became ongoing. I was able stave it off for the most part in my competitive years, but it has come up occasionally as an adult. I was able stave it off for the most part in my competitive years, but it has come up occasionally as an adult.
Introduction Nagging shoulder pain is far too common for the overhead athlete, and unfortunately the corrective strategies often implemented are only temporary fixes to the bigger problem.... Fix the source of the problem and the results of the problem can heal without surgery. Instead of being forced into reduced health and activity, you can do more and have a fun active life. Instead of being forced into reduced health and activity, you can do more and have a fun active life.
Getting prepared to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.947863
Retrieved Text: This modelling, morphing synthesiser makes its intriguing new technology easy to use - perhaps too easy, in fact - sounds great and comes in at a very agreeable price.
Intuitive interface. New and interesting synthesis technique. Good presets with more available.
Can't create tone colours. Parameters are almost too basic. Lacking in the modulation department.
For all our kvetching over the years about the constant stream of predictable emulative synthesisers making it to market, we're very happy to be able to say that the road less taken has actually seemed a little crowded of late, with the arrival of interesting and unusual instruments like Humanoid Sound Systems' Enzyme and Madrona Labs' Kaivo. New German developer Eisenberg has joined the unorthodox caravan with its new cross-platform synth, Einklang (VST/AU/RTAS/AAX/standalone).
"The idea is that complex functions can be manipulated using a handful of simple, intuitive and musical parameters"
Einklang is built on the company's proprietary AIST, which stands for Artificial Intelligence Studio Technology. The idea is that complex functions can be manipulated using a handful of simple, intuitive and musical parameters.
Based on spectral models, Einklang's behaviour closely resembles that of an additive resynthesiser - and, indeed, there is additive synthesis at its core, though here the developer has employed its AI algorithms to govern and control the vast number of parameters involved, creating a sort of giant 'macro'.
The interface centres on a trio of 'tone colours', placed at corners of a 'Morph Triangle'. Out of the box, there are 152 tone colours from which to choose, including basics like pulse and sawtooth waves,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.905975
Retrieved Text: PM Narendra Modi hosted Diwali Milan for NDA MPs, he said "Let us think far. Let us think big. Let us think above politics to chart a new course for the country".
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has extended greetings to all Indians on the occasion of Diwali.
The "Lovely" song from the "Happy New Year" movie released today. This video is featuring 'Deepika Padukone' and is the third song of the Movie release after 'Indiawaale' and 'Manwa Laage'.
Shillong, April 22 (IANS) Corporate honcho-turned-filmmaker Chinmoy Sarmah is making "Shillong" with Arfi Lamba, who acted in the Oscar-winning movie "Slumdog Millionaire". He says the aim is to tell Bollywood to explore the capital of Meghalaya instead of going to the West.
New Delhi, April 10 (IANS) Romantic drama "Son Of Sardaar", which features Ajay Devgn and Sanjay Dutt in the lead roles, will release on Diwali, Nov 13.
New Delhi, April 2 (IANS) Dust in the Delhi skies in March brought the air quality down to the worst levels in the last one year and the increase in total pollution was as high as that caused by Diwali fireworks, says a study.
New Delhi, March 28 (IANS) The government Wednesday told the Delhi High Court that two security personnel were suspended and an inquiry initiated against them for allegedly allowing Nitish Katara murder convict Vikas Yadav leave his hospital room on the Diwali night last year.
New Delhi, March 23 (IANS) Taking serious note of allegations that Nitish Katara murder convict Vikas Yadav, who visited AIIMS for treatment, left the hospital

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.139706
Retrieved Text: Mario, a soap opera writer in his forties, never imagined that his utterly uninteresting routine would be turned on its head by Karla, his teenage daughter’s friend. The result is a triangle of conflicting but highly eroticized tension as perversity, jealousy, and power become intertwined. Torres delves deftly into the mysteries of passion and immerses the reader in an enigmatic and unpredictable journey reflecting what it means to be human.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.502565
Retrieved Text: A SMIDGEON of Dickens. A dollop of soap opera. Put it all in cyberspace and what do you get? An offering from the New York Times that melds advertising and literature on-line.
It's called ``Parallel Lives'' - three separate stories, to debut in March, that will be updated each week in the Time's electronic service featured on America Online.
Each week, users of the service, called @times, will be able to find out the latest of what's happening to the characters of ``Urban Studies'' (a look at several New Yorkers), ``One Point Seven'' (a middle-class black family that lives in Los Angeles), and ``A Boy and His Dog'' (a single mother who raises her family in a small Pennsylvania town). Each work comes with its own on-line illustrations. Nearby, the sponsor will post messages.
If this sounds familiar, it is. For decades, publishers have released works of fiction chapter by chapter to keep readers coming back for more.
``We've had a lot of well-known writers whose work has been serialized,'' says Betty Winfield, a specialist in mass-media history at the University of Missouri at Columbia. Charles Dickens, Edgar Allen Poe, and Mark Twain all used the technique.
In 1932, the American conglomerate Procter &amp; Gamble Company updated the idea by sponsoring the first radio soap opera. Serialized fiction melded with advertising - a concept that TV later picked up with great success.
New York-based RJR Nabisco Inc., is backing a three-month trial of the series.
``It's not advertising, it's promotion,'' says Mark Gauthier, president of a New York marketing-communications company and author of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.285515
Retrieved Text: Of Homer's two epic poems, the Odyssey has always been more popular than the Iliad, perhaps because it includes more features of mythology that are accessible to readers. Its subject (to use Maynard Mack's categories) is "life-as-spectacle," for readers, diverted by its various incidents, observe its hero Odysseus primarily from without; the tragic Iliad, however, presents "life-experience": readers are asked to identify with the mind of Achilles, whose motivations render him a not particularly likable hero. In addition, the Iliad, more than the Odyssey, suggests the complexity of the gods' involvement in human actions, and to the extent that modern readers find this complexity a needless complication, the Iliad is less satisfying than the Odyssey, with its simpler scheme of divine justice. Finally, since the Iliad presents a historically verifiable action, Troy's siege, the poem raises historical questions that are absent from the Odyssey's blithely imaginative world.
2. The author suggests that the variety of incidents in the Odyssey is likely to deter the reader from.
(E) accepting Maynard Mack's theory that the poem's subject is "life-as-spectacle"
4. It can be inferred from the passage that a reader of the Iliad is likely to have trouble identifying with the poem's hero for which of the following reasons?
(A) The hero is eventually revealed to be unheroic.
(B) The hero can be observed by the reader only from without.
(C) The hero's psychology is not historically verifiable.
(D) The hero's emotions often do not seem appealing to the reader.
Originally posted by carcass on 09 Mar 2019, 04:56.
Last edited by SajjadAhmad on 21 Mar 2019,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.581987
Retrieved Text: We were fortunate to have Andrei Baltakmens visit the blog November 2, 2012, to talk about his Dickensian mystery novel The Raven's Seal, about a nobleman unjustly imprisoned for a murder he did not commit and the slum girl who helps him try to track down the real killer. Welcome, Andrei!
What sparked your interest in eighteenth-century prisons?
I was thinking about The Raven’s Seal for a long time before I began writing. The book really started with the idea of a young gentleman unjustly imprisoned and forced to rise through the prison to make his escape. This was partly suggested to me by Casanova’s imprisonment in and escape from “The Leads,” the cells of the Doge’s palace in Venice. I was also fascinated by Piranesi’s extraordinary series of etchings, Carceri d'Invenzione (Prisons of the Imagination). So the mystery story and main characters came before the setting. When I began to research prisons more closely, it was clear that the chaotic, unregulated eighteenth-century prison would be a much more productive setting than the regimented “reformed” prisons of the Victorian period.
Is Bellstrom Gaol based on or inspired by a real eighteenth-century prison?
The Bellstrom combines a lot of elements of different prisons across a substantial and turbulent period. I selectively used several elements of the eighteenth-century prison experience—and overlooked a few others (such as transportation) in favor of a consistent story. My main inspirations were London’s notorious Newgate Prison (also the setting for John Gay’s The Beggar’s Opera) and the Marshalsea, the debtors’ prison which Dickens described in Little Dorrit.
Your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.765202
Retrieved Text: AN ICE EPIDEMIC? By James A Pitts, Chief Executive Officer, Odyssey House McGrath Foundation There is no doubt ice (crystal methamphetamine) poses a serious problem. Misuse of any amphetamine-type.
Odyssey House 2014 Annual Report Please follow link to view the 2014 Odyssey House Annual Report.
“I was the eldest of three children in a privileged Sydney home with housekeepers, private schools and travel. My father was well regarded in the community, sitting on Rotary.
Real Men Cook for Odyssey is always one of the most anticipated events on the Odyssey House calendar. This year’s sell-out event was held at the renowned.
New patron For many years Odyssey House was fortunate and honoured to have Governor of NSW, Dame Marie Bashir, as our patron. Her support for Odyssey House and her.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.560328
Retrieved Text: Upon returning home from her trip, the people of Odyssey are careful not to upset Connie by bringing up Mitch, while Jared decides he should try and help her through her trouble.
"Connie Comes Back to Town"
I assume there's plenty of Adventures in Odyssey fans out there who are just as sick and tired of the Mitch/Connie storyline as I am. Unlike Eugene and Katrina, who have wonderful chemistry and who's relationship has set the stage for some amazing episodes, Mitch and Connie's relationship can be summed up in one word: Nauseating. Eugene and Katrina took eight years to finally tie the knot... EIGHT! Can you imagine listening to Connie and Mitch spit out 'romantic' (and I use the term lightly) dialogue for nearly a decade? Connie Kendall was a wonderfully charming and lovable character for much of the show's first fourteen years. Now that she's growing up, her character's development and reputation has been severely tarnished by a gag-inducing story arc. I'm sick of her acting like a baby when Mitch is around, I'm tired of her whining, and I'm fed up with the dialogue we've been forced to stomach for the past two years. It's not Connie (the way she acted in "First Love" proves this... she was far more mature), and it's not good for Odyssey.
Or, at least it wasn't. "Something Blue II" signaled the end of a forgettable era: Connie and Mitch decided to part ways. And with that, fans of the show opposed to their relationship can breath a collective sigh of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.386284
Retrieved Text: - You've got to realize that any lady on a soap is devoting her life to it, 24/7.
- What is elegance? Soap and water!
- It's a great counter to doing the soap because it's a comedy. It's real physical comedy.
- There's something wrong with a mother who washes out a measuring cup with soap and water after she's only measured water in it.
- Ironically, that was quite a bit of the appeal of Rumours. It's equally interesting on a musical level and as a soap opera.
- To be able to make a good living in a challenging medium like soap operas is great. The best is that I get to act and am rewarded for it. And the people I work with are great. Funny, intelligent, hard working. They're all great to be around.
- I have the absolute utmost respect for soap opera actors now. They work harder than any actor I know in any other medium. And they don't get very much approbation for it.
- 'Gone With The Wind' is one of the all-time greats. Read Margaret Mitchell's book and watch the film again; it's a soap opera in all its glory. It is superb and memorable.
- On her baby: He's 16 months old and he eats soap and paper. What's going on with kids?
- I used to listen to the soap operas with my grandmother.
- People don't want to pay 8 or 9 dollars to go see a problem that they have in their life, on screen. They pay to get away from that.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.365835
Retrieved Text: Farah LeeAllen Fath Galfond (born May 1, 1984) is an American actress. She portrayed Mimi Lockhart on the NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives from 1999 to 2007, and Gigi Morasco on the ABC Daytime soap opera One Life to Live from 2007 to 2012. Fath returned to Days of Our Lives temporarily in 2018.
Fath was born in Lexington, Kentucky to Lisa and Greg Fath. She has a younger sister, Victoria "Tori" Fath. She began her career in show business at the age of five, and was voted Miss Kentucky Preteen in 1995. She appeared in print campaigns for Duncan Hines and in a national commercial for Pringles potato chips.
Fath joined Days of Our Lives as Mimi Lockhart in September 1999, and left the show in February 2007.
Fath debuted in the contract role of Gigi Morasco on the ABC soap opera One Life to Live on October 24, 2007, and left the series in June 2011. On October 10, 2011, Fath returned to One Life to Live as Gigi's sister Stacy Morasco, who has plastic surgery to look like Gigi. The character is later revealed to be Gigi herself.
On September 25, 2011, Fath appeared on the American reality television series Dirty Soap with several other soap opera performers, including her then-boyfriend, John-Paul Lavoisier.
In May 2015, it was announced that Fath will work with fellow Days of Our Lives alumna Alison Sweeney on the second installment of Murder She Baked for Hallmark Movies & Mysteries.
^ Dirty Soap: "As the Ex Returns" (October 23, 2011) episode.
^ "Who,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.35435
Retrieved Text: Can a soap opera star whose character has been written out of the show find happiness as the proprietor of a greasy spoon in Woods Hole? Hal's brother Andy, an investment counselor, thinks not. But Hal perseveres, even when he learns that he needs new wiring and plumbing to bring the place up to code. Hal hires Mike Sweeny, a contractor whose specialty is bilking city slickers. With the help of a young woman named Penny one of his biggest fans and Andy who fancies Penny enough to cast aside his misgivings, Hal finishes "The Black Duck". Audiences die laughing at this wonderfully off beat comedy.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.298256
Retrieved Text: José Manuel Figueroa Sr. better known as Joan Sebastian (born in Juliantla, Guerrero, on April 8, 1951) is a popular Mexican multi Grammy award winning singer and songwriter. He has composed hundreds of songs and been a regular staple on the top-40 charts in Mexico since his career began in 1977. His music is a mixture of Latin pop, ranchera and grupera music. His success is not only found in music but also in his short acting career when he became the main protagonist of a Mexican soap opera. In 1996 he made his acting debut in the Mexican soap opera Tú y Yo (You and I) sharing credits with Maribel Guardia (his former wife and mother to one of his sons) the soap opera became an instant televised hit. He has won seven Latin Grammy Awards and four Grammy Awards.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.287497
Retrieved Text: OMG - an easy hoodie that goes anywhere and everywhere! An easy layer to wear on its own or over anything from bathing suits to your favorite camisole. Made from high quality cotton sateen, this hoodie is wonderfully soft and delicately trimmed with a rich lace inset. We've worn this hoodie with jeans, yoga pants, and of course, turned it into a fabulous casual outfit paired with the bottoms from Play Favorites Cotton Short Sleeve Pjs!
Care: Machine wash cold gentle cycle with like colors. Do not bleach. Tumble dry low. Remove promptly. Cool iron as necessary.
How about a little pampering while on the road? Our travel kit has travel size bottles of all natural Rosemary Lime gentle shampoo, soothing conditioner, and moisturizing body lotion along with two travel size bars of handmade soap, in refreshing Lavender-Litsea and Lemongrass. Made with fresh Vermont goat's milk for creamy, gentle cleansing and olive oil for moisturizing. All tucked away in a clear pouch. These little indulgences are the perfect pick me up when you're always on the go!
Those gorgeous flowers? Those fabulous veggies and piquant herbs? We know they didn't grow on their own! It took a dedicated gardener's hard work and tender care... so reward yourself! Our fabulous spa kit for the gardener includes Lemon Verbena Gardener's Soap rich with oat flour and dried verbena leaves, a mild exfoliant to clean up from a day's work; a handy tool with pumice on one side and natural bristle brush on the other to get out the earth and leave

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.145876
Retrieved Text: These ladies know drama—and have the credits to prove it.
Lisa Rinna and Eileen Davidson were thrust into the wild world of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills this past season. But the duo fit in perfectly with the other ladies: they laughed, they cried and they fought like seasoned Housewives. Whether breaking wine glasses in Amsterdam or not finding a single thing to like about Kim Richards, Lisa and Eileen earned the stamp of approval from Housewife fans everywhere.
But these two are no strangers to the television world. They are talented actresses with a long list of television credits (although nothing could prepare them for the ladies of RHOBH). As they quickly climb the ranks of reality television stardom, we must recognize that these two starlets are bona fide soap opera queens. Here are 12 ways Lisa Rinna and Eileen Davidson are soap opera royalty.
1. Eileen is an award winning soap star.
Eileen took home a Daytime Emmy in 2014 for her work on Days of Our Lives. The award was well deserved after years of hard work as a drama queen on daytime television.
Melrose Place was the most epic evening soap opera in the 90’s. Lisa Rinna stole the show week after week with her trademark stare and sultry pout.
The look you'd get after Taylor Mcbride did the reunion show.
3. Eileen has starred on THREE soap operas.
Eileen was a member of the cast of Days of Our Lives, The Young and The Restless and The Bold and the Beautiful. If that’s doesn’t make her soap opera

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.782164
Retrieved Text: 5 DJs celebrating 5 years of MUM, Somerville’s largest outdoor dance party!
Project MUM returns! Meet Under McGrath for Somerville’s annual intergalactic dance party. ARTSomerville, the folks who run the Nave Gallery, are making this year’s event a tribute to George Clinton & the P-Funk Mothership. Join us outdoors, rain or shine, under McGrath Highway for a night of FUNK spun by DJs Flack, Wayne & Wax, Axel Foley, Pace and Brother Cleve. This urban space odyssey will be transformed by out of this world lighting (and disco ball) by Todd Lewis Sargent, a video space mashup by VJ Dziga, and the return of last year’s Space Girls and Alienettes, led by Carey Foster and Peneny Pinnette.
Participants are encouraged to come outfitted with their best Funkadelic space attire!
29 august 2009, 9 p.m.-1 a.m.
space – somerville’s final frontier!
Project MUM, an open-air dance party under McGrath Highway, moves into orbit for 2009. This year’s event creates an intergalactic space odyssey featuring four hours of music spun by DJs flack, wayne and wax, axel foley & pace. An out of this world environment created by lighting whiz Todd Sargent sets the stage for an unforgettable outdoor dance party. A video mashup of space scenes both real and imagined will be shown by vj dziga. Celebrity danceoffs led by Carey Foster will provide inspiration for earthlings shaking it on ground level. You won’t have to travel to a galaxy far, far away to find the best Saturday night dance scene; this gritty urban space odessy is only minutes away from Union

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.75234
Retrieved Text: Aug 28, 2018. By examining the origins, history, and trivia of the daytime drama, we uncover why these popular serials are called soap operas.
Jun 23, 2011. The Wall Street Journal has a story about all the long-running soap operas that are going off the air. A cohort of die-hard fans is protesting the.
Oct 4, 2017. Count soap operas among Procter & Gamble's many successes. P&G was one of the first companies to sponsor daytime serial dramas on the.
If I asked you what the NBA was all about, you, being the smart people you are, would say “basketball.’’ And in the literal sense, you would be right. The coaches coach, the players play and the balls.
Bold and Beautiful. The glamour of Los Angeles’s high fashion scene has been the backdrop for this jetsetting soap that has focused on the Forrester family and their friends and foes since 1987.
Soap Opera Network is an online magazine celebrating the world of soaps past, present and future.
The post Commentary: Rod Serling’s version of a soap appeared first on TheStatehouseFile.com. INDIANAPOLIS – This must be what soap operas look like in “The Twilight Zone.” Let’s take stock of where.
Soap opera star Susan Lucci urges women to look out for heart disease symptoms following harrowing health scare originally appeared on goodmorningamerica.com Beloved soap opera star Susan Lucci is.
Serving YOU Natural and Luxury Bath and Body Products since March 3, 1972. Supplying body care, hair care, aromatherapy, massage and fine fragrances.
2 days ago · A Mexican soap opera star was arrested Monday after he

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.422066
Retrieved Text: Beautifully executed though thematically murky, Alex Garland’s (“Ex Machina”) adaptation of Jeff VanderMeer’s best-seller novel is an exercise in psychedelia and cinematic dissonance.
Though not as existentially unnerving as “Ex Machina,” it’s one of the most ambitious head movies ever made, laced with trace elements of Carpenter’s “The Thing” and Tarkovsky’s “Stalker,” with a little Lovecraft and “Alien” thrown in for good measure. Fair warning: frustration is a built-in part of the experience.
The mystery box that drives the story is a phenomenon dubbed ‘The Shimmer,’ an extraterrestrial energy field with a soap-bubble sheen that springs up in the Florida marshes. It is studied for years, and though plenty of drones and personnel are sent into it, nothing ever comes back – until a soldier, Kane (Oscar Isaac), returns home to his biologist wife, Lena (Natalie Portman), a year after she has written him off as dead.
Kane is unwell, and to get to the root of his illness Lena joins an expedition into the Shimmer consisting of four other women: psychologist/team leader Dr. Ventress (Jennifer Jason Leigh), paramedic Anya (Gina Rodriguez), physicist Josie (Tessa Thompson), and anthropologist Cass (Tuva Novotny).
The subsequent odyssey posits more questions than it answers as the team traverses an increasingly surreal landscape. It’s tricky material for even the most skilled of filmmakers, but Garland deftly avoids over-explaining Annihilation‘s mysteries (what little of them are explained, that is) or watering down the story into something more mainstream.
The movie is greatly thought-provoking and equal parts elegant and strange, but it often leans heavily into its beautiful

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.279781
Retrieved Text: The new Honda Odyssey will be a 5 door vehicle with three rows of seats and a capacity for 7 passengers. Honda has hooked up the vehicle with a youthful, sporty and advanced new look. Standard features for the new Odyssey will include, black-trimmed headlights, new fog lights, a black-surround grille which gives it an upscale appearance and a muscular new hood. The rear will feature LED taillights that come with clear lenses and captivating perimeter ‘light pipes”. The auto dealer has used lightweight aluminium material for the front fenders, the hood, and front suspension. The LX model will come with 17-inch steel wheels, the EX and EX-L will have 17-inch aluminium alloy wheels while the Touring and Touring Elite trim levels will feature 18-inch premium sport aluminium alloy wheels.
Also, the 2016 Odyssey EX, SE, EX-L, Touring and Touring Elite trim levels come with a wiper-linked headlight system. This system turns on headlights automatically when front wipers are activated. Overall, the new Odyssey body will be wider creating more room for passengers and cargo. Motorists will have a choice of several exterior colours.
The interior of the new Honda Odyssey 2016 has been designed to suit family comfort and entertainment needs. The interior of all trim levels feature a 7-inch touch screen, a DVD player, parking assistance, Bluetooth connection, protection airbags, a navigation system chrome-trimmed instrument dials and white halo lighting that makes climate controls easy to operate and instrumentations easier to read.
The interior will also have wood grain finish and calfskin trimmed seats with collapsible back

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.25483
Retrieved Text: So far I’ve lived in three different countries—New Zealand, the United States and Australia—and each move has necessitated shedding some books while keeping the ones that matter. I always retain at least two large bookshelves: a collection of classics and contemporary literature, anchored by the Odyssey, Iliad and Shakespeare, and topped by Dickens, and a bookshelf for fantasy, speculative fiction and mystery.
But why stick with these books?
For me, the books of a lifetime are those that create an entire immersive world: vivid and concrete as you imagine it. These books, in reading, generate the sensation of presence, of the outside world receding and the fiction living around you. I remember reading the mesmerizing opening chapters of Our Mutual Friend on a rainy winter’s morning in Christchurch, New Zealand, and the feeling of being on that dark London riverside, amongst the mud and coal-smoke, was acute.
Dickens, from the legal and spiritual labyrinths of Bleak House to the prisons of Little Dorrit and beyond, has that power of conjuring an entirely realized world. This lies in the scope of his imagination, the heightening effect of his descriptions, his abundant language and vibrant characterization.
Joseph Conrad wrote that the aim of the writer’s art, above all else, is to make you see. I think this does not mean simply to visualize but to comprehend the whole in the parts the writer can present, to see it clearly, illuminated by its own light. Conrad, who bridges the Victorians and modernism and joined the adventure story to something morally complex, is an

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.244123
Retrieved Text: From ""Ma Perkins"" and ""One Man's Family"" in the 1930s to ""All My Children"" in the 1980s, the soap opera has capture the imagination of millions of American men and women of all ages. In Speaking of Soap Operas, Robert Allen undertakes a reexamination of the production and consumption of soap operas through the use of a unique investigatory model based on contemporary poetics and reader-response theory.
Although a considerable amount of research has been conducted on these programs, Allen argues that soap operas remain a phenomenon about which much is said but little is known. Soap operas are different from most other media programming -- they appear formless, refuse to end, require little work on the part of the viewer, and bear no recognizable marks of authorship. For these and other reasons, soap operas resist explanation from both traditional aesthetic and empiricist social science perspectives.
The daytime dramatic serials generate nearly a billion dollars in revenue each year for the three commercial networks. Allen discusses in detail the economic and institutional functions of these programs in addition to the context of their production. He also considers the historical development of the soap opera as advertising vehicle, narrative structure and ""women's fiction.""
Speaking of Soap Operas is based on the author's own experiences as a soap opera viewer; extensive interviews with soap opera writers, producers, and actors; and the papers of Irna Phillips, creator of dozens of successful ratio and television soap operas. Drawing also upon trade publications, popular periodicals, and broadcast archives, this work is an important contribution

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.09627
Retrieved Text: Steam Assassin's Creed Odyssey is an action RPG. Take control of your destiny with every decision you make and each relationship you build. Customize your equipment and master new special abilities, tailoring your hero's skillset to your playstyle. Fight across the country of Greece, engaging in visceral battles on both land and sea and becoming a true hero of legend. Get yours copy now with Steam Wallet Card!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.09126
Retrieved Text: The Characters Of Charles Dickens As An Extension Of Himself.
Dickens is celebrated for his various characters, many of which seem to be derived from his own personality.
Dorian Grey: A Metaphor For Contemporary Society?
Dorian Grey's descent into madness can be compared to the downfall of modern society.
Holy Scriptures As Works Of Literature.
As the world grows increasingly secular, now may be the time for us to begin treating religious writing as "normal" works of literature.
The Downfall Of The Great American Novel In The Twenty-First Century.
Many scholars argue that the great American novel has become significantly less great since the beginning of the twenty-first century.
The Lost Generation As A Justification For The Atrocities Of The First World War.
World War One produced countless tragedies, but is the war justified by the classic works which it inspired?
The Phantom Of The Opera: A Victim Of Circumstance?
The Phantom Of The Opera is portrayed as a villain throughout the novel of the same name, but are his actions the result of the abuse which he had to endure due to his appearance?
Is Hemingway Inspired By A Fear Or Love Of Death?
Ernest Hemingway was undoubtedly concerned with death. But was he simply another person frightened of it or did he have some sort of deeper connection with death?
The Reality Of Harry Potter.
Many fans of the Harry Potter series argue that it contains guidelines for the real world which could benefit our lives and help us grow as a society.
A Political Breakdown Of The Great Gatsby.
The Great Gatsby follows a number of wealthy characters through a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.927618
Retrieved Text: Walford station is the local Tube station in BBC TV’s long-running soap opera ‘Eastenders’.
The Tube map on the fictitious station wall puts it on the District line where Bromley-by-Bow should be.
The trains that are occasionally seen passing by are in reality pushed along by stagehands.
Fans will know the station was where Lou Beale collapsed outside. Also, notable characters made their first appearance of characters arriving at the station including Alfie Moon, and Stacey Slater and was where Zoe Slater, Little Mo Mitchell, Yolande Trueman and Charlie Slater said their farewells.
• Is there a book in you? What will it be about?
• What are the first steps to writing it?
• How is your life like a soap opera?
• How can you make your life a better soap opera?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.811916
Retrieved Text: Mary Gaitskill(born 1954) is an American author author of essays, short stories and novels. Her work often features female characters dealing with strong conflicts and inward aggression and transgressive themes including prostitution, addiction, and sado-masochism. Gaitskill says she has worked as a stripper and a call girl. She has published three collections of stories, Bad Behavior (1988), Because They Wanted To (1997, PEN/Faulkner Award finalist) and Don’t Cry (2009). She has published three novels, Two Girls, Fat and Thin (1991), Veronica (2005, finalist for National Book Award and National Books Critics Circle Award) about The Mare (2015).
1. Ulysses by James Joyce (1922). Filled with convoluted plotting, scrambled syntax, puns, neologisms, and arcane mythological allusions, Ulysses recounts the misadventures of schlubby Dublin advertising salesman Leopold Bloom on a single day, June 16, 1904. As Everyman Bloom and a host of other characters act out, on a banal and quotidian scale, the major episodes of Homer’s ­Odyssey —including encounters with modern-day sirens and a Cyclops —Joyce’s bawdy mock-epic suggests the improbability, perhaps even the pointlessness, of heroism in the modern age.
3. Pale Fire by Vladimir Nabokov (1962). “It is the commentator who has the last word,” claims Charles Kinbote in this novel masquerading as literary criticism. The text of the book includes a 999-line poem by the murdered American poet John Shade and a line-by-line commentary by Kinbote, a scholar from the country of Zembla. Nabokov even provides an index to this playful, provocative story of poetry, interpretation, identity, and madness, which is full to bursting with allusions,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.733503
Retrieved Text: Gale Edwards, cradling her beloved pooch Tosca on her lap, fixes a gimlet eye on a quartet of young singers. They stand in front of her, shifting uneasily like schoolgirls at a recital as she takes them through their parts as perky, dimwitted telephone switch girls in a 1950s department store.
“Over-articulate the ‘p’, please — ‘hello, can I help you?’ ” she calls out. They try, singing in unison. All but one stumbles. Edwards immediately zooms in, a pin to a butterfly. “Try that again.” The young ­singer does. It’s not good enough, if Edwards’s pursed lips are any guide. “Again.” It will feel strange at first but do try, she implores the group.
In this big rehearsal space in the Adelaide suburb of Netley, Edwards’s directorial eye is all-seeing. Eighteen performers have gathered here for the first week of rehearsals for the State Opera of South Australia’s new million-dollar opera Cloudstreet, based on the bestselling 1991 novel by Australian author Tim Winton. We’re in the middle of scene 38 on day five of a 23-day rehearsal period, and the air is jangly with nerves as the cast navigates the continually evolving 60-scene libretto by Sydney composer and opera newbie George Palmer.
An invisible clock ticks loudly. Opening night for the country’s biggest new opera is a mere three weeks away.
For Edwards, this project — cumbersome, risky, sprawling, “hugely time-consuming” and involving five years of largely unpaid effort around her kitchen table, crowd-funding drives, deep generosity from peers in the arts and law, and three two-week workshops —

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.688633
Retrieved Text: A beautiful young woman and a distinguished writer meet and fall for each other. The writer is Charles Dickens, a married man with a high profile. Their “secret” relationship haunts the woman years after it has ended and she finds it almost impossible to reconcile with it and move on. My review of The Invisible Woman after the jump.
Nelly (Felicity Jones) lives in rural England, where she’s married to the local school master and assists with the staging of the children’s plays. On the surface she has a charmed life, but it’s quickly obvious that she’s distracted, often lost in seemingly unhappy thoughts. Nelly, who is from a family of actors, came into the company of Mr Charles Dickens (Ralph Fiennes) through her and her family’s work and socialising in theatre circles, in which Dickens was also active. Dickens was taken by Nelly and after some time, the two became intimate. In starting something with a man married to his work, the public and his wife, Nelly becomes the invisible woman, loved by Dickens but only in the shadows and only on his terms.
There is a quiet beauty about The Invisible Woman, which is both haunting and enchanting. The bleak, barren beaches where Nelly takes her daily walks are beautiful, yet harsh. It is here that she loses herself in her pain and in her memories, struggling to come to terms with her past and move on. Sweeping shots of the beach show its immense size, making Nelly seem small, and even frail in comparison. This

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.633423
Retrieved Text: Sigmund Snopek III (USA) - 2000 - "Trinity"
Unfortunately, I wasn't familiar with the reportedly remarkable creation of American Pole (and hereditary nobleman, by the way) Sigmund Snopek III until now, until I received just his latest album "Trinity: Seas-Seize-Sees" from Musea (while I know that this talented musician, lyricist and composer's career began far back in the end of the 1960s). The "Trinity" album is not a reissue of some early work of Snopek, but an official release of the genius's most important album-project, the work on which started way back in 1971 and wasn't completed until 1999. Actually, all the three parts of "Trinity" were recorded separately in 1973, 1996 and 1999, while in the years between these three recording sessions Sigmund has worked on both the remaining parts of the trilogy "Seas-Seize-Sees". The fact that exactly "Musea" was chosen by Snopek concerning the release of his life-work I regard as a Sign. "Trinity" has become a real discovery for me. Apart from the great "Jesus Christ Superstar", I don't know of other real Rock Operas (in which the number of singers is equal to the number of characters) that would be as rich in progressive ingredients as "Trinity". There are lots of incredibly original and very tasteful colours of Classic Art Rock and real, truly Progressive Rock Opera on "Trinity", while wonderfully diverse vocal parts and instrumental arrangements change each other more than frequently the album throughout. Science-fiction lyrics of this monumental album are also of great interest. It all begins with the main

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.58414
Retrieved Text: Dear Janeites, I just received this announcement and thought that most of you would be interested. We will be receiving copies of the novel to raffle off at an upcoming Reading Group meeting!
Matthew Rhys (The Americans, Brothers and Sisters), and Anna Maxwell Martin (Bleak House, The Bletchley Circle), star in an adaptation of P.D. James’ witty and inventive continuation of Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice. As preparations are being made for a ball at Elizabeth and Darcy's Pemberley home, the discovery of a corpse brings an abrupt and shocking halt to the proceedings — and a threat to all that the Darcys hold dear.
Are you an admirer of Charles Dickens, as well? It's a great time to show our appreciation, as we enjoy the bicentenary of this influential English writer, born February 7, 1812.
If you are interested in joining a Charles DIckens Reading Discussion Group, to be held quarterly, please contact member Kelly Kirschner.
FYI, Masterpiece on PBS will be showcasing several TV adaptations of Dickens's works this spring, including The Old Curiosity Shop, Great Expectations, and The Mystery of Edwin Drood. Check out this spring schedule on the PBS web site for more details.
Downton Abbey Season 2 starts tonight!
The second season of Downton Abbey -- an extraordinarily detailed and engrossing historical soap opera of Edwardian proportions -- is set to air in the U.S. on PBS, starting tonight, Sunday, January 8, 2012. (The British series originally aired in the U.K. this past fall.) Please check your local listings for details. Season 1 began with the sinking

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.559587
Retrieved Text: The Hero's Tale - Family Friendly RPG: STORY BOOK!
DeFrantis is a young human girl living on the streets, trying to eke out a living in the sprawling city, and she has problems. First, after a botched attempt to steal a chicken, she’s on the run. Second, for some reason, someone other than the City Guard is trying to hunt her down. Finally, the poor kids she was trying to feed got sold off to slavers.
She has to save them, but first, she has to find them! Along the way, she gets help from strangers: Antonerri, a soldier turned heretic - Thissraelle, an elven mage girl; Granthurg, the studious giant; and Karendle, a half-dwarf wizard wannabe.
...But who is the Dragon’s Flame?
Get the first two story arcs of "A Tale of Heroes" in one printed (or ebook) volume! Available now at Amazon!
Learn how to get the book with no money up front!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.50521
Retrieved Text: You've never seen a soap opera quite like The Joyful Storm.'That's because it only exists within the upcoming movie Joy.
20th Century Fox has just released a series of Joyful Storm promotional videos along with a mock Soap Opera Digest cover to celebrate the unique soap opera integration in the upcoming film, Joy. Featuring beloved soap stars Susan Lucci, Donna Mills, Laura Wright, and Maurice Benard, David O. Russell has gathered together a special cast of soap opera alumni to play unique roles in much-anticipated and fabulously reviewed Joy. Stars Diane Ladd and Virginia Madsen also have unique connections to the soap opera community, including Ladd’s brief stint on the long-running daytime drama The Secret Storm, which also happened to star Donna Mills.
Joy, directed by David O. Russell and starring Jennifer Lawrence, Robert De Niro, Bradley Cooper, Edgar Ramirez, Isabella Rossellini, Diane Ladd, and Virginia Madsen, opens in theaters Christmas Day.
Watch the mock The Joyful Storm clips below.
In case you missed earlier, watch our exclusive clip as Nelson Aspen talks soaps with Joy stars Diane Ladd and Virginia Madsen.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.452955
Retrieved Text: Christopher Carbin is a Boston-based bass-baritone who is quickly becoming recognized for his artistic versatility and affinity for new opera. In the summer of 2018, he will be joining the Glimmerglass Festival as a Young Artist, covering the roles of Harašta in Janáček’s The Cunning Little Vixen and the British Major in Puts’ Silent Night, among other assignments.
In October of 2017, Christopher made his debut with Odyssey Opera, singing the role of Armando in Donizetti’s rarely performed L’assedio di Calias under the baton ofMaestro Gil Rose. He will be returning to Odyssey Opera in April of 2018, performing the role of Talbot in Verdi’s rarely staged Giovanna d’Arco.
Christopher has also performed as a Gerdine Young Artist with the Opera Theatre of Saint Louis, covering the role of Abdullah in the world premiere of Jack Perla’s Shalimar the Clown, as well as a member of the Crested Butte Opera Studio, performing the role of Simone in Puccini’s Gianni Schicchi.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.413511
Retrieved Text: I read that story, and it is a good story IMHO, but as Science Fiction goes, it does not touch on the true enormity of cosmic events presented in its pages. Still, it has a good "hero's journey" in it. Just remember not to take the concepts to literally, as Hubbard injected a lot of his philosophy into the book.
IMO, good Science Fiction isn't about the technology or future circumstance, but the philosophical questions and paradox a technologically advanced civilization must deal with. Ray Bradbury (The Illustrated Man, Something Wicked This Way Comes, Fahrenheit 451), Larry Niven (Ringworld, The Ringworld Engineers, Tales of Known Space), Arthur C. Clarke (2001: A Space Odyssey, => 3001: The Final Odyssey) Isaac Asimov(Bicentenial Man; I, Robot) Robert A. Heinlein (Starship Troopers, Stranger in a Strange Land) are all authors that I think fall into this category.
EDIT: Forgot about Orson Scott Card.
Also I miss Lord Janos.
Go eat a bag of used feminine hygiene products you insufferably pretentious nitwit. Go get a job and stop pretending you're intelligent.
Iunno man you were sort of right?
Dune is probably the best scifi I've ever read and it's all just philosophical hoodoo for the most part.

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.726574
Retrieved Text: Friday night, Emily and I went to see Where the Wild Things Are, the Spike Jonze film loosely based on Maurice Sendak’s classic book about a disobedient boy named Max, who is sent to bed without supper and imagines sailing away to the land of Wild Things,where he is made king.
Going into the movie, I didn’t really have any expectations, beyond having a good time. After all, the book is roughly ten sentences. If you’re going to make a 100-minute film from it, you’re going to have to expand; more accurately, you’ll need to create your own story around the basic framework of the original.
There are parts of the movie that were excellent.The character designers did a great job bringing the Wild Things to life and should be commended. Likewise, all the actors did a brilliant job in the portrayal of their characters. But, as we watched the movie, I felt… unsettled.
Emily described the movie as having an “undercurrent of creepy” running through it.
Something felt off. Perhaps it was characterization. Max, the emotionally out-of-control son of a divorced mom, flips out when Mom’s got a date in the house and takes off. This reminded me a bit of my childhood as the emotionally out-of-control son of a divorced mom. While his actions certainly aren’t glorified, I’m amazed at the seeming lack of consequence for behaving like an insufferable brat.
After some further reflection, I think my discomfort centers around Carol, the emotionally out-of-control Wild Thing who is a personification of Max’s own issues. He smashes the group’s

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.78242
Retrieved Text: The first surprise on this list! Searching is not only a thriller, with a plot worthy of Hitchcock, but also an experimental movie where movie goers only see what is going on on screens of computers or televisions during the whole plot. And it works so well!
This movie is definitely special. It isn’t as good as it could potentially be, otherwise it may even have been the best movie of the year. Somehow it is incredibly beautiful, also super creepy and somehow very innovative. Too bad that the plot didn’t give me the satisfying answers I needed to give it a 10. It’s on Netflix, come on, go watch it!
This stop-motion animated film by Wes Anderson is totally unique. It tells a compelling story with a great amount of social criticism, yet pledging Anderson’s love to dogs and Asia very clearly. It also has an incredible ensemble of stars as voice actors like Bryan Cranston (Breaking Bad), Edward Norton (Fight Club), Jeff Goldblum (Jurassic Park) or Scarlett Johansson (Y’all know her). A must see, that went under the radar for most people.
The first Creed was already awesome and the second installment is equally good. Visually appealing and emotionally catching. A very old-school hollywood plot, but driven to perfection. The Rocky saga is officially revived.
What’s better than a drama based on totally insane true events? What if these true events shaped the world we live in today? What if Christian Bale, Amy Adams and Sam Rockwell were staring in this drama? One of the best movies of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.394356
Retrieved Text: There's a good reason why the writing of Neil Simon resonates for so many people, says actor Catherine Colby.
"He is an expert at putting the fun in dysfunction, and I think that's something that everyone can connect with," says the Newburyport, Mass., resident.
She portrays 19-year-old daughter Libby Tucker in ACT ONE's Festival of Fun's opening "I Ought to Be in Pictures," Aug. 5-7 and Aug. 27-28.
"The play brings you to so many different places emotionally. You really feel for the characters and you want things to work out for them, but at some points you really aren't sure how things are going to go," she said.
This Simon comedy is the story of Hollywood screenwriter Herb Tucker (portrayed by Norman Smith of Plaistow, N.H.) who has writer's block and a guilty conscience for leaving his family back in Brooklyn years ago.
Fate comes knocking when Libby arrives at his door with plans to become a movie star. She is described as a "spitfire of a girl full of hope" who gives her father a second chance in life.
"Three terrific actors are working with us to bring this wonderful story to the stage," says Stephanie Voss Nugent, ACT ONE's executive director. "Norm played Pat in last summer's box office hit, 'The Porch.' Terry Spalding (of Newburyport) is Herb's very patient girlfriend, Steffy Blondell."
Colby is enjoying the experience. "When I'm on stage I really feel connected to the cast and director and what's happening in the moment," she explains. "As an actor that's a wonderful gift. Working with Stephanie is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.500374
Retrieved Text: Imran leads the movie with incredible energy, while Kangana sends shivers down your spine.
‘Katti Batti’ is a coming of age romance directed by Nikhil Advani. This may be marked as Nikhil’s return to form after Shah Rukh Khan’s ‘Kal Ho Naa Ho’. ‘Katti Batti’ stars Imran Khan and Kangana Ranaut in lead roles. It is the first time that Imran and Kangana have been paired on the screen together.
First things first, the real star of ‘Katti Batti’ is Mukesh Chhabra who never appears on the screen but is the person behind casting. Mukesh steers the ship of ‘Katti Batti’ into right direction by giving us an impeccable ensemble - the fantastic lot of young and old stars.
Even the smallest of roles in this refreshingly endearing romantic drama have been delegated to talented actors - with almost an eye for who will fit in that role to pull it with adequate amount of eccentricity to sway the audiences.
Wait, but there’s more to this partly humorous and largely thoughtful drama - the screenplay. I want to laud Anshul Singhal for setting the mood right for such an emotionally delicate and though-provoking movie. Anshul tries to sprinkle chunks of humour here and there in the movie to keep a taut pace.
It is also overjoying to see how Anshul didn’t exaggerate the dramatization of romance, only to keep it crisp and subtle.
The movie is a love story between Payal and Maddy, who are poles apart in terms of personality. It is surprising that these characters don’t appear together on the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.025105
Retrieved Text: The emotionally compelling eleventh novel in New York Times bestselling author Emily March's warm and uplifting romance series about a small town with a big heart.
For fans of Debbie Macomber, Robyn Carr, Barbara Freethy and Susan Mallery. Reunion Pass is the emotionally compelling eleventh novel in New York Times bestselling author Emily March's warm and uplifting romance series about a small town with a big heart.
Six years ago, Chase Timberlake bought an engagement ring for his high school sweetheart Lori Reese. Then ... life happened and their happily ever after never came to pass.
When Chase's jet-setting life takes a tragic turn, he returns to Eternity Springs a damaged man. But long summer days spent with Lori rekindles the love that never died and Chase dares to dream of a future he'd thought lost.
But Lori can't help but wonder whether this high-flying man really wants a small-town girl with roots sunk deep into the Colorado Rockies. Can she and Chase turn back the hands of time and pick up where they left off - and give forever a chance?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.85709
Retrieved Text: If we skip over Nicolas Cage and Angelina Jolie, it’s fair to way the star of the 2000 blockbuster Gone in 60 Seconds was a classic Mustang named the Eleanor.
Now it’s your chances to own that star as the car is to be sold by COYS the international car auctioneers at the Autosport International show in Birmingham on Saturday January 14th and it could go for as much as £100,000. Twelve cars were built in total, five of which were stunt cars that didn’t survive the filming. The car being sold is one of the very small number that remain.
More specifically, this is one of the three ‘hero’ cars, built not just to be functional but also to be used for scenes involving the actors themselves. Designated number 7, this actual car would have been used for driving shots or, with a camera mounted, for dialogue or interior action shots featuring the actors.
The star of the 1974 film ‘Gone in 60 Seconds’ was undoubtedly the 1973 Ford Mustang Mach 1 named Eleanor. When the producers of the 2000 remake were looking for a car to feature in a climactic chase sequence, another mustang was the natural choice. In order to stand out amongst the array of exotic sports cars also featuring in the movie, it was decided that the Mustang would need to be something special.
Famed Hot Rod illustrator Steve Stanford was enlisted to create a 1967 Mustang GT500 and former Boyd Coddington designer Chip Foose was hired by the production company to turn Stanford’s work

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.063326
Retrieved Text: LA cops in a Training Day-like movie.
Since so many things are outsourced to India, why not outsource your retirement? That’s the premise of this delightful movie that has an array of great British stars from Maggie Smith to Tom Wilkinson, to Dame Judi Dench. Added to that, “Slum Dog’s” young star, Dev Patel. We are introduced to several Brits of a certain age, all facing financial challenges with their retirement, who see an opportunity to travel to India and live in the Exotic Marigold Hotel for a fraction of what such splendid accommodation would cost at home. But when they arrive on site, it’s not quite as advertised. A delightful film with an exceptional story and a satisfying outcome. Rated PG.
This is a horror-slasher-chiller with a difference. It appears on the surface to be standard horror fare … five young people find a cabin in the woods, they get themselves inside, and strange things begin to happen. But that’s not the movie. I can’t tell you what occurs next because that gives too much away, but consider this: it’s written by Joss Whedon (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Firefly) and it pays its respect to some of the greatest horror characters ever … nothing gratuitous, all very creative. Chris Hemsworh (Thor) stars. Rated 18A.
A documentary on the pop star in much the same style as the recent Justin Bieber film that looks at a Katy Perry performance from the backstage angle. As well, we meet her parents, and look at her beginnings as a Christian artist, and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.883278
Retrieved Text: The critics were luke-warm but our friends who saw the movie (across age group) liked it very much. This is also great news since newbie director Abhishek Varman has succeeded in his first attempt, OTOH Arjun Kapoor and Alia Bhatt will prolong the stranglehold of dynasties in Bollywood (we still wish them well).
In spite of the IPL fever, this film has been declared the biggest hit of 2014 so far. Trade Analyst Taran Adarsh tweeted about the film's success,"#2States all set to cross $ 1 million mark in USA-Canada in opng wknd itself. BIGGEST OPENER of 2014 there. Excellent!"
Writer Chetan Bhagat who was in an ecstatic mood also took to Twitter to post, "Kudos @abhivarman and his entire team | 2 States Emerges Biggest Hit Of 2014. 2 States opening wknd ~Rs40cr, similar to 3 Idiots opening wknd! Only this time, with debut director, upcoming actors! Miracles do happen."
The film raked in around Rs.12 crore on its opening day in the country (India). According to sources, the first day collection for the entertainer, directed by first-timer Abhishek Varman, is Rs. 12.42 cr net.
The movie was released in nearly 2,400 screens worldwide. In India, "2 States" released in over 2,000 screens and internationally, it released in close to 350 screens in 30 countries.
Review (no spoiler): Pretty Tam Brahm ‘ponnu’ plus ‘hatta katta’ Punjabi munda equals to match made in heaven? If you go by ’2 States’, yes, but getting to it is long and arduous. The film sets out to be a solid, emotionally satisfying rom com,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.700422
Retrieved Text: Earlier this year, Glass hit theaters, bringing together M. Night Shyamalan‘s 19-year old grounded superhero drama Unbreakable and his kidnapping thriller Split into one single universe where a superhero finally faces off with two powerful super villains. And by face off, we meet quietly and calmly sit next to each other while a conniving doctor tries to convince them that they’re not characters from a real life comic book. It’s…something else, and the Glass Honest Trailer is just as perplexed as we are after watching this movie. Beware of spoilers!
I don’t think anyone really expected this to become a typical superhero movie. After all, that’s what made Unbreakable so great, and that’s what made the reveal at the end of Split so satisfying. But the third act of this movie is so bizarre, and the inevitable twist leaves a lot to be desired. Honestly, I was on board with this movie entirely until the last 10 minutes or so.
At the very least, M. Night Shyamalan tried to do something original with the superhero genre. While I wouldn’t say he subverted expectations since you’d have to be insane to think that Glass would turn into a typical blockbuster, he took a big chance making a movie like this, especially one where all three of the main characters die in a parking lot. It’s not as weird as the new heroes using YouTube to spread the word about superheroes, where no one believes anything they see, but again, we’re not sure what we were expecting.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.613567
Retrieved Text: Didn’t know exactly where to post this so I just put it here – a review of From Paris with Love – if you need to move it or you don’t have a place for it, I understand.
It’s actually the first movie of Jonathan’s that I’ve seen on the big screen and I wasn’t disappointed. Jonathan’s character, James Reese, has as much screen time if not more than John Travolta’s character, Charlie Wax.
I took the advice of reviewer’s and didn’t expect deep plot lines or to be moved emotionally. It’s really not that kind of movie. But boy did it deliver on what I did expect, which was lots of shoot ’em and loose ’em bullets flying and car chase scenes.
The story itself really does focus on the budding relationship between the two main characters. Everything else is just in your face circumstance that doesn’t really warrant explanation.
Reese’s by the book mentality and Wax’s what book? tactics make for some interesting scenes and a couple of really good one liners.
The real treat was the obvious chemistry between the two main actors. Besides having first names, blue eyes and not hard to look at faces in common, the actors share a not so subtle humility toward their work that shines through on the screen.
The last thing this film does is take itself seriously and that’s what was fun about it.
A definite must see for any Jonathan fan.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.392185
Retrieved Text: When three actors are mistaken for real gunfighters, they are asked to come to Santa Poco, Mexico for what they believe is simply another performance. Once there, they soon realize it isn't an acting gig at all, but a real life showdown with the most dangerous bandits of the region known as El Guapo (Alfonso Arau).
Directed by John Landis, "¡Three Amigos!" is the hilarious comedy western starring three fantastic comedy actors, Steve Martin, Chevy Chase, and Martin Short. This trio of actors plays a trio of actors in the silent film era named Lucky Day, played by Martin, Dusty Bottoms, played by Chase, and Ned Nederlander, played by Short. They have starred in many films underneath the "Three Amigo" series moniker, but have recently been fired by their studio head. A young woman from Santa Poco, Mexico named Carmen, played by Patrice Martinez, sees one of their pictures playing in her local church. Santa Poco has been terrorized for years by a bandit known as El Guapo, played by Alfonso Arau. When Carmen sees the film and thinks that the movie is real, she quickly sends a telegram requesting the Three Amigos come to Santa Poco to put a stop to El Guapo's reign of terror. The Amigos mistake this telegram as an offer for an acting gig which is great for them considering their recent termination of employment.
BigJ and I were absolutely shocked to see "¡Three Amigos!" has a 44% on Rotten Tomatoes. We know these older comedy films aren't the most well received, but

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.239128
Retrieved Text: has certainly succeeded in creating something unique. Totally different from the classic war movies, Dunkirk does not waste time with endless battles and election of heroes who kill anyone on their way, but aims to represent a historical event with great accuracy and reality. One of the things you notice right away is the lack of a real protagonist. We see so many characters, but no one really prefers over the others. This very original choice allows the viewer to enter into the true atmosphere of war and to give space to the feelings of soldiers like fear and the desire to survive. No heroes in this movie, only men.
The script is very beautiful, and proofs to be very original from the choice of the event. In fact, we are not at the end of the war, but in the beginning, in particular between May and June of 1940. A few dialogues, but very good, very sensible and convincing, and simply genial the idea of ​​telling the same story from three different points of view. Only faults, the first two minutes, discounted and unnecessary, and the final talk, which is very well-liked for the character who pronounces it (in the movie) but still very fictional. In some ways, he reminded me of the interstellar finale, a movie to see, but with a screenplay to be reviewed and a bit boring finale.
The few jokes give space to music, masterfully composed by Hans Zimmer, who can give a clear idea of ​​feelings. Dunkirk is therefore a true work

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.612883
Retrieved Text: Exes Baggage is a story of Pia & Nix who instantly hit it off after a chance encounter where natural conversations eventually develop into deep attraction. Despite their wounds from previous relationships, both decide to take a chance on each other. This movie is directed by Dan Villegas under Black Sheep Productions.
Casts: Angelica Panganiban, Carlo Aquino, Dionne Monsato, Joema Bascon & Coleen Garcia.
EXES BAGGAGE is truly worth the wait. This epic comeback of this Philippine’s iconic LOVE TEAM – “CARGEL” is truly one of the reasons why I love Filipino Romantic Films. As expected, the movie did not fail me in terms of Acting & Plot. What I like about Exes Baggage is the simplicity and rawness of its plot. Its basically a story of two lovers who are trying to fix everything in their relationship despite hardship in dealing with their own issues from the past. The plot is pretty much plain but what makes it more appealing is the fact that the scenes mirror reality from simple conversations down to the conflicts the characters are facing. Exes Baggage really speaks a lot about ourselves and our romantic experiences which is pretty much a good thing. The movie is emotionally-compelling as it utilize intimate scenes very well. I really love how slow-paced the movie is. You can just actually feel the raw emotions flowing through the characters and even directly with its audiences. I really like how the Director played the CONFLICT MATERIAL of the film and bring in various realizations about the choices we

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.29093
Retrieved Text: Synopsis: A teenager facing an unplanned pregnancy seeks help from her acerbic grandmother, a woman who is long estranged from her daughter.
Review: Were it not such a competitive year in the Best Actress Oscar race, Lily Tomlin may have become the 13th EGOT. Winning the grand slam of show business means that you’ve received an Emmy, Grammy, Tony, and Oscar and Tomlin is but an EGT at the present time. Though her performance in Grandma gives the comic actress the kind of star turn chance to shine that comes along rarely for actors/actresses of any age, I fear that it will be overshadowed by performances with more commercial appeal.
Not to say that there isn’t a place for this dark comedy or Tomlin’s performance in end of the year accolades but at a scant 79 minutes the film feels like an extended short film rather than a fully produced three act structured piece. Writer/director Paul Weitz (Being Flynn) breaks the film into six chapters, seemingly editing around potential commercial breaks as we follow one eventful day for an acerbic septuagenarian and her teenage granddaughter.
A folksy poet still not over the death of her long-time lover a year prior, the film opens on Elle (Tomlin, Admission, another Weitz film) breaking up with her much younger onetime fan-now-girlfriend (Judy Greer, Jurassic World and every other movie in 2015) in a most hurtful way. She’s barely showered post-breakup when her 18-year-old granddaughter Sage (Julia Garner, The Perks of Being a Wallflower) shows up needing money to pay for an abortion.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.274433
Retrieved Text: I Remember You is very good mystery horror film from Iceland.
I Remember You tells two separate stories which it connects at the end of the movie. The first story concerns the town doctor, who is helping the police with an investigation of a woman who has died. His character spend the entire film trying to figure out this town’s dark past and trying to live with the torment of the loss of his son, who went missing some years earlier.
The other story is about a married couple (and her best friend) who are in town to convert an old, building into a bed & breakfast. There are some personal issues between the three, but the most interesting character by far is the wife. She’s also experienced some trauma in her past, and it is she who suffers the strange events that happen in this story.
The movie starts slow but it is worth sitting through the movie because it gets so much better. The movie switch back and forth between these two stories. Initially it doesn’t really make sense but it slowly connects these two stories together.
There is bit of paranormal element to the movie, but the movie is mainly a missing persons mystery. So don’t expect much of jump scares and creepy scenes. But don’t let that discourage you. There are lots of twist and turn in the story to keep you entertained.
The actors’ performances were well done, and the landscape is perfect for such a glooming tale. There are no cheap shots, nor no stunt

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.23476
Retrieved Text: The premise behind Cloud Atlas interested me from day one. I'm a sucker for a good identity story and in many ways that's what Cloud Atlas is. It's about people finding themselves through the connections in their lives and its about storytelling.
The makeup team for Cloud Atlas deserve to win all the awards ever. They managed to take the same actors and recreate them as up to six different characters. The film even makes a bold decision to have some of the actors portray different races and genders in certain storylines. Although not entirely seamless, all of the parts look fantastic and several of the actors' roles went completely by me until the ending credits showed me the who was who.
I can see why the story of Cloud Atlas isn't a crowd pleaser. As the movie states in its own way near the start, it's not an easy tale to follow. Frequent cuts from era to era were confusing at times though for those who are fully engaged the places for the cuts are brilliant, cutting back and forth to tell essentially the same story but in drastically different settings with different tones. Some plot lines are humorous, having a larger than life, almost slapstick feel; others were incredibly dark and depressing, yet all find a way to work together and help to alleviate or build tension in ways the stories couldn't do individually. Although having a fraction of the time with each of the characters than I would have in a movie telling only one

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.17503
Retrieved Text: The latest entry in the Hunger Games franchise, adapting the final book in Suzanne Collins’ young-adult dystopian future trilogy of books, has one big problem. It is very well done and Jennifer Lawrence turns in yet another terrific performance as Katniss Everdeen, the reluctant heroine at the heart of the books and the movies.
However, you can’t help shake the feeling that commerce has taken precedence over art (it usually does, but it’s not always as blatant as this) in the producers’ decision to turn one book into two movies. As a way of making some guaranteed bucks from the die-hard fans of the books, movies and Jennifer Lawrence, it’s a no-brainer (or so they think).This is the same sort of thinking that turned the final books in the Harry Potter and the Twilight series into two movies each and, in fact, turned The Hobbit into not just one, not even two, but three films – all to the detriment of the franchises, particularly the penultimate chapters, which often ended up being not much more than place holders for the final films in the series.
Mockingjay – Part I, however, does not just tread water. This is a much more political film than the first two entries in the series, giving us a slightly better understanding of the future imagined by Suzanne Collins, and serving as a neat exploration of the integral role played by propaganda in politics and war.
The games, which held centre stage in the first two movies, are absent this time around and hence some

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.751204
Retrieved Text: After a shaky start to the Planet of the Apes soft reboot, the series kicked it into high gear with its second chapter and has continued that momentum here with War for the Planet of the Apes, the third installment. This time out, humans and apes are officially at war. Except they already were last time. So why does this one get to be called “war”? There isn’t even a whole lot of war scenes or action in the movie! But there is an internal fight at its core, so that’s likely what we’re talking about. But there’s also still a war going on. Clever, movie.
Following the events of the last film, Caesar (Andy Serkis), an intelligent chimpanzee who speaks English and leads the rest of the apes, has taken his group to the woods in hopes of avoiding the humans with whom they’re at war. They’re eventually located by a group of soldiers led by a Colonel (Woody Harrelson), who kill, among others, Caesar’s wife and one of his children. Caesar and a couple of other apes head out to seek vengeance upon the Colonel—all while the other apes head to the purported safety of a faraway desert.
That … would probably be a good movie in its own right. A few vigilante apes pursuing and picking off a bunch of humans with little regard for their lives could make for a fun time. That’s not what we get, though. The movie takes a couple of different turns, becomes very talkative and features very little action

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.705748
Retrieved Text: One of my favorite things about the first X-Men movie was the relationship between Professor X and Magneto. They were supposed to be mortal enemies, but their past friendship was so strong that after years of being on opposite sides it was clear that respect and even affection still existed between them. I’ve been wishing for a prequel showing the beginnings of their friendship for years before this movie was announced.
X-Men: First Class is a fantastic movie. It’s visually pleasing, intellectually engaging, and emotionally satisfying. It easily surpasses the first one, which I also love, as my favorite X-Men movie. The whole cast is outstanding, and James McAvoy and Michael Fassbender definitely met my very high expectations as Charles and Erik. They had wonderful chemistry that made it easy to see how the characters’ friendship would have endured throughout their lives in spite of their differences.
My only complaint is that there should have been more scenes concentrating on Charles and Erik and developing their relationship. A significant chunk of the movie passed before they even met, and then the time that they spent together before their separation was surprisingly short. I’m not sure exactly how much time passed between their meeting and separation, but it’s certainly much less time than the first movie lead me to believe. However, I understand that the filmmakers had a lot to pack into one movie, and they did an incredible job.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.561539
Retrieved Text: Imagine you could make any movie you wanted to. Imagine you could pluck someone from obscurity and turn them into a superstar. Imagine you had control of an entire movie studio, competing with other studios to create box office hits and predicting what audiences want—from epic action films to campy B-movies. With The Movies, you can make it big in Hollywood by building the ultimate movie studio and shooting the ultimate picture. Choose a script and turn it into a major release. Pick or create actors and locations. Control budgets, build sets, hire and fire at will, settle into the director’s chair and film a hit. Customize unique movies within the game, then watch and review them, adding your very own voiceover or sound effects and saving them to your hard drive. E-mail your masterpieces to friends, upload them to the web or post them on The Movies’ official site for the world to see and vote on in online awards ceremonies. Just as you can create or modify unique films, you can create or modify actors, customizing their look and renaming them to resemble anyone you wish. You can even replicate every movie star currently in Hollywood and remake all your favorite films with them. Anything you’ve ever read about Hollywood—from starlet scandals to broken box office records—is right here in The Movies.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.560051
Retrieved Text: 4 1/2 stars. Superb film. so nice to watch a movie without special effects, car chases and gun play. A wonderful story about the relationship between a handicapped man and his caregiver. Loved it!
Unexpectedly good. With decent subtitles, I laughed at this more than I thought I would.
Connery is absolutely magnificent in this.
excellent, moving, funny, quality entertainment and stays with you.
yes, it was in the juno trailer right? see, my point excalty. always these rural/semi-urban settings, ultimately feel good movies which end up using that song. strange eh?
i laughed til i cried!!
i really hope pixar makes a sequel.
connery finally won his oscar for this splendid reboot of the classic crime series.
once the initial scenes were played and the characters were identified, the story played out with great skill. the actors were very well cast in their roles and, although there were english subtitles, it became easier to keep up as the movie progressed. it was sad, serious and funny but, above all, very moving and touching. every character was a study in itself and the film was quite delightful. i would see it again.
pixar have done it again!
funny, insightful and really enjoyable! take notes for what not to do in an interview!!
if you have to see one french movie in your lifetime, this should be it!
i highly recommend this movie. the dialogue is excellent! the two main characters have good chemistry and are perfect in their roles. and even though the subject matter is serious cluzet and sy manage to make the audience laugh. i thought

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.53949
Retrieved Text: Welcome to a post-apocalypse like none you've ever seen before. 9 is an animated movie produced by Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov (director of Nightwatch) with a visual style all of its own. It began life as a short film by Shane Acker – which you can see here – that impressed Burton so much he gave Acker the chance to turn it into a full length movie.
The story features the world’s first "sticthpunk" star, 9, who first comes to life in a post-apocalyptic world. All humans are gone, and it is only by chance that he discovers a small community of others like him taking refuge from fearsome machines that roam the earth intent on their extinction. Despite being the neophyte of the group, 9 convinces the others that hiding will do them no good. They must take the offensive if they are to survive, and they must discover why the machines want to destroy them in the first place. As they'll soon come to learn, the very future of civilisation may depend on them.
Voiced by one of the world’s most respected actors, Christopher Plummer (Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country), 1 is the Scientist's first creation. As the elder, he is the self-declared leader of the group. He is clever and sly, but also domineering, quick-tempered, and threatened by the new arrival of 9, whose higher intellect leads him to question authority.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.40504
Retrieved Text: Blink is the story of the long-reaching effects of sexual abuse and of one family's struggle with an emotionally abusive husband and father. Set in Wales, the play is based on a real-life investigation into the accusations against an authority figure at one school, and revolves around "twelve words that changed a life."
The play jump-cuts between soliloquies, past and present, and short, agonizing scenes. Si and Kay are young lovers, but she can't understand why he suddenly left town. She buries her hurt in a new marriage and baby. We see Si's father incapacitated and mute in a hospital bed where the mother can finally unleash years of unhappiness and tell him exactly what she thinks of him.
Si, after wandering for many years and bouncing from one girl and job to another, returns many years later to deal with his father's slow decline and finally with Kay. He must tell her the truth of why he left all those years ago, and see if there is anything left to salvage between them.
Actors Rhian Blythe as Kay, Lisa Palfrey as Mam, and Sion Pritchard as Si are a great team. For such emotionally fraught subject matter, the actors proceed on a mostly even keel. Even in the middle of breakdowns, their performances are rooted and solid. This speaks to their ability as actors, but keeps the play from feeling emotionally truthful. Because of this, the production lags. At two hours, it feels too long.
The interweaving of time periods and the individual characters' journeys are very well done,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.2577
Retrieved Text: Let me spare any of you who were contemplating it the waste of time that would be involved in watching X-Men Origins: Wolverine. For a movie involving Hugh Jackman, one of the biggest current stars, and Wolverine, one of the most popular X-Men, and the one with the biggest dramatic potential, this was a resounding flop. The plot was absolutely inane, indeed so non-existent that I couldn’t even begin to summarize it. The villains were not particularly villainous, largely because they couldn’t seem to make up their minds whether they wanted to kill Wolverine, capture him and experiment on him, or capture him and turn him into a dangerous weapon. Again and again, Wolverine was confronted with overwhelming force, and instead of either being killed or captured (as the odds would suggest), or decisively crushing his enemies (at least a definite plot maneuver, though contrary to the laws of probability), the fight seemed to fizzle out, and he walked away, only to start the whole thing over five minutes later in a new locale.
Essentially, Wolverine’s story is the most mysterious and tragic plot-line in the entire Marvel universe, and its potential was completely wasted in this movie, which, for all the dead bodies strewn around, failed to elicit any sincere emotion, or to make good use of any of the super-hero duels stuck randomly into the plot (I need to stop calling it a plot, because it wasn’t). Also the visual effects could not have been any worse if they had simply not used CGI; I’m

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.10629
Retrieved Text: It's been a while since I posted a review and since then I've seen two Marvel movie sequels. Captain America: The Winter Soldier and The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are the latest big-budget FX-heavy comic book films to be churned out of the Marvel Machine. Both films are solid follow-ups to the original movies. I was entertained by both but found Spider-Man to be slightly more engrossing and emotionally satisfying.
The Winter Soldier stars Chris Evans as Cap himself along with some Avengers stalwarts in Nick Fury (Sam Jackson) and Black Widow (the always welcome eye candy of Scarlett Johansson). New to the Captain America universe are Cap's military buddy Sam Wilson (AKA The Falcon) played by Anthony Mackie, Secretary Alexander Pierce (regally played by the always welcome Robert Redford) and The Winter Solider himself (who has a connection to the first film) played by Sebastian Stan.
This movie is action-packed and improves upon the rather slow original film. Big-budget effects mixed with some political overtones help move the story along at a good pace. Evans holds his own as the owner of the starred shield but the surprising glue of this movie is Samuel L. Jackson as Fury. Marvel has allowed Jackson to be showcased in this story and his power and importance to the Avengers as a whole is highlighted here.
Redford adds a sense of distinction and poise to the film and the chemistry between Evans and Johansson is solid. However, the movie feels a bit too long and I find myself not caring about Captain America

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.026228
Retrieved Text: ROBsessed™ - Addicted to Robert Pattinson: Robert Pattinson talks about his acting process, Good Time, Damsel and more!
Robert Pattinson talks about his acting process, Good Time, Damsel and more!
This was a solid interview from Business Insider while Rob was doing press in NYC this past week.
Robert Pattinson may be known best for the role that made him into a global superstar and tabloid obsession, playing Edward Cullen in the “Twilight” franchise, but he’s making it very hard for everyone to keep him in that box.
In his latest movie, “Good Time” (in select theaters Friday, nationwide August 25), Pattinson gives the best performance of his career so far playing Connie, a petty criminal who sets out on a mission to bail his mentally challenged brother out of prison. After the two botch a bank robbery, we follow Connie in a bizarre journey through New York, in which everything he does completely goes wrong. To morph into a greasy Queens hood, the 31-year-old actor spent months working with directors Josh and Benny Safdie (Benny plays Connie’s brother in the movie) before shooting began, which included dressing in character and doing improvised performances with Benny in public.
With a cluster of eager paparazzi waiting outside, Business Insider chatter with Pattinson at the Bowery Hotel in New York City to discuss his new role, why he spends so much time on movie websites, and with more “Twilight” movies to come, if he’d ever consider playing Edward Cullen again.
Jason Guerrasio: You've said in interviews that it's seeing a picture of the Safdie's

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.954618
Retrieved Text: Director/screenwriter/producer Gavin O’Connor first became aware of mix-martial arts when he produced the HBO documentary, The Smashing Machine: The Life and Times of Mark Kerr, who participated in this dangerous sport. This sparked O’Connor’s desire to make a fictional film set in that world.
In Warrior Tom Hardy portrays Marine Tommy Conlon, who returns home after fourteen years to implore his father, Paddy (Nick Nolte), to train him for Sparta, the biggest winner-take-all event in mixed martial arts history. A former wrestler, Tommy easily makes his way towards the championship.
Tommy’s estranged brother Brendan (Joel Edgerton), an ex-fighter-turned teacher, picks up his boxing gloves again in order to prevent his family from financial ruin.
Their destiny is unstoppable, and the two brothers must finally confront each other … in the ring.
Can you talk about the world of mix-martial arts and why you decided to set a film around it?
I had executive produced a HBO documentary years ago called The Smashing Machine, which was my introduction to the sport, and I’ve been following it since.
Knowing what I wanted to do with the movie I thought mix-martial arts hadn’t really been dramatized or portrayed in the cinema yet, so I thought it was something that we could do.
Your two leads are relatively unknown actors, what was the process of casting them?
I met with a lot of actors going in. I didn’t want to meet movie stars so the challenge was finding not only people who were right for the roles, but who could potentially pop off the [screen].
After seeing hundreds of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.72093
Retrieved Text: Vincent Chase is a huge movie star and when offered the lead in a new film he demands directing duties as well causing many problems for him and his friends.
Doug Ellin ties up the journey that was the HBO series, bringing to an end the journey of Vinny and his mates Eric, Turtle and Drama and Vinny’s agent, Ari Gold in Hollywood.
In 2004, Ellin released the first series of Entourage on HBO; an entertaining look at the world of four young friends from Queens, New York chronicling the rising movie star that is Vincent Chase (Adrian Grenier) in Hollywood, Los Angeles and his three childhood friends, Eric (Kevin Connolly), Turtle (Jerry Ferrara) and Johnny ‘Drama’ Chase (Kevin Dillon), Vincent’s actor brother.
It was new and refreshing, taking a leaf out of The Larry Sanders Show by having various actors and directors playing ‘themselves’ (really a chance for them to subvert their public persona and have a little or a lottle fun).
Over the eight seasons the quality varied, characters didn’t always grow and develop and the stories became a little repetitive at times but it was mostly highly entertaining. The last series was a bit disappointing, fizzling out and tying up loose ends and now there is a film. Warranted? Hmm, not sure. I would rather watch this than a bunch of usual fare from HollyWould; it is basically four episodes of the series made into one story and it is fun and enjoyable, albeit treading the same ground it has already done. It is not the best

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.667398
Retrieved Text: When the Ann Arbor, MI-based startup Larky launched its mobile app and website in April, its mission was to aggregate the many discounts offered by alumni associations, stores like Costco, organizations like AAA and AARP, and other groups looking to add value to their memberships.
The problem, says co-founder Andrew Bank, was that Larky’s research found that 175 million people were members of at least three organizations offering member discounts, but 72 percent didn’t know what their discounts were or how to get them. Merchants also weren’t asking customers if they qualify for a discount at the point of sale.
Larky’s app gives users a consolidated view of all their memberships and, using GPS coordinates, sends a push notification to users’ phones when they’re near a member discount. The app functions as a mobile wallet for discount cards, and Bank says it’s “silly simple” to sign up—users indicate which organizations they belong to on a checklist. No membership numbers are required, he adds. According to Blank, the average Larky user has seven memberships and can save up to $1,000 per year using Larky.
On Wednesday, Larky announced a new partnership with the health insurance giant Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan in an effort to increase BCBSM members’ participation in the Healthy Blue Xtras program, which offers discounts from Michigan merchants centered around a healthy lifestyle. Bank and his wife have been BCBSM members for about 10 years, he says, and yet they had no idea the program existed. Once they discovered it, Bank says he contacted Blue Cross

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.311394
Retrieved Text: Zootropolis is full of lovely ideas, satisfying wit and charismatic characters. In the progressive city of Zootropolis, predator and prey live in harmony without judgement or threat. New on the job, young and ambitious Judy Hopps, the first Rabbit Police Officer in the city’s history, is determined to make a difference. When a variety of different animals go missing, Judy must try to solve the case – with the help of a con-artist Fox. Everyone and everything is holding Judy back. Prejudice, judgement and preconception meet Judy at every turn. Relentless and determined, she presses on to try and solve the mystery. Zootropolis speaks to all ages with its humour and has meatier messages for its older audiences. Deeply timely, Zootropolis deals with cultural divides, the dangers of social generalisation and deeper issues regarding immigration, injustice and stereotyping. Through the story of one young bunny’s adventures in the big city, Disney have brought us clever and relevant food-for-thought along with nice enough entertainment for the whole family. Not as outstanding as I wished it to be, Zootropolis remains very very good; rich in plot twists, moral tales and emotional central themes. Trying to cover too many bases at times, the film loses momentum in its final act but remains a joyous experience and a must see during these Easter school holidays.
Ginnifer Goodwin voices Judy, bringing us a cinematic Leslie Knope (Parks & Recreation) who is instantly loveable and respectable for her fierce determination and bold nature. Jason Bateman is Nick, a flawed and cynical sidekick. Both

================



======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.095736
Retrieved Text: A mixture of humor and horror makes this film a fun ride. Downstairs uses clever and slightly humorous dialogue to disarm viewers. Just at the point it can turn into comedy, the film is able to pull itself back into the horror genre. This is so as there is proper use of shock throughout the rising and concluding scenes. These shocks are further coupled with ample believable "dead" make up on actors. This film deserves 4 stars throughout its humorous start and its frightening finish.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.000496
Retrieved Text: Just in time for Earth Day, Disneynature Films has released its newest documentary, this time about the Adélie penguins in Antarctica. Intended for both kids and adults, this nature documentary brings a warm perspective to the cold life of penguins in Antartica.
Narrated by Ed Helms (“The Office," “The Hangover”), the film follows Steve, an awkward yet relatable Adélie penguin. In contrast to the majesty that Morgan Freeman brought to the famous tale of emperor penguins in "March of the Penguins," Helms’ narration brings goofiness and warmth, providing a humorous balance to the harsh reality of the cold and challenging environment the Adélie penguins face in Antarctica.
Like many previous Disneynature films, the "Penguins" film crew spent four years immersed in the elements of Antarctica, collecting hundreds of hours of film that would then be used to tell the 76-minute “coming of age” story. Through the cinematography, the audience gets a chance to experience up close the competing grace and awkwardness of the Adélie penguin as it unfolds both on land and in the sea.
The result is an endearing documentary, capturing both the wonder of Antarctica and the drama of the everyday life of penguins. Some parts of the movie drag a bit, and at times Helms' bounce between scientific narrator and first person voice of Steve is a bit awkward.
Overall, kids will enjoy the story's humorous moments punctuated by a couple barf jokes — always popular with the under-12 crowd. Meanwhile, their Gen-X and Millennial parents may find the story of the struggles of parenting familiar. They

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.32217
Retrieved Text: Alan, on the other hand, is more on layaway than on standby, since he never really got over Alice and just settled for the norm rather than face his fear of flying. Fortunately, though, this chance encounter forces Alan and Alice to revisit and potentially rekindle old feelings with one last night on the town. Pints of Guinness abound as Alan and Alice reminisce about the past and flirt with the reasons why things never worked out. Alan and Alice, both shy and hesitant, simply seem tired of flying Ryanair, to keep the airline metaphors going.
Alan takes Alice through some of the best Dublin hotspots, tagging along his co-worker Beatrice (Francesca Cherruault) as a stand-in for his current girlfriend to show Alice that he’s moved on. Paré and Gleeson are both very likable leads, but Cherruault is a scene-stealer with her sassy performance as Alan’s French colleague. Dry and cynical, and flirty and impulsive, Beatrice offers a fun counterpoint to the resigned, ho-hum life over which both Alan and Alice hover. The film suffers somewhat, then, when Cherruault exits the picture, but Standby then changes tone and tips its wings from bubbly rom-com to a more mature Before Sunset-y two-hander as Gleeson and Paré confront the feelings that linger between the two leads. The picturesque sights of Dublin are dreamy and exciting: they’re post-card perfect sights for the romanticism that both lovers need to escape.
Standby is sweet and amusing as it takes the would-be/should-be lovers on a tour of Irish watering holes that bring slowly let

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.95253
Retrieved Text: Kyle Beal’s exhibition Roulette is an installation that asks the viewer to explore a hallway lined with doors; to literally linger in a passageway. In the 1967 film Playtime Jacques Tati creates a humorous critique on modernity as the film follows two separate characters throughout a thoroughly modern Paris continuously absorbed by the sites, sounds, and gadgetry of the large metropolis. Throughout the film we can’t help but find humour in the discombobulating and angst Mosieur Hulot (played by Tati himself) experiences as he goes about his day. The female protagonist, an insouciant American tourist who haphazardly discovers Paris on her own terms, contrasts this. The two main characters’ days overlap throughout the film juxtaposing playfulness and disorientation. Beal’s hallway of doors reminds us of the ‘fun house’ and the disorientating yet playful interventions it flaunts. Like Tati – Beal draws on simple oddities of modernity and the unsuspecting disorientations we experience and discover as we move through space and time. Once inside the hallway we are surrounded with multiple closed doors - each having their own function giving us a curious but sublime feeling of alienation.
Beauty can be far too limiting as a term for an art object, so we instead look at the object’s aesthetic value. An object like Beal’s hallway is interactive and the observer transitions into an active aesthetic engagement. Our experience within the hallway is characterized by the condition that we do not ask anything of the hallway itself but take pleasure in the contemplation of the playfulness it boasts.
In the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.160444
Retrieved Text: Are you looking to retire in a few years & worry you may run out of money?
Posted on 30. Oct, 2010 by admin.
Watch our humorous video where Richard meets with Bob who is 62 years old and looking to retire in a few years. Bob is worried about sustaining his current lifestyle for himself and his wife in his retirement years and running out of money. Richard informs Bob how he and the team at Abound Financial Planning Ascot Vale can help him.
Are you in your 30’s & ready to get help regarding your financial future?
Watch our humorous video where Clinton welcomes Sally to Abound Financial & Lifestyle Planning. Clinton explains to Sally how easy it can be to take her first step to gaining peace of mind and get help with a financial plan to achieve her lifestyle and financial goals!
Posted on 27. Oct, 2010 by admin.
When someone dies it’s fair to say there are a range of issues the family has to deal with including organising a funeral, financial considerations, processing insurance claims, gathering all data from accounts, changing property titles not to mention the emotional trauma.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.735542
Retrieved Text: What’s your passion – are you ready to follow your dreams? Share ideas, inspiration and resources with others here. While no trust fund is necessary, you must be willing to live without boundaries and limits – to set your own style and follow your dreams wherever they may take you.
While the world is vast – and opportunities for a “chocka” life abound – it can be difficult to know where to start and what to do. The community on this site is here to help make the world and its opportunities just a little bit easier to navigate.
Taking action despite your fears is essential to living a bold life. Find ideas, resources and how others have taken the leap and followed their dreams to an adventurous life. What inspires you?
At no other time in your life is there so much opportunity freely available if you know where to look. But that might be part of the problem – where to look and what to do – and everything is about timing here. Some opportunities are only available while you’re still in school and some only right after – you need to know what to take advantage of and when. If your timing is good and you want to do it all – you can.
Deciding to live in a resort community is easy. The hard part is finding a place to live and a job that allows you to enjoy the reasons you moved there in the first place. Making it work requires tenacity, boldness and a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.709612
Retrieved Text: Really pleased that our 'Anyone Can Be a Star' song has been scheduled as our new single, out 12 March. You can stream it on Spotify here, and the press release is below.
The idea behind Five Grand Stereo is to take a 1970s band, shove it in a time machine, deposit it in 2018 and ask its members to make a record about the world they find themselves in.
The result: darkly humorous, occasionally theatrical songs with huge choruses.
Their new single Anyone Can Be a Star sums up what Five Grand Stereo are all about. Three-part harmonies, dueling guitars, big string lines, punchy brass and above all, soaring melodies abound.
Classic artists like Marc Bolan, Bryan Ferry, Frank Zappa, Lou Reed, The Beatles and David Bowie are referenced sonically, but put through Five Grand Stereo's proprietary blender to create a uniquely memorable track (about a young female singer’s experience on a slightly jaded reality TV show).
With a healthy dose of cynicism running through its veins, Anyone Can Be a Star conjures up the sounds of 1975…to take a pop at post-truth 2018.
Five Grand Stereo are Chris Singleton (vocals, guitar, piano); Jane Fraser (vocals); Stelios Kalisperides (guitars); Michael Kirkland (sax and synths); Zane Maertens (bass) and Ben Woollacott (drums).
The band are based in London but have a strong Irish contingent: Chris hails from Dublin, and Jane is from Limerick.
Five Grand Stereo play The Grand Social, Dublin on 10 April and Dolan’s, Limerick on 11 April as part of a series of UK and Ireland dates. See live section for

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.872213
Retrieved Text: Following the screening of two films from the Brazilian state of Pernambuco, UCLA's Randal Johnson led a discussion about the unique school of film emerging in the country's northeast.
UCLA International Institute, October 13, 2016 — Pernambuco, the Brazilian state long famed for its beaches and carnivals, is now emerging as a cinematic powerhouse. Two films from the state, “João Heleno dos Brito” and “Big Jato,” were screened in UCLA’s James Bridges Theater on October 5, 2016, as part of Pernambuco Beat Week. The weeklong celebration of the arts and culture of Pernambuco was sponsored by the Brazilian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the UCLA Department of Spanish and Portuguese, the Brazilian Digital Channel International and the UCLA Center for Brazilian Studies.
“João Heleno dos Brito” (a Brazilian name which sounds remarkably like “John Lennon of the Beatles” in Portuguese), directed by Neco Tabosa, is a slapstick, western-style short film detailing a bloody feud between two families. The slightly more serious feature film, “Big Jato” (Portuguese for “Big Jet”), directed by Cláudio Assis, follows a teenage boy from the interior of Pernambuco whose dreams of being a poet are derided by his alcoholic father.
Both films juxtapose absurdist humor with melancholy to highlight the culture of Pernambuco. The directors cleverly utilize Beatlemania and septic tanks, respectively, as both symbols of the challenges of provincial life and metaphors for their characters’ longing for different lives. Bright colors abound, as do shots of the beautiful natural landscape of Pernambuco. The role that place, family and home play in forming identity was also

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.75149
Retrieved Text: ❶What is a metaphor of embarrassment?
O red fruit, ivory, fine timbers! She feels as huge as an elephant or a bulky building. Her self-image wraps itself around her growing body. Her stomach reminds her of a watermelon in its shape and size; and her legs are the vines that shoot out.
This is a humorous image with the watermelon tummy and the skinny legs supporting it. It is what she has inside of her that is valued not the woman herself. It is the good wood, the prized elephant tusks for which the elephant must die; and the tasty meat of the melon that are important not the pregnant woman. When it is warm, the yeast works to make the bread loaf expand. The same is true of the pregnancy. Again, it is the mommy versus the baby. The apples refer to the Garden of Eden.
Eve ate one apple and was banned from God. This lady ate the whole bag. It was Eve who led Adam astray; therefore, she must suffer for it. The pain may feel like the person has eaten an entire bag of green apples which would cause a terrible stomach ache. The green apples are not ripe.
They need more time on the tree to be ready to eat. The woman may not be ready for the experience that she has undertaken.
Donuts are rings of sweetness. Stop barking at me! I think he ruffled his feathers. Extended In an extended metaphor, one comparison is made between a single subject and a comparison, but the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.584854
Retrieved Text: So the news of his transformation is impressive: in 2017 will close its doors for three years and most of the suites will be converted into Waldorf Astoria Park City bridal shoot perfectly peared, according to reports in US media.
Of the 1,413 rooms will only be kept between 300 and 500, while the rest of the rooms of one of the most famous hotels in the world will be part of a new building in Attention 2 Detail Events.
It is recalled that the Chinese company paid him in 2014 Anbang Hilton Worldwide Holdings, which will continue to lead the property in its reapertura- about 1,950 million dollars, a record for a hotel in the United States.
When the Art Deco building, designed by the architects Schultze and Weaver reopen in the Park and Lexington avenues by 2020, will develop some who held in their golden years, when was the favorite of celebrities and businessmen, as well as figures like Winston Churchill, the Duke, and Duchess of Windsor or Cole Porter? Moreover, in its presidential suite, they have hosted every US president since Herbert Hoover.
The bride arrives on foot wound and dirty after the tragedy, with two corpses on the horse. He wants his mother to kill her, but nothing matters.
This passage begins the adaptation of Blood Wedding by Federico Garcia Lorca, who Paula Ortiz presented in the Zabaltegi section of San Sebastian. The bride is a film with such beauty that overwhelms.
It is shot in Aragon in a short time and with little means, but its value

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.42849
Retrieved Text: Mumbai city’s much-loved Jio MAMI Mumbai Film Festival has come to an end. This year at its 19th edition, the festival attracted film buffs and fraternity members as always.
The Mumbai Film Festival, as certain delegates would vouch for, is different from other Government-run festivals in India. The organizers – MAMI (Mumbai Academy of Moving Images) – understand the need for a festival that celebrates cinema in the city that houses the most number of film professionals and aspirants. Mumbai, however, is a hub of so many things and it is likely that the festival (probably) doesn’t make as much news in the local media as it’s counterparts in Panaji and Kerala do. But who cares as long as it brings some of the finest of cinema titles – Indian and International – to the city of dreams!
Here is a countdown of 10 fantastic films from the festival’s 2017 edition that was held from October 12 to 18th.
Director Sebastian Lelio’s artistically photographed, A Fantastic Woman tells the tale of a trans-woman, Marina Vidal (Daniela Vega) who finds herself to be the pivot of suspicion and hate when her partner passes away unexpectedly. Although slightly reminiscent of the maker’s own 2013 feature film Gloria, the film is assertive enough to make us empathize with Marina’s sorrow. With its terrific usage of music and Vega’s assuring debut performance, the film makes for an engaging watch.
A sweet feel-good drama works like a balm in a film festival that otherwise abounds in films with heavy-duty themes. Colombian filmmaker Samir Oliveros’s Bad

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.410456
Retrieved Text: On Friday July 4th, 2014, the feature film Sam & Me will bring fireworks to the big screen. That's when the patriotic-themed political satire will premiere in South Florida (details coming soon).
"Principal photography wraps up January 31st, and the months of February through June will be spent in post-production," said Brian Kirk, director / writer of the film.
"There's no date like July 4th in American history, and since this film has its own subtle revolutionary themes, we can't think of a more perfect release date than Independence Day," continued Kirk. The fact that this year July 4th lands on a Friday means the movie gods are indeed smiling on this project.
Sam & Me personifies the federal government through "Uncle Sam" Armstrong (played by Craig Henne) and his nephew Kevin (played by Kirk). Uncle Sam is a bloated, addicted has-been, who demands more and more from his nephew, ultimately bringing them both to the breaking point.
Kirk said the goal from the beginning was to produce a humorous, well done film, and that the political themes were secondary to the artistic value of the project.
"However, the fact that 72% of Americans now see big government as our biggest threat means our target audience is much larger than we initially projected. The issues we present will resonate with a vast super-majority of Americans, going past traditional party labels."
Kirk always wanted to make a film that his atheist & leftist friends could enjoy as well.
"This isn't a niche film, really, but very few fictional feature films are targeted toward a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.864351
Retrieved Text: Hey look, the content on this site has already dramatically dropped! Hooray #GradSkool! But seriously folks, I am already knee deep in research, but it is my solemn duty to bring you something every week, even if it is short and incoherent and written after midnight (as tonight’s quite incomprehensible entry surely is). Again, as every two weeks, there is a new Cinephiliacs out there. This one has Bilge Ebiri talking quite intelligently about Bertolucci, Malick, Nolan, and especially Kubrick as we dive into Barry Lyndon. So check that out. Also, look for stuff related to the New York Film Festival soon! Press screenings begin Monday, and I’m going to have some exciting announcements soon related to it.
-The World, 2004. Directed by Jia Zhangkie. 35mm projection at Film Society of Lincoln Center.
-Silent Light, 2007. Directed by Carlos Reygadas. 35mm projection at Film Society of Lincoln Center.
-/M/, 1931. Directed by Fritz Lang. Blu-Ray.
-Cooley High, 1975. Directed by Michael Schultz. 35mm projection at 92Y Tribeca.
-After Life, 1998. Directed by Hirokazu Kore-eda. DVD.
-The PianoTuner of EarthQuakes, 2005. Directed by Stephen and Timothy Quay. 35mm projection at Museum of Modern Art.
Carlos Reygadas’s Silent Light might be the definition of a termite film trapped in a white elephant body, to borrow a bit of Farber-speak, though I’m totally using that wrong. Everything in the film, which is built around small, almost silent moments, is embedded with extremely deep and complex meaning. No moment is meant to be just a moment, but actually a transcendent push toward God and beyond. And yet,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.641436
Retrieved Text: I originally had one of the MHX film type protectors, which worked great! I have a pretty heavy hand though and sliced through it within a month or two of installing. I recently got the 9HO since its the strongest you carry. So far, I love it. Relatively easy to install since its such a large screen for me, bubbles always push out pretty easy and it hides old, smaller scratches on the tablet itself. I don't mind the shine on it, but if you work in an environment that would bother you, go for one of the less shiny film types.
Happy drawing, Shelby! The 9HO is a great choice for you!
Pros: Customer Service and Installation guide and materials. Cons: None.
Photodon's customer service is superb - I just wanted to put that out there first. Beyond that, I've tested three products on my Cintiq. the MXH, MXO, and 6HS. If you're looking for a screen protector that emulates the appearance and texture of the Cintiq factory screen face, the MXH is virtually identical. If you wish to have complete clarity with a smoother surface, go with the MXO (this is what I settled on since visual clarity is key for me, as the default screen texture and MXH actually blur the pixels ever so slightly. The 6HS, although stronger than the MXO, does deflect and give under stylus pressure, and this pressure leaves permanent indentions in the screen protector. If you have a very light touch, I'd go with the 6HS, but I have my moments

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.474325
Retrieved Text: *This post is part of Ryan McNeill’s Blind Spots series.
Francois Truffaut’s first film, The 400 Blows, tells the story of Antoine Doinel, a troubled teenage boy living in a small apartment in Paris with her mother and stepfather. Antoine’s mother is an adulterous woman who puts her career and romantic affairs ahead of her son – whom we learn she wanted to abort. His stepfather is only slightly more attentive but equally unloving. Antoine lives at home but feels far from it. His travails at school are even more troublesome. Antoine isn’t just misunderstood, but unfortunate as well. He gets caught with a pinup calendar being passed around by the rest of the class, and caught again while returning a stolen typewriter.
The ending to this bleakly humorous tale of adolescence is a zoom in on a freeze frame of Antoine’s face as he turns away from the sea. He’s always wished to see the shore and, escaping from a penitentiary school, he finally finds the chance to smell freedom at bay. This single frame is, without exaggeration, the perfect ending – if there ever was one – and one of the greatest film endings of all time, if not the greatest. It’s a moment that fills one with raging emotions, captured romantically in the distant haze of our young anti-hero. It closes a chapter in Antoine’s life and opens the rest of it. It captures the feeling of being troubled, confused, free, captive, hopeful and helpless. It captures what it means to be a boy.
Francois Truffaut

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.395502
Retrieved Text: Many of today’s adults had seized each and every opportunity to catch the latest 3D movie as they were growing up. These same people, excited to share the joy of such advanced films with their families, may be surprised to discover that 3D entertainment now holds far more than the magic they had once experienced; they hold power to cause nausea and dizziness that prevents full entertainment value.
Have you noticed that your ability to get into 3D entertainment has diminished as you have gotten older? It’s not because you lack your childhood joy for the living; it is much more likely that the problem is your eyes.
3D works by overlapping images. This is a subtle overlap, but just enough to change the way images are interpreted by the brain. The original form of 3D imaging is already in place in the eyes. If you look only through one eye at a time, you will observe this. See how each eye has its subtle differential in how your environment appears? That is the basis of 3D films.
To recreate what occurs naturally when the eyes take in information and send it to the brain, 3D flicks are filmed in the same fashion that we see in “real life.” Two lenses are used, and they are set a few inches apart. This mimics the set of the eyes on the average face. So, when the film is then projected onto the big screen, what is present are two slightly different views. If you were to try to look at

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.32883
Retrieved Text: I first saw this humorous gender stereotype clip in my college sociology class. It was one of those moments where you know it’s true but you can’t help but laugh at it in agreement. Some may go overboard with the layout when it comes to targeting our gender differences but it’s not about that at all, it’s just the generality of the kind of character one may possess. I certainly don’t have many similarities to these said differences like the clip, but there are some where I can wholeheartedly agree to and that’s the fun of it all. Take a short break and enjoy the short film!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.318716
Retrieved Text: Flowering plants and gardens are potent metaphors in Islamic culture. They evoke the splendor of paradise and signify the realization of perfection, likened to the spiritual path of grace.
Throughout the Islamic world, architectural surfaces, textiles. and luxury objects abound with floral imagery. Paintings from the Muslim kingdoms of India are celebrated for their sometimes abstract, but always wonderful representations of over-sized, flowering plants.
In this wonderful Mughal Floral artwork, by enclosing a colorful plant within an illuminated script border , enlarging its scale and isolating it in the center of the painting, the artist has created a stunning floral portrait.
Buy it today for your collection or decor.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.298914
Retrieved Text: Cannes is one of the most prestigious film festivals in the world, and this year Musicbed was invited to host a workshop on music licensing for the increasingly popular Short Film Corner. The trip ended up being an unexpectedly rewarding adventure for the four of us who went. It confirmed just how much we love films and how much we love the filmmaking community. Here are a few highlights.
On the way to Cannes, we decided to take a brief detour to visit our friend Philip Bloom in London and our exclusive artist (and friend) Liza Anne in Paris. We really wanted to maximize our Europe travels and get some face-to-face time with our pals who have contributed so much to Musicbed. The scenic pit-stops weren't bad, either. Don’t worry — we brought along all of our film gear (seriously, all of it), so you’ll be seeing a few exclusive videos with Philip and Liza very soon.
There was a lot of genuine interest in the marriage of music and film: both the legality and the artistry.
We were so impressed by the learning/sharing environment created by the (beautifully hospitable and humorous) Cannes Short Film staff. Our team was so excited to show the more educational side of Musicbed with tons of filmmakers over the course of a couple presentations followed by some meaty Q&A sessions.
After speaking to crowds of filmmakers about how to find the perfect score for their film, the art of working with composers, and breaking down the legalities of the licensing process -- we felt

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.120134
Retrieved Text: This year I am thankful for many things. Among these is my discovery and appreciation for this category: Short Film, Animated. Some of the best work I’ve seen for some time is being done here. As a dear friend helped me understand, the genre enjoys the larger freedom than a real-action film allows, and simultaneously challenges the viewer to embark on a complete story in 40 minutes, including credits, or less. In most cases, the run time is much less – more like 10 minutes or so – a manageable period of wonder to incorporate into your life on any given day.
Head of Heels in wonderful.
After many years of marriage, Walter and Madge have grown apart: he lives on the floor and she lives on the ceiling. They live separate, parallel lives, never talking, barely even looking at each other. When Walter tries to reignite their old romance, it brings their equilibrium crashing down, and the couple that can’t agree which way is up must find a way to put their marriage back together.
HEAD OVER HEELS is a stop-motion animated short film written and directed by Timothy Reckart at the National Film and Television School. A team of eleven students made the film over the course of 15 months.
Animation allows an added dimension to story-telling, allowing the use of devices not easy to introduce into live-action films. I think that is why, year after year, my heart has resonated with animated films.
In Heads Over Heels, a world is literally turned upside down. A man lives on

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.087257
Retrieved Text: I have got to hand it to Will Ferrell. In recent times, it seems like some have soured on some of his antics, which can happen to a lot of comedic stars who make a lot of movies that can be generally categorized in a similar way. I like Will Ferrell quite a bit, he makes me genuinely laugh, but more importantly, while it may not seem immediately apparent to some, he takes a lot of chances with his films. One can point to some of his roles and see a lot of the same elements shining through, but beyond some of the goofiness that he exudes (which, again, continues to make me laugh), there are some interesting choices being made. The one that provides the subject for this review is his Spanish language film, Casa de Mi Padre, a passion project of sorts, which has been independently financed and put out in limited release. It is not a great film, but I did laugh quite a bit during it and admired this weird, experimental parody of telenovelas.
The film has a very simple story, acting as an overdramatic telenovela (a Mexican soap opera-type story). Armando Alvarez (Will Ferrell) has lived and worked on his father's ranch in Mexico throughout his life. Armando has been witness to the evil being committed by men out in the middle of country, but he only wishes to keep things simple. Armando's younger brother, Raul (Diego Luna), shows up with his new fiancée, Sonia (Génesis Rodríguez) and shows off how successful

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.02343
Retrieved Text: 1) A mink, a fink, a skating rink: what is a noun?
2) Hairy, scary, ordinary: what is an adjective?
3) To root, to toot, to parachute: what is a verb?
4) Under, over, by the clover: what is a preposition?
In this fun-filled book, playful puns and comical cartoon cats combine to show, not tell, readers what prepositions are all about. This is the newest addition to the Words Are CATagorical series, which has sold more than 450,000 copies.
5) Dearly, nearly, insincerely: what is an adverb?
Rhyming text and illustrations present numerous examples of adverbs and their functions.
6) I and you and don't forget who: what is a pronoun?
7) How much can a bare bear bear?: what are homonyms and homophones?
8) Pitch and throw, grasp and know: what is a synonym?
10) Stop and go, yes and no: what is an antonym?
One book is never enough to explore the wide range of verbs! The crazy cats deliver loads of additional examples to illustrate the power of both action verbs and linking verbs. Brian P. Cleary's playful verse and Brian Gable's comical cats turn traditional grammar lessons on end. Each verb is printed in color for easy identification. Read this book aloud and share the delight of the sense and nonsense of words.
15) Skin like milk, hair of silk: what are similes and metaphors?
Provides humorous explanations of similes and metaphors.
17) But and for, yet and nor: what is a conjunction?
Teaches grammar using rhyming text, humor, and illustrations. Key conjunctions appear in color for easy identification.
18) Cool! whoa! ah! and oh!: what is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.971542
Retrieved Text: As those who know me, and if such a person exists, cyberstalk me, know I created this blog after writing on another site, which shall remain nameless, for a while. The point is, I have material sitting around waiting to be re-used, on occasion I will re-post them here. Some of those articles or reviews may have been extemporaneous at the time but are slightly random now, hence the new title and little intro, regardless enjoy!
With reports already abound that the writers are and have been crafting a sequel since before the premiere the makers of Diary of a Wimpy Kid seemed like they would be getting off on the wrong foot by immediately violating one of my recommended cinematic resolutions (A piece I wrote at the start of that year urged studios to wait on sequel announcements). This is not the case, however, as for the most part there are few missteps and many, many positives in this funny family film that really is likely to please the whole family.
The first thing this film does right was to not fall into the in-and-out no one gets hurt motto of family-friendly filmmaking, which means they were unafraid of a slower pace which feels longer than it is and tells a lot of story. Even better is that you don’t really feel it at all because there’s plenty story there and no filler.
What allows this film to so easily tackle the extra running time is not only the fact that it takes a diary approach, starting just

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.918728
Retrieved Text: The Good Dinosaur is a story that takes place if dinosaurs still walked the Earth. It’s centered on a young dinosaur, Arlo, who is afraid of everything and can’t seem to make his mark in life or with his family. After a series of tragic accidents Arlo ends up lost, miles from his home, and blames a “critter” (a human boy) for all of his misfortune. Somehow, he must find his way back home through the dangerous countryside. He reluctantly starts a friendship with the aforementioned human boy he names “Spot” as they struggle to survive.
The movie gets a lot of humorous mileage out of the dynamic duo of Arlo and Spot. Arlo is the emotional core of the movie. Despite his fearful nature, he’s really a brave and lovable goofball with a heart of gold. Spot, meanwhile, is his mirror opposite--wild, unkempt, brave, and extremely loyal. He’s a daring rascal who has his own tragic past. Their budding friendship never feels forced. They feed, protect, and learn about the other and get into several crazy mishaps along their journey. Spot becomes the very catalyst for Arlo’s transformation from coward to hero. He inspires Arlo to be brave and helps him to grieve. Their relationship grows from one of resentment (on Arlo’s part) to one of true friendship.
Although The Good Dinosaur isn’t one of Pixar’s “great” films, it's still a funny and entertaining movie. It’s brilliantly animated and voiced with the professional ease you’ve come to expect from a Pixar film. The movie plays on western

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.864151
Retrieved Text: Featuring a stellar voice cast, technically dazzling animation, and loads of good humor, Antz should delight both children and adults.
Hilarious stuff, superbly achieving that elusive goal of being entertaining kids fare and having a lot to offer the adults.
In a world of cookie-cutter movies at least it tries a bunch of weird stuff.
Amid all the ingenuity and smartness, the work fails to move and contains little wonderment - ironically appropriating the zealous industry of its on-screen ants.
The best thing about watching this entertaining film is seeing Woody Allen's fingerprints all over it, mainly in the protagonist's insecurities and neurosis, even though the animation doesn't seem really fluid or natural when it comes to its wooden-faced, stiff-looking characters.
Brilliant animated feature, Antz is a fun, entertaining picture that is a must watch for viewers of all ages. What makes the film work so well is the varied cast of talented voice actors who bring great characters alive, and it is elevated with a great story and stunning animation. I heavily enjoyed the film, and though it was a worthy film to watch, And what's great about the film, is that it wasn't made by Pixar, and it just goes to show that other studios have managed to get animated magic as well with their features. Antz is a well made feature, a film that looks stunning, and is fun to look at and enjoy. The story is engaging as well, and the cast, like I stated is wonderful, and they each bring some terrific voice acting to the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.773209
Retrieved Text: After attending Andy T Austin’s Metaphors of Movement training course last week in London. I though I would write a short review to help anyone who is considering taking any of Andy’s training courses.
‘But what’s it like?’ I hear you ask…..
I have a number of Andy’s products which are all excellent value for money! Metaphors in my Attic was the starting point for me, after Andy very kindly gave me a free subscription. I found the online course to be both interesting and entertaining, yet full of very useful information. So when I had the opportunity to attend the Metaphors of Movement training in London, I decided it was time to meet the man himself.
I had contacted Andy prior to booking the training as I wanted to make sure I would be learning more than the content of Metaphors in my Attic. Andy replied saying there was a lot of overlap but many new features.
Looking back at the course now I can say it was definitely worth attending. It made the Metaphors in my Attic seem like an introduction to the subject. The course was so information dense it was like being at the centre of a neutron star and trying to take it all in!
I think its one of those courses I could attend a second time and still get even more out of it. The collection of people would be different, the metaphors presented and examined would be new and Andy will probably have updated the content with more discoveries and developments!
I will be

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.729965
Retrieved Text: Titles signal organizational authority, but true leadership extends beyond formal titles. The best leaders see possibility in ambiguity, and draw on intangible skills to pursue important opportunities. Leaders must be authentic, and effective leadership demands creativity, courage, and judgement that are honed with experience.
Beliefs > behaviors > outcomes. Beliefs are critically important and rarely challenged, yet they always determine behavior. Leaders must help their teams to recognize (often subconscious) beliefs in order to create lasting change.
Organizations are complex adaptive systems.
Organizations are not machines; they resemble living organisms, changing and adapting along with their environment. Few organizations exist in closed systems, and leaders must consider how internal and external forces might influence their organization. For example, new rules and technologies often impact systems in unexpected ways.
Complicated and complex challenges are different.
Landing on the moon is complicated; however, scientists understand the relationship between cause and effect, and can solve this problem with enough expertise, information, and resources. In contrast, human interactions are complex; cause and effect can only be understood retroactively, and hindsight does not ensure foresight. Complex problems defy precision, and unintended consequences abound. Leadership in the face of complexity demands flexibility, curiosity, and a willingness to experiment.
People communicate best through stories and metaphors.
Civilizations have long used stories and myths to inspire action and propagate important values and knowledge. Stories often draw upon metaphors that contain meaning and influence beliefs on a deep, emotional level. By reframing a situation using powerful metaphors, leaders can help their teams perceive opportunities in a new light and craft “parables” that

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.703848
Retrieved Text: JUST SAY SLOW Bucur conducts his surveillance in a unique police procedural that should probably remain that way.
It’s easy to dismiss a movie you don’t enjoy as boring. But what I learned from this Romanian ultrarealist film is that there are two completely distinct types of boredom at the movies. The first is the boredom of an eye-roll-inducingly dumb treasure chest of Hollywood clichés — Transformers, say, or Fool’s Gold. The second is the boredom of a movie that aspires to be exactly as boring as the real life people go to movies to escape.
Such is Corneliu Porumboiu’s film Police, Adjective, which has earned widespread critical praise and screened at Cannes. Make no mistake: This movie is dull. It follows a young cop, Cristi (Dragos Bucur), as he works the least exciting narcotics case imaginable, trailing a teenager who appears to be committing the grave crime of smoking hashish and sharing it with friends. By the time Cristi has finished surveilling an apartment complex, you will have memorized the graffiti on the wall. Porumboiu shoots the movie in long takes, most of them from a distance. Though it isn’t quite in real time, it feels that way.
But this kind of boredom — the soul-crushing boredom of experiencing someone else’s tedium for a change — can do strange things to a movie-goer. When something finally happens in the film, it may elate you.
For me, that happened in the scene where Cristi’s wife (Irina Saulescu) keeps replaying a syrupy pop ballad on YouTube. She plays it once, twice,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.694614
Retrieved Text: Better than seen on TV, The Amazing Race Adventure is the perfect competitive team building event.
Prepare to embark on an adventure that takes participants on a competitive race throughout a variety of locations: your resort, the surrounding city or countryside, or through the backcountry of your choice. In small teams, participants engage in a challenge where the objective is to locate race checkpoints, solve intricate team challenges and then travel to the next checkpoint. Roadblocks, detours and cunning problem solving challenges abound throughout the day. Program design depends on the time of year, program duration, and physical ability of the group.
Why do we participate in team building events? In the video below, Grand Dynamics President Tim Walther shares insights about the purpose of an “Amazing Race Adventure” and how to transfer concepts back to the workplace. The common theme is that the activities, while novel, distinct, dramatic and metaphoric are certainly fun and energizing for participants, ITS NOT ABOUT THE ACTIVITIES THEMSELVES.
Team challenges, such as forming a human arrow, playing the drums with a street performer, riding a ferris wheel or creating a song about your company’s dream, are metaphors which have a deeper, and often intentionally subconscious, meaning. A carefully designed experiential learning program for corporate meetings and events will consider these elements and align them with the most important elements that the meeting is designed to reinforce.
This video and speech by Grand Dynamics President explains this insight, celebrates the process and value of shared experiences and how to BRING IT BACK and transfer those

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.692743
Retrieved Text: Most of traditional Like Chinese I woman, am honest, sweet, feminine, passionate, open-minded, independent, healthy, loyal, and easy-going, I have a son 14 years old who lived with me, is very nice He I . The face value family life, and smile with an M, I ' associate professor in a medical specialty college is My . . I Medical Microbiology like my profession, which involves research and teaching have a MD I . and PhD Chinese from famous I am interested university, in western culture, and I hope to someday travel around the world. I am a love of life and peace-loving woman, and a wide range of grace, love of friends, and love helping people, responsibility, and self-confident, optimistic, generous, and cool, is a medical doctor, an associate professor of the University.
I love life and like to help others.I like cooking, traveling, shopping, swimming, badminton, hiking, riding, I enjoy listening to romantic music, I hope that my life partner is healthy, honest, faithful, romantic, humorous, kind-hearted, well-educated, intelligent, and family values, love Chinese culture.
I love life and like to help others. I like cooking, traveling, shopping, swimming, badminton, hiking, riding. I enjoy listening to romantic music.I hope that my life partner is healthy, honest, faithful, romantic, humorous, kind-hearted, well-educated, intelligent, family values, love Chinese culture.

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 61.99983
Retrieved Text: As a performance project of Memory of African Culture, Inc., The Kouyate Family presents African cultural expressions emphasizing their family heritage in the Manding dialiya tradition. The Kouyate Family presents traditional and contemporary songs, recitations of Manding histories, self-accompanied on various traditional African musical instruments including the 21-string kora, and dances accompanied by the djembe and koutiro drums. Honoring their Dialiya heritage and the teaching of their father, Diali Djimo Kouyate, the Kouyate Family includes Mady Kouyate, Amadou Kouyate and Bintou Kouyate and are sometimes joined by other family members including Crystal Shakelford Kouyate (Amadou's wife) and their mother, Akua Femi Kouyate as well as other guest artists as they celebrate through music, song, oral history and dance, the traditions of their family heritage.
As in the Manding tradition of "Fa Kae" --that which is passed down from father, -- Mady Kouyate, Amadou Kouyate and Bintou Kouyate continue the cultural and musical path of their father, mother and ancestors as dynamic musicians and performers of Manding traditions. They are the 150th generation of the Kouyate lineage.
Born in Dakar, Senegal, MADY KOUYATE is a descendent of the Kouyate family of Dialolu, oral historians and musicians of Manding traditions that have honored West Africa for centuries, through their family tradition and artistry of music and verse that records the history of West African societies. Since adolescence, Mady Kouyate began the process of learning the tradition of his ancestral heritage, playing the 21-string kora. At the age of 16 he relocated to Bamako, Mali where he continued his study of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 53.149284
Retrieved Text: Basskekou Kouyate plays here with a group of players on the ngoni – an instrument with very few strings, but which always seems to make a wonderfully evocative sound when in the hands of the right musician! Kouyate plays the lead, and often gets some strong solo space – but the recording also features three more ngoni players, plus a strong lead singer, bits of guitar, added percussion, and a few other guest singers too – all rising in a way that's proud and powerful, with a richness that's still clearly directed by the actions of the few strings at the core. Titles include "Kanougnon", "Kanto Kelena", "Wele Cuba", "Yakare", "Konya", "Wele Ni", and "Nyame". © 1996-2019, Dusty Groove, Inc.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 47.840904
Retrieved Text: Africa has had an important spot in the internal film industry for close to one century. In this article, we are going to feature the best African movie directors of all times since African produced films started gaining international recognition.
Without further adieu, here are the most prolific, top ten African movie directors.
Born on 19th September 1979 in Johannesburg South Africa, Neill Blomkamp has had a successful string of movies directed by him since his debut in the film industry in the late 1990’s as 3D animation expert. His most famous movie is District 9, which was Africa’s best Sci-Fi film in 2009. Its success made him to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
Niell Blonkamp has so far directed 18 movies with more than a dozen of them being done in 2017 alone.
Abderrahmane Sissako was born on 13th October 1961 in Mauritania. He is best known for his movie Waiting for happiness. This movie expresses the limbo encountered by the dream of most people from his native land to emigrate to France and other destinations abroad as the land of their dreams.
Sissako’s films are focused primarily on issues pertaining society, more so humanism, social consciousness, globalization, displacement of people, exiles and the intricate relationships between North and South. In this theme, he explores the fate of Africa in the global affairs.
Souleymane was born on 21st April 1940 in Mali. He has won two awards – Sutherland Trophy, and Cannes Jury Prize. He was nominated for Independent Spirit Award for Best International Film. He

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.898506
Retrieved Text: With recordings Segu Blue and the Grammy-nominated I Speak Fula to his credit, Mali’s Bassekou Kouyate and his group Ngoni Ba are back with his latest Jama Ko out on the Outhere Records label. Jama Ko means ‘big gathering of people;’ something Mr. Kouyate takes to heart with a new lineup for Ngoni Ba that includes his two sons Madou and Moustafa and a host of guest singers like Kasse Mady Diabate, Zoumana Tereta and Taj Mahal, who also lends his talents on the electric guitar and guest musicians like kamele ngoni player Harouna Samake, drummer Andrew Barr, guitarist Brad Barr and balafon and doun doun player Madou Kone.
Recorded in Bamako, Mali in March 2012, Jama Ko took on a new focus as Mali’s president was overthrown by the military, power cuts and fuel shortages began and the restrictions of curfews set in and still Mr. Kouyate wasn’t about to let the music of Mali go silent.
Fierce in its calls for peace, savagely good musically, Jama Ko proves powerful with its opening and title track “Jama Ko,” with calls for tolerance and respect for the true spirit of Mali where all are peoples and beliefs are accepted to gather together. Laced with richly addictive rhythms, Amy Sacko’s soaring vocals and some downright fiery ngoni playing, “Jama Ko” pulls the listener in with Malian ease and holds them captive for such treats as Latin-flavored Sinaly with singers Amy Sacko and Kasse Mady Diabate and ngoni player Abou Sissoko who offers up a solo or the hard-driving “Ne

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.353073
Retrieved Text: The collaboration between a rapper/beatboxer/singer-songwriter from Syracuse, NY and an electrifying African kora sensation from Guinea pushes genre boundaries and earns raves. Driscoll and Kouyate blend hip-hop, spoken word, funk, and soulful, accessible rock with Afrobeat, reggae and irrepressible African grooves.
Kouyate are matched by the explosive energy of Driscoll's rapid fire rhyming."
"A gloriously accessible collision of styles. It's an unlikely collaboration that works, magnificently."
Stream a preview of the entire Faya album.
Joe Driscoll & Sekou Kouyate will be on tour in Europe this Spring.
North American dates will be announced soon.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.989494
Retrieved Text: BT Sport pundit Michael Owen has accused Cheikhou Kouyate of being lazy in an astonishing outburst on television.
What is baffling about the former Liverpool striker&apos;s comments is that the Senegalese powerhouse is being played horribly out of position at right back.
We all know - maybe Owen doesn’t - that Kouyate is a dominating centre midfielder by trade and right back really isn’t his best position.
Considering the dearth of options in that position for West Ham it’s admirable that Kouyate is sticking to his task the best he can but to be called lazy is ridiculous.
Kouyate himself has admitted his frustration at being deployed in that position but is willing to sacrifice himself for the team.
Speaking on BT at the weekend, Owen said: “He was poor at Watford, gave a penalty away.
"I don&apos;t think he&apos;s a right-back at all - I don&apos;t think he&apos;s disciplined enough. I think he&apos;s a bit lazy. He doesn&apos;t track runners really.
Well, we could have told you it was a mistake, Michael, but it’s something that has to be done at the moment.
We are all hoping that Kouyate can return to his normal central midfield position soon, somewhere he has barely featured this season having also played at centre back.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.68445
Retrieved Text: 8:00 PM Music: Habib Koité & Bassekou Kouyate One of Africa's most recognized musicians, Mali's pop icon Habib Koité has a deep and varied musical vocabulary, blending Afro-pop with jazz, rock, and even classical. His intimate vocal delivery blends beautifully with both the modern and ancient musical traditions from which he derives his inspiration. Koité is joined by Bassekou Kouyate, Malian musician and master of the ngoni, a traditional African lute. Time Out says, "Ngoni virtuoso Bassekou Kouyate can make notes bend like light rays in the desert heat."
Together, Koité and Kouyate exemplify the shared experience associated with the historical, cultural, and unifying properties of Malian music. Kouyate's comfort in a vast array of musical settings actively complements Koité's presence, resulting in a spirited collaboration that brings innovation and a sense of unity.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.53432
Retrieved Text: A key feature of present-day triumphant AFCON teams has been their flexibility, with tactical variance going a long way in propelling them to glory. The tactical unconventionality served by the back three/five Herve Renard activated with Ivory Coast in 2015 and Morocco in this edition, plus the in-game flexibility he tinkered with Zambia in 2013, have caused issues for teams, and their coaches have been unable to come up with any panaceas. It’s probably the reflection of the one-dimensional coaches that dominate the touchlines of African international football.
No coach has proven his tactical acumen in recent AFCONs more than Renard, and his tournament record – just 2 losses in 22 matches since the 2010 festival – is a testament to the resiliency of his teams. The meeting between Egypt and Morocco will see Renard and Hector Cuper – two of the finer tactical minds in the tournament – go head-to-head. The Argentine is no tactical slouch and he’s arguably the only coach in the tournament able to out-tactic Renard in the purest sense – either by playing his formation or, giving him a taste of his own medicine, by playing conservative football.
The logical predication for the North African encounter is a stalemate. Two realistic coaches fully aware of the limitations of their teams have set up to mask the weaknesses and heighten their strengths. Whereas Egypt’s major strength is pace on the break and Mohamed Salah is essential to that, Morocco’s most potent weapon are the set-piece deliveries of Faycal Fajr and Mbark Boussoufa. As the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.877018
Retrieved Text: Since arriving at Crystal Palace from West Ham back in the summer (BBC), Cheikhou Kouyate has been a key figure in the Eagles’ midfield alongside James McArthur and Luka Milivojevic.
The Selhurst Park faithful have warmed to the Senegalese international, as he always gives 100 per cent and is an extremely likeable figure around the club with his positive nature and energy.
They may, however, have overlooked just how big an impact he has made in south London, as his arrival came almost immediately after French international Yohan Cabaye departed the club at the expiry of his contract.
Cabaye offered composure, calmness and authority in the middle of the park alongside Milivojevic last season, but his contract was not renewed – this may have been down to his fitness, as the former Lille man rarely managed to complete 90 minutes last season as he hit 33 years of age.
In stark contrast, Kouyate offers a robust, pragmatic approach alongside two midfielders in McArthur and Milivojevic who are also quite industrial, although perhaps slightly better on the ball.
Having said all of that, it is unfair to judge Kouyate on circumstances out of his control, so let’s take a look at his first six months in SE25 in isolation.
The former Anderlecht man has impressed the fans with his tireless running, and knack of always being in the right place at the right time to nick the ball away from the opposition either with his head or his feet.
Kouyate has kept things tidy in the middle of the park, averaging a pass success

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.776283
Retrieved Text: Bwa, Musical Instrument, Flute, Bwa, Burkina Faso.
In Burkina Faso, flutes from the Mossi, Lobi and Bwa people are played to accompany blazons and drums during ceremonies and mask performances. They can be played singly or in groups. A flute plays a set of notes with a complex but a very repetitive tune.
Flutes like this come in many sizes, but are of the same general structure with a human like form. One variation is the height and posture of the shoulders, which can be more raised or lowered. The instrument was used to accompany masked dances often in imitations of the tonal patterns of speech or song. Some flutes were used for different purposes by hunters.
Bwa artisans typically use strong abstract shapes to portray people and animals on sacred objects. Though Bwa art is created primarily for ritual use, its aesthetic has been appreciated far beyond the West African villages where it originated. Its geometric design, for instance, is thought to have influenced Cubism in the early 1900s.
The Bwa or Bwaba or Bobo-Wule (Bobo-Oule) people, are an ethnic group indigenous to central Burkina Faso and Mali. The Bwa lives in central Burkina Faso and southeast Mali, between Mali’s Bani River and the Mouhoun River (Black Volta) in Burkina Faso. Their population is approximately 300,000. They are known for their use of masks, made from leaves or wood, used in preformatively rituals.
Like many of their neighbors, the Bwa are predominantly farmers, their main cash crop being cotton. They also farm millet, rice, sorghum, yams, and peanuts. Bwa villages

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.319897
Retrieved Text: Soccerway—South Sudan earned their first ever competitive victory with a 1-0 win over Equatorial Guinea in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier on Saturday.
The minnows joined the ranks of international football in 2012 and had not found the net since a 3-1 defeat to Kenya in November 2013, but Atak Lual’s 52nd-minute strike was enough to seal a 1-0 win in Juba.
The momentous result lifts Lee Sung-Je’s side to second place in Group C ahead of Benin’s clash with Mali on Sunday.
There was similar joy for Liberia, who shocked Group A rivals Tunisia with a 1-0 victory despite being without first-choice goalkeeper Nathaniel Sherman, who reportedly suffered a serious eye injury after inadvertently barging into a glass door at the team’s hotel.
But a Francis Forkey Doe strike 11th minute from the final whistle proved decisive, in the first international match to be held in Monrovia since the lifting of the Ebola ban.
Ghana, runners-up to the Ivory Coast in 2015, look well-placed for another finals berth after preserving their 100 per cent record in Group H by edging to a 1-0 win over Rwanda thanks to Mubarak Wakaso’s superb 88th-minute free-kick.
Morocco were more emphatic in securing their second win in Group F, brushing aside Sao Tome and Principe 3-0.
In Group K, Senegal took advantage of Burundi’s 2-0 win over Niger with 2-0 win away to Namibia, courtesy of goals from Premier League stars Cheikhou Kouyate and Sadio Mane – a win that leaves them three points clear at the top.
Meanwhile, three-time champions Nigeria were held to a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.976524
Retrieved Text: Crystal Palace’s main objective this season is to avoid a relegation battle in the Premier League.
In order to do that, Roy Hodgson needs to recruit some new faces to keep things ticking along.
The club have lost a handful of midfielders this summer, including Yohan Cabaye, Bakary Sako, Lee Chung-yong and Ruben Loftus-Cheek.
Understandably, the Eagles are searching for candidates to fill the vacancies in the middle of the park.
According to Sky Sports News, the club have opened talks with West Ham United regarding the potential signing of Cheikhou Kouyate.
The East London outfit reportedly want around £10m for the 28-year-old, who is valued by Transfermarkt at a similar fee of £10.8m.
Kouyate has spent the last four years at West Ham, and is experienced in the Premier League having made 129 appearances in total.
On Reddit and Twitter, some Palace fans posted their thoughts on the rumour, and it seems that the majority are positive about a move.
Comment from discussion Palace in talks with West Ham over potential £10m signing of midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.116024
Retrieved Text: Daley Blind struck an injury-time equaliser as Manchester United dramatically snatched a 1-1 Premier League draw at West Ham on Sunday.
Cheikhou Kouyate, slotting in at centre-back rather than his customary midfield role due to a host of defensive injury problems for West Ham manager Sam Allardyce, teed himself up to volley emphatically home four minutes into the second half of what had been an attritional contest.
Despite fielding a side that boasted the esteemed attacking talents of Robin van Persie, Radamel Falcao, Wayne Rooney and Angel Di Maria, Manchester United rarely threatened home goalkeeper Adrian as they failed to dislodge Southampton in third.
Blind cast himself as the visitors' unlikely goal hero two minutes into added time, when West Ham were unable to clear Marcos Rojo's speculative punt forward.
Manchester United finished the match with 10 men as full-back Luke Shaw collected a second booking.
Both teams made five changes from their previous outings and there was a nervous early moment for Kouyate in his unfamiliar position.
The Senegal international was sold short by an ill-advised pass from Alex Song inside his own area after six minutes but Van Persie was unable to pounce on an opportunity to open the scoring.
West Ham carried the greater threat during the opening stages and visiting goalkeeper David De Gea was at full-stretch to turn an Enner Valencia drive behind following a poor defensive header by Rojo.
From the resulting 15th-minute corner De Gea frustrated Valencia again by touching an acrobatic effort over.
Robust challenges by Van Persie and Phil Jones prompted touchline fury from Allardyce and,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.98694
Retrieved Text: Swoop for South American would afford West Ham the chance to upgrade on Obiang at last | The Transfer Tavern | News, breakdown and analysis on all things football!
Every West Ham fan is right now very happy with the summer business conducted around the club so far.
Many fans never thought they would see the day that the Hammers spend £35 million on one single player like Felipe Anderson and as well as the Brazilian, six other new faces have arrived at the London Stadium. Times are finally looking brighter in Stratford but their spending shouldn’t stop now as their central-midfielders still need improving.
Wilmar Barrios of Colombia was brilliant for his country during their World Cup run and seeing as his valuation marks him at £9 million on Transfermarkt, West Ham seemingly can’t go wrong with signing the bright talent.
Having reportedly made Pedro Obiang and Cheikhou Kouyate available for transfer should a reasonable offer come in for either, the Hammers need to find a top replacement and Barrios could be just that. He currently plays alongside former Hammers hero Carlos Tevez at Boca Juniors and after seeing his terrier-like performances in the World Cup, the 24-year-old could not only be a replacement but a massive improvement on either Obiang or Kouyate.
The Hammers will hope that along with fellow new midfielder Jack Wilshere, West Ham’s midfield woes could be forgotten from last season and significantly improved on. Their hard work in the summer could finally allow the promise of European football to be delivered to the fans, something

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.400223
Retrieved Text: We need some grit and will for a fight Ben arfa is not that man. If we got him even for 5 mill it will be a ridiculous mistake. I doubt Moyes would go for that so itl be a Sullivan signing.
if we sign him we will know its board. moyes would never sign him as red says. no way.
Over the hill and far far away,that's sounds about right with our board.
Take him on a six month deal Fred? What and then loan him to a relegation rival? I refuse to believe Moyes is that stupid. We have enough bad eggs in this team. As for arter, I've always thought he would be a good West Ham man.
fred wants him to link up with noble and launch us up the league!
thats the point...nobles career is winding down its a simple fact...he will look good again when we are in the championship but at this level he and the others look lost.....noble has the passion but no longer the legs kouyate can run and run all day long but rarely puts thought into his runs so ends up like a dog chasing a balloon and obiang cannot make up what kind of midfielder he is....cant pass cant tackle and cannot read a game....thats part of the reason we are in this mess.
None of them are any good,name me one player that has shone this season?no me either!!
Ben arfa has had attitude problems before (Newcastle) we have enough players with that at the moment. Last thing we need

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.305172
Retrieved Text: All eyes will be on the Amahoro Stadium in Kigali, as Rwanda face Burkina Faso in the African Under 17 Championships.
Rwanda are the host nation, but started off as many people’s underdog before the tournament began earlier this month. They will meet Burkina Faso for the second time in this tournament, having been drawn together in the group stages. The match finished 2-1 to Rwanda in that game.
Nevertheless, Burkina Faso have been more than impressive in their other matches. They defeated a much-fancied Egyptian side 4-0 and were 3-0 up before the game eventually finished 3-2 against Senegal.
In the 2009 tournament, Burkina Faso finished 3rd place after beating Malawi 2-0 in the third/fourth place play-off.
Despite finishing runners-up on two occasions and finishing third once, Burkina Faso have never lifted the trophy since the tournament began in 1995.
Meanwhile, Rwanda has never previously participated in an African final of any sort and has only ever competed at one senior African Cup of Nations tournament held in Tunisia seven years ago, making their performances this year all the more impressive.
The tournament starts with two groups of four teams, and the two top teams from each group qualify for the semi-finals. The teams involved in the semi-finals also qualify for this summers FIFA U17 World Cup.
Defending champions, Gambia, were ditched out at the group stage after a run of poor results which bought them only one win out of three matches, against Mali.
Yesterday, Congo defeated Ivory Coast 2-1 in the third/fourth place play-off.
It’s very early to tell whether any stars

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.969803
Retrieved Text: Posted by arnold in 020916.
International Day of Zero Tolerance for FGM/C was this past Saturday, February 6th. Two U.S.-based anti-FGM/C organizations came together in a roundtable discussion in observance of the day. Among a diverse group of guests were the President and Vice President of the Guinean Women’s Association, representatives from the Kenya-based Memusi Foundation, officials from Global Woman P.E.A.C.E. Foundation and Inter African Committee USA, among many others.
Addressing the guests, the President of the Inter African Committee USA, Mrs. Fatoumata Kande-Kouyate said that they have been working against the practice of female genital mutilation since the 1980s in Guinea and other parts of the world; however they established the USA extension of the organization in recent years. She continued, “To this end, the Inter-African Committee makes a strong appeal to all its partners, (communities, governments, regional and international organizations, civil society and non-governmental organizations, religious organizations, women and men of good will) for a planetary mobilization against FGM.” Kande-Kouyate stressed the importance of assistance from all available channels, such as radio, television, press, social media, in-home visits, sports and traditional and cultural events.
Meanwhile, the Executive Director of Global Woman P.E.A.C.E. Foundation, Angela Peabody told their guests that educating the excisors on the dangers of FGM is crucial. She called for collaborations through a special coalition to make the voices of activists and advocates louder. Peabody applauded the many men in the room who pledged their support in the campaign against FGM. Among the men around the table was a retired Chief from Guinea, who said

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.720623
Retrieved Text: Le Savon de Saponé is collaboration between artisan associations, Burkina Faso in West Africa and US and Burkina Faso based organization NyamaNyama.
Developed & distributed by NyamaNyama, LLC.
WARNING : Do not eat soaps. Keep out your eyes. Keep fire away.
A majority of West Africa lacks the waste management infrastructure to treat non-biodegradable plastics. The introduction of plastic packaging saw cities and roadways littered with old wrappers, bags, and containers. By packaging soap in plastic, non-biodegradable water bags—picked, disinfected, and repurposed from villages in West Africa—distributor NyamaNyama aims to relocate the obtrusive litter to countries with the infrastructure and means to treat it.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.46068
Retrieved Text: We are happy to announce that A Separation, Karin Ekberg’s tragicomic documentary, is selected for the competition in CPH:DOX 2013! The film portrays the very last acts of a long marriage and is Karin Ekbergs feature length debut.
Dagmar Teatret Wednesday 13/11 at 16.30, world premiere.
Momento Film is very happy to welcome Theresa Traore Dahlberg as a new director! Theresa has previously directed the warm documentary Taxi Sister, which screened at several international film festivals, and we believe that she is one of the most interesting rising voices on the Swedish documentary scene. Characterized by a personal narrative and a strong visual imagery, her films have the ability to tackle serious and important social issues in a humorous manner. Currently Theresa is developing a project set in Burkina Faso, which she will start to film on location in November.
If you are interested in Theresa’s previous documentary, feel free to check out the trailer.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.37313
Retrieved Text: Which travel adapter do I need to bring for using a hair dryer in Burkina Faso?
Will my hair dryer work in Burkina Faso?
Use a dual voltage travel hair dryer  - you could need an appropriate power adapter for Burkina Faso but these lightweight accessories are designed specifically for travel. Before purchasing read the recommendations for the best dual voltage hair driers guaranteed to work in Burkina Faso, nine tips for buying a new travel blow dryer and a comparison of six of the best travel blow dryers to buy in 2019.
Use a power converter  (or voltage transformer) - this enables you to use your existing hair dryer and other applicances with a 220 volt Burkinabe power outlet, however this is substantially heavier, bulkier and more expensive than a dedicated travel hair dryer. A power converter will change the voltage but won't change the physical shape of the plug on your hair dryer to fit in the types of power outlet used in Burkina Faso, therefore please check that your voltage transformer comes with a suitable power adapter for Burkina Faso otherwise you will still need to bring a seperate power adapter. Please be aware that your own existing hair dryer might not be suited for travelling and you could risk damage in transit.
Warning: If your hair dryer won't handle 220 volts you run a risk of damage to your hair dryer, an electrical fire hazard or blowing a fuse. Before attempting to use your hair dryer in Burkina Faso read the instruction manual first

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.0586
Retrieved Text: Burkina Fasos Child Miners Dig for Gold and a Better life. bdlive. March 27, 2014. [Source on file]. 47. U.S. Embassy Ouagadougou. Reporting, February 5, . 48. Government of Burkina Faso. Government of Burkina Faso. Loi N176; 0132007/AN Portant loi d'orientation de l'education.
Burkina Fasos mining sector is likely to play a key role in the countrys economy in the near future with the gold mining industry all set to expand. This year, the countrys mining sector will be able to generate an increased revenue of about $2 billion from the $1.4 billion revenue in 2011.
Essakane Gold Mine, Burkina Faso; Westwood Gold Mine, Canada; Sadiola Gold Mine, Mali; Yatela Gold Mine, Mali; Development Projects. C244;t233; Gold Project, Ontario; Exploration. IAMGOLD Financial Factsheet Q4 2016 287 KB. IAMGOLD Financial Factsheet Q3 2016 589 KB. IAMGOLD Financial Factsheet Q2 2016 286 KB.
Sep 23, 0183;32;The surge in gold production was triggered by the strong growth of the gold price during the 2000s, which resulted in the creation of eight industrial mines between 2007 and 2014.
Taparko was the first gold mine built in Burkina Faso. Mining at Taparko commenced in 2005, with the first gold poured in late 2007. Taparko mine is located in the Namantenga province of Burkina Faso in West Africa, approximately 200km northeast of Ouagadougou, the Capital City of Burkina Faso.
Along with BissaBouly mines, Nordgold manages three other gold mining operations in Burkina Faso, the first being the Taparko mine. The Burkina Faso government ensures security for the sites, often holding protestors at bay or making arrests [10,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.880596
Retrieved Text: Malian ngoni maestro Bassekou Kouyate has a new album titled Jama ko that is available today in Europe. The album was recorded by Howard Bilerman (Arcade Fire, Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Coeur de Pirate) and is released by Out Here Records.
“Jama ko” means ‘a big gathering of people’. It is a call for unity, peace and tolerance in a time of crisis in Mali.
The recording of Jama ko took place in March 2012 in Mali’s capital Bamako. It was recorded with a completely new line-up including Bassekou’s two sons Madou and Moustafa Kouyate, ngoni master Abou Sissoko and a number of other young skilled musicians from Bamako.
Kasse Mady Diabate is featured on the Latin-flavored “Sinaly” singing about Sinaly Diarra, a Bamana king famous for resisting forced Islamisation in the 19th century. “Kele Magni” is a duet between Bassekou’s wife and the group’s main vocalist Amy Sacko and Khaira Arby from Timbuktu, calling for peace in Mali.
Zoumana Tereta praises the cotton farmers of Mali in “Mali Koori” with a voice that takes you back into the time of the great Bambara warriors. Jama ko also features an incredible duet between Bassekou and American blues musician Taj Mahal (vocals / electric guitar) and ends with the moving song, “Moustafa”, by Bassekou’s son Moustafa dedicated to his parents thanking them for all they have done for him.
Renowned engineer Howard Bilerman recorded the album in Mali and ended up mixing and co-producing most of it back home in Montreal. Andrew Barr and Brad Barr (Barr Brothers) added drums and guitar.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.76794
Retrieved Text: The panoramic satellite map represents one of many map types and styles available. Look at Burkina Faso from different perspectives.
National flag of the Burkina Faso resized to fit in the shape of the country borders.
Classic beige color scheme of vintage antique maps enhanced by hill-shading. Burkina Faso highlighted by white color.
Dark gray color scheme enhanced by hill-shading. Burkina Faso highlighted in white.
Savanna green color scheme enhanced with shaded relief. Burkina Faso is highlighted by yellow color.
Light grey color scheme enhanced with shaded relief. Burkina Faso highlighted in white.
Satellite style for all areas outside of the borders of Burkina Faso.
All areas outside of the borders of Burkina Faso filled with a single color.
Physical style for all areas outside of the borders of Burkina Faso.
Political shades style for all areas outside of the borders of Burkina Faso.
Political style for all areas outside of the borders of Burkina Faso..
Shaded relief style for all areas outside of the borders of Burkina Faso.
All areas outside of the borders of Burkina Faso cropped from the image.
Maphill is a collection of map images. This perspective view of Burkina Faso at an angle of 30° is one of these images. Use the Detailed button under the image to switch to a detailed map.
See Burkina Faso from a different perspective.
Each map style has its advantages. No map type is the best. The best is that Maphill enables you to look at the same country from many different angles.
Sure, this satellite panoramic map is nice. But there is good chance you will like some other styles

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.739513
Retrieved Text: Read more on the US-Africa Leaders Summit here.
On Thursday, August 7, the Atlantic Council's Africa Center hosted H.E. Blaise Compaoré, president of Burkina Faso, and H.E. Kadré Désiré Ouédraogo, president of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Commission, for a roundtable discussion at the Army and Navy Club in Washington, DC. J. Peter Pham, Africa Center director, welcomed participants the event, followed by introductory remarks from General James L. Jones, Jr. USMC (Ret.), chairman of the Atlantic Council's Brent Scowcroft Center on International Security. President Compaoré and H.E. Ouédraogo made opening statements before Pham moderated a roundtable discussion.
Participants included former US Africa Command commanders General William Ward and General Carter Ham, as well as Amanda Dory, deputy assistant secretary of defense for African affairs at the US Department of Defense; the Honorable Bisa Williams, deputy assistant secretary for African affairs at the US Department of State; Hon. Tuli Mushingi, US ambassador to Burkina Faso; H.E. Seydou Bouda, ambassador to the United States from Burkina Faso; the Honorable George Moose, former assistant secretary of state for African affairs and Atlantic Council board director; and the Honorable Mary Yates, former special assistant to the President and senior director for Africa at the National Security Council and board director at the Atlantic Council. Other participants included a number of Burkinabé cabinet ministers and ECOWAS Commission members, former US ambassadors, representatives from the private sector, US government agencies, non-profit organizations, and academia.
During his remarks, President Compaoré touched on the themes of peace and security challenges, economic development, and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.664303
Retrieved Text: Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson has named an unchanged side for the third game in a row as the Eagles face arch-rivals Brighton & Hove Albion tonight (Tuesday).
The Eagles travel to the Amex Stadium to face their rivals, who currently sit six points and three places above Palace in the table, after a 2-1 win away against Huddersfield Town on Saturday.
But Palace have been boosted by a 2-0 win against Burnley on Saturday at Selhurst Park, with the Eagles outplaying the Clarets and peppering their goal, with 29 shots at goal during the game.
And the Palace boss has stuck with the same side that drew 0-0 at Old Trafford and defeated Burnley, with Wilfried Zaha and Andros Townsend again starting up front for the Eagles.
Max Meyer also continues in midfield for a fifth game in a row after impressing against Burnley, with the German lining up alongside Luka Milivojevic, Cheikhou Kouyate and James McArthur in a midfield four.
The usual suspects are in defence, with Patrick van Aanholt, Mamadou Sakho, James Tomkins and Aaron Wan-Bissaka starting together again, in front of the in-form Wayne Hennessey in goal.
Brighton: Ryan, Duffy, Dunk, Montoya, Bernardo, Bissouma, Propper, Gross, March, Izquierdo, Murray.
Palace : Hennessey, Wan-Bissaka, Tomkins, Sakho, van Aanholt, Milivojevic, Kouyate, Meyer, McArthur, Townsend, Zaha.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.579105
Retrieved Text: In 2002, the Pasteur Jonas Kambou — current head of Espoir Jeunes Burkina Faso — came to Switzerland for his theology studies. Being an outstanding student in his home country (Burkina Faso), he won an excellence scholarship to spend the last 4 years of his studies in Romandie — the French speaking part of Switzerland. During his time in Switzerland, Jonas learned many things and decided he wanted to bring back home his knowledge to help his country, in particular his hometown Gaoua, Burkina Faso. The regions has many opportunities for future growth, but lacks financial support. At this very same time, the Fondation Espoir Jeunes – a small grass root organization funded by benefactors in Switzerland- was looking for a young leader to head its project in Gaoua. The match was perfect!
The key challenge as seen by Jonas and Espoir Jeunes is education. As Gaoua and its surroundings have abundant gold reserves, many children that do not have the means to pay for their education, start working in traditional gold mines as “orpailleurs”. Although this activity does provide them with some money initially, the activity is dangerous, short-lived, and often bars the children from an education, leaving them few opportunities to develop themselves in their adult life.
As such, Espoir Jeune’s first objective is to tackle this problem by providing disadvantaged children with housing, food and education to give them a solid foundation for their future.
Espoir Jeunes is a firm believer that financial sustainability is crucial to the long-term success of charities. In this scope, Espoir

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.539303
Retrieved Text: Independent contracting in Burkina Faso isn’t always straightforward. You’ve got immigration issues, tax difficulties, and mountains of complex admin work. Even worse, missteps can cost you serious money, or even land you in legal trouble.
Before you consider taking a contract in Burkina Faso, you should be aware of what you’re getting into – and how you can make it simpler.
Generally, you need to have an employer sponsor in order to secure the appropriate work permit and work visa for Burkina Faso.
Also, are you familiar with the intricacies of the tax system in Burkina Faso, as well as your own country’s laws on overseas earnings? If so, good on you!
However, if you’re like the rest of us, figuring out (much less reducing) your tax liability in Burkina Faso and your home country can seem like full-time work in itself.
Because they act as your “employer,’ they can sponsor you and provide a single work permit for multiple contracts in Burkina Faso. Even better, most are experts in Burkina Faso and expat tax law, meaning they’ll also help you optimise your earnings in Burkina Faso.
While the umbrella company will charge a fee, you’ll likely end up saving more money in the long run: you’ll be able to focus on your work, expertly reduce your tax liability, and comply with all laws and regulations in Burkina Faso (which means avoiding fees, fines, or even worse penalties).
There’s a huge variety of Umbrella Companies with different specialities and advantages in Burkina Faso. How do you find the right one for your circumstances?
We

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.504044
Retrieved Text: The Premier League is back after the international break, with Crystal Palace travelling to face Manchester United at Old Trafford this afternoon (Saturday).
The Eagles have made the trip north to face Jose Mourinho&apos;s men, who currently sit eighth in the table with 20 points from their first 12 games.
In contrast, Palace have just eight points from their first 12 games and sit 16th in the table, only outside the bottom three on goal difference.
Palace have never beaten Manchester United in the Premier League era, and have lost on all nine of their previous visits to Old Trafford since 1992.
But the Eagles are boosted by the return to fitness of star man Wilfried Zaha, who has recovered from a hamstring injury and is available to face his old side.
Defenders James Tomkins and Mamadou Sakho are also expected to be fit for the game, having shaken off knocks over the international break.
However, Manchester United also have good news on the injury front, with Mourinho reporting an almost clean bill of health, despite having several injury doubts in the build-up to the game.
Kick off at Old Trafford is at 3pm, and you can follow all the action below in our live blog, as we bring you the team news, pre-match build-up and live updates from the game itself.
It finishes here at Old Trafford. 0-0. A good point for Palace.
Kouyate has a chance on the break, but fires over.
We are into injury time at Old Trafford.
Palace having to defend deep in the closing stages.
Wayne Hennessey does well to tip Romelu

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.474
Retrieved Text: One of the more remote countries in Western Africa, Burkina Faso is so rich in culture. There is still much tradition that is kept, which allows you to truly experience West African culture. Burkina Faso is very well known for their art and music, most especially their drumming culture. The people are agricultural people who are very warm, welcoming and easy going. They will help you in getting around to experience their culture through visits to their communities, their cultural attractions or their wildlife parks. It is a great place to get away from it all and immerse yourself into a very culturally rich community.
Burkina Faso is a landlocked nation in West Africa. It is surrounded by six countries: Mali to the north, Niger to the east, Benin to the south east, Togo and Ghana to the south, and Côte d’Ivoire to the south west.
Gold is Burkina Faso’s main export, followed by cotton and animal products. Burkina Faso is Africa’s largest producer of cotton. In 2010, almost 80% of the cotton planted in Burkina Faso was grown from genetically modified seeds.
Burkina is second only to South Africa as Africa’s largest producer of biotech crops (100% of it cotton), and had the world’s second-fastest growing acreage of biotech crops after Australia.
There are a variety of natural resources found in Burkina Faso, including manganese (used in stainless steel), limestone, marble, pumice, and salt. The country is also Africa’s fourth-largest gold producer.
Farmers mostly raise livestock, but also grow crops such as peanuts, rice, cotton, and shea nuts. Burkina Faso’s

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.392857
Retrieved Text: Sublime Frequencies presents the second volume in a three volume set of contemporary field recordings by Hisham Mayet recorded in Burkina Faso during three expeditions from 2013-2015. Volume 2 spotlights Mossi, Bissa, Bwaba, Fulani and Samo music. On side one, riveting string instruments such as the Mossi and Bissa koundé accompany gnarled, primal vocal epics extolling the virtues of kings and the common man. On side two, the otherworldly sounds of the thianhou (reed zither) and the lolongo (bow-shaped mouth harp) levitate the listener into a blissful trance. Includes performances by Ibrahim from Bittou, Souleyman Zoungrena, Yehou Téré Sedou Baba, Bomberi Willoho, Yaro Labairi, and Kousoule Lalara. Comes with a full-color insert of liner notes and a map of Burkina Faso. Edition of 400.

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: the best comedy concert movie i've seen since cho's previous concert comedy film , i'm the one that i want , in 2000 . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.014153
Retrieved Text: American comedian Gabriel Iglesias returns to Australia with his 'One Show Fits All' World tour. Iglesias is one of the most successful stand-up comedians in the US, performing to sold-out concerts worldwide. He is also one of the most watched comedians on YouTube with over 350,000,000 views.
Iglesias has voiced top roles in many animated films including the Head Clerk in the animated hit film 'Coco', the voice of Rufus the Dog in 'The Star', Cuatro in 'Ferdinand'. He also voiced characters in the 'Smurfs: The Lost Village', 'Norm of the North', 'The Book of Life', 'The Nut Job' and Disney's 'Planes'.
Iglesias starred in the theatrical stand-up concert comedy film 'The Fluffy Movie' and co-starred in 'A Haunted House 2'. He hosted and executive produced three seasons of the hit series 'Stand-Up Revolution' on Comedy Central. Comedy Central also premiered 'Gabriel Iglesias: Aloha Fluffy' in an unprecedented two-night comedy special to over 15 million viewers. The special was a follow-up to his previous DVD specials, 'Hot & Fluffy' and 'I'm Not Fat...I'm Fluffy', which have sold a combined total of more than two million copies.
These shows will sell out so grab your tickets now to see Gabriel Iglesias, live!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.308964
Retrieved Text: That Darn Cat! is a 1965 American Walt Disney Productions thriller comedy film starring Hayley Mills (in her last of the six films she made for the Walt Disney Studios) and Dean Jones (starring in his first film for Disney) in a story about bank robbers, a kidnapping and a mischievous cat. The film was based on the book Undercover Cat by Gordon and Mildred Gordon and was directed by Robert Stevenson. The title song was written by the Sherman Brothers and sung by Bobby Darin. The 1997 remake featured a cameo appearance by Dean Jones.
Enjoyed the clip. Such an innocent time. C for me would be Cinderella, not the one now though.
I remember that movie. Picking some unique ones, Jeremy.
Haven't seen this movie but it sounds interesting. Will have to watch it sometime.
Y'know, I don't think I've seen this one :) I usually enjoy a good Disney comedy.
LOl my post today is C for Cider With Rosie.... and CATS! I'm number 590 on the list - so far enjoying the fun!
I loved that movie. Watched it many times over the years. A lot of good laughter and hey, it had a cat as a hero. Pretty good.
Gosh I'm old because I do remember seeing this movie. So many Disney movies were so light hearted, fun, made you laugh, good family entertainment indeed.
I actually haven't seen this movie since I was little...maybe it's time I watched it again! Thanks!
The newer remake of That Darn Cat with Christina Ricci was funny.
I didn't love the remake as much

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.988045
Retrieved Text: Looking for I'm Still Standing Comedy Tour tickets? Anytickets.com has seats for each concert on I'm Still Standing Comedy Tour ’s latest tour.
The concerts dates are listed below so find the show nearest you and use the venue map to find a great I'm Still Standing Comedy Tour ticket at an even better price.
I'm Still Standing Comedy Tour is touring and that means it is time to find I'm Still Standing Comedy Tour tickets. Unfortunately, I'm Still Standing Comedy Tour concerts are very popular and the shows always seem to be sold out. Or, if you are fortunate to have found seats to purchase, the very best locations have been claimed.
Fortunately, Anyytickets.com provides the opportunity to purchase THE concert tickets you want to any and every show, including those to see I'm Still Standing Comedy Tour perform live.
I'm Still Standing Comedy Tour prices fluctuate based on many factors, including inventory and demand. Still, Anytickets.com always has great deals and is the destination whether you just want to get in the door with the cheapest ticket price or find a seat close to the action.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 49.925655
Retrieved Text: I've just seen The World's End, the third (and possibly the best) of the so-called Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy. The World's End, released August 23rd in the United States, followed Shaun of the Dead (2004) and Hot Fuzz (2007).
I have fond memories of Shaun of the Dead, because I saw the preview in 2004, along with the creators Nick Frost, Simon Pegg, and Edgar Wright. See crappy photo below as evidence. Shaun of the Dead was a zomedy (zombie/comedy), while Hot Fuzz tried to take on the cop genre. The World's End is a science fiction/comedy, but it particularly works well if you did not know it's sci-fi. As a viewer, the movie is a standard comedy until midway into the film where you're introduced to the robots.
If you didn't know already, Simon Pegg plays Gary King, a 40+ year old man looking to relive his teenage years with four of his best friends. Pegg decides to get the gang back together to finish his "Golden Mile" pub crawl, ending at the World's End pub.
Personally, between you and me, the soundtrack is certainly the best I've heard since Trainspotting. If you grew up in the 90s British music, then you're recognize all the Madchester and Britpop music, including Primal Scream ("Loaded"), Soup Dragons ("I'm Free"), Happy Mondays ("Step On"), Suede ("So Young"), Stone Roses ("Fools Gold"), Teenage Fanclub ("What You Do to Me"). In particular, "Loaded" and "I'm Free" theme is repeated throughout the movie.
Like I said, I think this is the best and funniest movie

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.55805
Retrieved Text: Top things to do in Tampa Bay for the week of April 22-28 Tampa Bay TimesSinger Patti LaBelle, Margaret Cho, dragon boats, a Green Thumb Festival and the Florida Orchestra plays John Williams.
Margaret Cho Cuts $200k Check to Finalize Split From Husband The BlastMargaret Cho and her husband are now officially divorced and the comedian had to write a fat check for $200000 to make it happen.
Queer Eye star Jonathan Van Ness says he'll be even more unfiltered during his comedy tour Entertainment Weekly NewsThe Netflix show's grooming expert tells EW about becoming a standup comic and selling out Radio City Music Hall.
Asian Pacific Film Festival Spotlights Women Filmmakers VarietyThe 35th Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival will screen 200 films, including a number of works by women filmmakers.
Comedy Interview: Margaret Cho columbusundergroundI owe a lot to Margaret Cho's 2000 one-woman show, I'm The One That I Want, as an integral part of both my evolving comedy and cultural education.
DL Hughley, Margaret Cho, Damon Wayans and more to visit new downtown Indy comedy club WRTV IndianapolisThe line-up for Helium Comedy Club lists D.L. Hughley, Drew Lynch, Lavell Crawford, Margaret Cho and more.
Margaret Cho: Japan Knows How to S--t - E!
Margaret Cho: Japan Knows How to S--t E! OnlineThe comedienne gets real about the Japanese bathroom experience that she absolutely loves. Hear the story on Busy Tonight.
just wondering. oops, mispelled. funny. who thinks margaret cho is funny. on a scale of one to ten.
Even though Margaret Cho is Korean, her comedy routine is based on all Asians.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.260094
Retrieved Text: Home / Comedy / JOLLOF JOKES COMEDY CONCERT is back,bigger and better.
Samuel Chinazaekpere, popularly known as Mc TBoy, the Chef behind the best selling comedy concert in imo state JOLLOF JOKES COMEDY CONCERT is back,bigger and better.
Date: EASTER SUNDAY APRIL 21ST 2019.
Venue: THE RIDGE EVENT CENTER Along Onitsha Road After Alvana Sec School, Owerri.
Previous Rt Hon Ozurigbo Ugonna Redeems Pledge To Blind Man.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.958294
Retrieved Text: Gabriel Iglesias better known to fans as Fluffy is making his way to Malaysian shores! The comedian is one of America’s most successful stand-up comedians, and has performed to sold out concerts around the world. He is currently on his latest concert tour – #FluffyBreaksEven! This tour will mark Gabriel’s first visit to Malaysia as he tickles our ribs on 5th June 2016 at Sunway Pyramid Convention Centre.
Tickets for the show will be available to the public from Saturday, 16th April 2016 at 10:00 AM (GMT+8) through Ticketpro Malaysia. Tickets can be purchased online through Ticketpro’s website (www.ticketpro.com.my) or at Ticketpro’s outlets, with tickets ranging from RM138 to RM438. Customers are reminded that a maximum of 10 tickets will be allowed per transaction. It is advised that #FluffyBreaksEven Tour is made available for audience who are 15 years old and above.
Pre-sale tickets for the ‘#FluffyBreaksEven! Tour’ show in Malaysia will be available for some lucky fans through Ticketpro’s website on Wednesday, 13th April 2016 from 10:00 AM (GMT+8). Fans will be able to access a limited amount of tickets which includes front row seats with the use of a specially promoted promo code.
Born in Chula Vista, California, Gabriel Iglesias is the youngest of six children, raised by a single mother. Growing up, the family lived in Section 8 housing in Long Beach, CA. It was during his childhood that he developed a strong sense of humor to deal with the obstacles he faced. In 1997, he set out to hone his comedic skills, and performed standup

########
Rank: 7
Score: 47.531544
Retrieved Text: Paige Kenneally is Sandy and Michael Burns is Danny in the Schenectady Light Opera Company production of "Grease."
As far as Paige Kenneally is concerned, "Grease" on stage is better than "Grease" on film, and that's saying quite a bit.
"I was a fan of the movie, but our director is interpreting the musical differently, and I think what he's doing is brilliant," said Kenneally, who was tapped by director Christopher Stefani to play Sandy in the 1972 Jim Jacobs-Warren Casey Broadway smash this month at the Schenectady Light Opera Company. "In the movie it's about Sandy and Danny, but it's actually everyone's story and I think that's pretty cool. It's a real ensemble the way we're doing it."
Whatever SLOC is doing with the show, it's hard to go wrong with "Grease." The original Broadway version with Adrienne Barbeau and Barry Bostwick was nominated for seven Tony Awards, and revivals in 1994 and 2007 were also well received. The 1978 Hollywood film with John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John was also a commercial and critical success, and "Grease: Live" in January of 2016, with Julianne Hough and Aaron Tveit in the two lead roles, was also a hit.
"I've seen clips of some stage versions on Youtube, and I did see the movie and the live version they did on TV," said Kenneally, who is a junior at Burnt Hills-Ballston Lake High School. "So I was pretty familiar with the show when we heard SLOC was going to do it, so we were all pretty excited. I started figuring out

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.38088
Retrieved Text: If finding Ryan Reynolds stuck in a grave for 90 minutes in Buried wasn't enough of a stationary suspense thriller for you, then you might want to pay attention to this new indie flick. Heat Vision reports that Elijah Wood will star in Grand Piano, a thriller from The Last Exorcism 2 writer Damien Chazelle and Spanish director Eugenio Mira (who also composed the music for Timecrimes and several other films under the name Chucky Namanera). The story follows a once-great concert pianist who suffers from stage fright and comes back to perform after a five-year hiatus. That seems daunting, but that's just the tip of the iceberg.
Just as the pianist sits down at his instrument to play the first bar of music, he notices a threatening note on his music sheet that informs him that he must play the best concert of his life in order to save the life of himseld and his wife. The trade describes the film as Speed at a piano. I'm not sure how they plan to keep up the suspense with Wood at a piano, but director Rodrigo Cortes pulled it off with Buried, and the filmmaker is producing the film with Adrian Guerra, a collaborator on the 2010 underground thriller.
Will the person administering these threats be able to communicate with the pianist through an earpiece or something? It remains to be seen, but the film will likely have a great score to go along with it considering the location of the story. Of course, most of the success

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.096626
Retrieved Text: Comediam Margaret Cho performs during the kickoff of the first annual True Colors Tour at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. She will play the San Jose Improv on Saturday night.
Get your cameras ready because local girl funny girl Margaret Cho is coming back home and she needs a reason to flip you off.
Cho, who was born and raised in San Francisco, will play the Improv in San Jose Saturday at 9 p.m. She said her hometown has a lot to do with who she is now.
"It was different than any other place on Earth," she said. "I grew up and went to grammar school on Haight Street during the '70s. There were old hippies, ex-druggies, burnouts from the '60s, drag queens, and Chinese people. To say it was a melting pot - that's the least of it. It was a really confusing, enlightening, wonderful time."
Her grandfather was a Methodist minister who ran an orphanage in Seoul during the Korean War. Ignoring the traditions of her patriarchal culture, her mother bravely resisted an arranged marriage in Korea and married Margaret's father who writes joke books - in Korean.
"Books like 1001 Jokes for Public Speakers - real corny stuff," Margaret says. "I guess we're in the same line of work. But we don't understand each other that way. I don't know why the things he says are funny and the same for him."
Margaret started performing stand-up at age 16 in a comedy club called The Rose & Thistle above a bookstore her parents ran. Soon after, she won

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.758663
Retrieved Text: In the past, I've discussed here on Life with Lynnie (LwL), how I have been without a television (TV) for a while, now.
Even though it hasn't been easy, I've been grateful I have internet access!
It has been painful each and every time I've had to sit up at the computer. Even to write LwL entries!
I've mentioned previously, that I've watched some movies on YouTube. I've truly enjoyed being able to do this, as I've said before.
In the past, I've found other online providers where I could watch films. However, many of them now want people to sign up. And, I don't like the thought of doing that.
* The Wrecking Crew, starring Dean Martin, Elke Sommer, Tina Louise, and others. Here is a link, where you can check out this comedy film: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wrecking_Crew_(1968_film). Being a comedy-type movie with characters similar to 007 spy films, it was easy to watch.
* Murderer's Row, starring Dean Martin, Ann Margaret and Karl Malden. Check out this spy comedy movie here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murderers'_Row_(film). This was another comedy-type spy movie that was easy to watch.
* Seems Like Old Times, starring Goldie Hawn and Chevy Chase. Here's a link to this comedy film: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seems_Like_Old_Times_(film). This was an enjoyable movie for me, even though the story line seemed to be complicated. I was grateful that it wasn't filled with sin.
* A Buddy Story, starring Gavin Bellour and Elisabeth Moss. Here's where you can check out this film: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Buddy_Story. Even though this was promoted as a comedy film online, I don't believe it was. I didn't find

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.725803
Retrieved Text: Asked you guys here about Blomkamp's previous film back when it was coming out, so I thought I'd ask about this one now. It's been out about a week, so maybe some of you have seen it. Haven't seen it myself, but I thought District 9 and Elysium were enjoyable sci-fi flicks and I hope this one will be as well. For those who have seen it, how does it stack up?
Yeah I've seen it two weeks ago. I kind of went into the cinema not knowing anything about this movie at all, because we sort of decided out of the blue to see a movie during a night out of binge eating (and drinking). Not expecting much, the overall experience was quite a pleasant surprise. Lots of humor, an interesting plot line and great special effects. I know I've seen District 9 but can't remember much of it, except that it might have been more serious, as in less comedy. Haven't seen Elysium.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.724014
Retrieved Text: Hard to believe I've never done this one, eh? But as long as I'm in a Fargo sorta mood this week - and I seem to be - I figured I'd go and give some love to the obvious choice of killin' within.
But while the above scene is of course one of the classic movie deaths of all-time, I've always found the off-screen death of poor pawn Jean Lundegaard to be the most disturbing death in the movie, haven't y'all?
Everything having to do with poor Jean winds up being terribly disturbing - she's played for laughs for a good long while, right through her kidnapping scene, which is the first time that the film turns the figure-of-comedy that she's been so far on its head, and the Coens seem to be daring us to laugh at the horror happening to her.
Well we aren't told exactly what happens to her... she's just dead.
That spray of blood, the open oven... horrors.
But yeah, Steve Buscemi getting an ax to the head and then his remains stuffed into a wood-chipper? That my friends is nothin' but comedy gold.
What really turns my stomach is how Showalter couldn't give two shits about the wife of the man he is working for being dead.
"Oh. She started shrieking..ya know..."
"Huh. Hey! I got the money...."
The callousness of those two is virtually unmatched in cinematic villainy.
As many times as I've seen this movie, I've NEVER before noticed the blood on the wall and the oven. So completely horrifying, my god.
That's part of the genius of this

########
Rank: 13
Score: 46.546375
Retrieved Text: If there's a better evening of entertainment in a dark venue than Aspen Shortsfest then I've never seen it. Year after year -- for twenty years now -- the festival serves up a heaping helping of short films as drama, comedy, animation, and documentaries that the indie world has to love.
The early show Friday night at the Wheeler Opera House in Aspen was no different that any of the short film shows I've seen in previous years. The marquee piece had to be "Red Shirley," the Velvety rocker Lou Reed's story about his 100-year-old cousin, but the program also included the hilarious "The First Anders," directed by Kristian Ussing Andersen; "For Today," a heartbreaking story out of Ethiopia by Zelalem Woldemariam; the Norwegian Emil Stang Lund's "Water Lillies," a stinging absurdist black comedy about achievement and excess body fat; the animated "Snow" by Carrie Francis Parks, a local talent from Basalt; not to mention the brilliant "Yelp" from Tiffany Shlain, her slaphappy take on technology and the modern world.
The best of the best was "West of the Moon," directed by Brent Bonacorso. I left the Wheel House the way people do when they feel they've been invited to a coming-out party for a major talent. Only later did I learn "Moon" had already won the Grand Jury Prize for Best Short Film at the Santa Barbara International Film Fest, the Best Short Film Award at the Carmel Film Festival, and the Best Short Film at the Rushes SOHO Shorts Festival. For good measure, Bonacorso's short film

########
Rank: 14
Score: 46.26277
Retrieved Text: Directed by Stanley Kubrick: "Come catch one in the yarbles! If you have any yarbles!"
NOTE: This list is not in any order, being how I kept thinking of movies as I went down the list. Monty Python should definatly be up higher, but oh well.
Its gotta be in there !!
The first real sci-fi blockbuster is perhaps the best movie ever.
This is the best inspirational movie of all time. If you are a true sports fan, you love Rocky.
Possibly the only Reeve's film worth watching, it's the best superhero film compared to Batman, and another, yet horrible one, Spiderman.
A terrific comedy that will make you laugh so hard you will wet your pants.
Another Spielberg film that will awe audiences. It may be the best extra-terrestrial film ever. It also might have the best and most incredible ending to a film I've ever seen. A captivating classic.
Although a comedy, this film is also a dramatic love tale and will be the perfect film to watch with a date (take my advice).
Rocky is quite possibly the best boxing film ever. Stallone did a great job bringing Balboa to life.
The best horror film of all time, with a knockout story, this film is definitely a film for any horror-film nut and a classic in its own way.
Patton is my pick for the best war film ever...wonderful acting on George C. Scott's part, and great script by F.F. Coppola.
The most extraordinary film about organized crime ever, and quite possibly, the best film period.
This movie was fantastic !
Mixture of comedy & drama,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 46.173573
Retrieved Text: Gladiator has been hailed as a modern version of Spartacus. I agree with that but it is so much more. We have the honor to follow the life of Maximus as he directs soldiers in country conquerings to his unjust imprisonment and his role as a gladiator in Rome. This movie is great for couples to see together. It is not just a movie fit for guys who love blood and guts but instead it is also very poetic and moving. I believe in some respects women would like this movie just as much if not more than guys would.
I think this is a very successful interpretation of the book by an obviously obscured to western audiences Russian writer Leskov. Although the purists would abhor some cuts in the opera itself, I think the singing and acting convey very well the primordial desire. Katerina never regretted the killing of her husband, according to the book - she was totally consumed by her lust to Sergei. And she despised her life in her husband's family. I give this work credit for the freedom of the artistic representation - Shostakovich did not follow the book to the last letter, so the creator of this film did not do it to his complete score, too. The perception of this work depends on a personal taste, as everything else, but I liked that the torment of Russian soul was there, and the film was generally quite successful in showing Russian way of life. I also liked that it was graphic

########
Rank: 16
Score: 46.171627
Retrieved Text: Best Comic In Houston Comedy Competition recently announced a concert schedule stopping by select areas in North America. As one of the best Comedy live performers to date, Best Comic In Houston Comedy Competition will eventually perform on stage once again for fans to attend. Take a look at the itinerary that follows to select a show that works for you. Then, you can take a look at the performance details, post it in Facebook and take a look at a big inventory of concert tickets. If you won't be able to get to any of the current shows, sign up for our Concert Tracker for notifications right when Best Comic In Houston Comedy Competition concerts are released in your town. Best Comic In Houston Comedy Competition might release extra North American concerts, so come back often for the latest updates.
Tickets for the future Best Comic In Houston Comedy Competition concert can now be purchased.
Best Comic In Houston Comedy Competition tour dates has recently been made public.
Concert schedules for all Best Comic In Houston Comedy Competition concerts are revised constantly.
Concert dates for Best Comic In Houston Comedy Competition can be found on top.
Best Comic In Houston Comedy Competition might soon come to a city near you. Check out the Best Comic In Houston Comedy Competition schedule on this page and press the ticket icon to view our big selection of tickets. Check out our selection of Best Comic In Houston Comedy Competition front row tickets, luxury boxes and VIP tickets. As soon as you locate the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 46.08167
Retrieved Text: hightouchmegastore: Time for the Best of 2006 Movies List.
The Best Movies I've Seen in 2006 So Far: The Megastore List.
Best 2005 films I saw in 2006: Nine Lives, Brokeback Mountain, Munich.
Best Movie with Murderous Male Posturing as the Main Source of Comedy: The Matador. It really was funny.
A pretty respectable list so far. Not as good as the greatest year in memory, 1999, which featured American Beauty, Being John Malkovich, Election, The Iron Giant, Go, The Matrix, Magnolia, Fight Club, The Sixth Sense, Three Kings, Sleepy Hollow, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Topsy Turvy, Run, Lola, Run, The Insider, Princess Mononoke, The End of the Affair . . . but still a pretty good list.
I want to believe you HTMS, but I don't think even you can convince me that New World is good. I just can't do it.
But I agree with you about Friends with Money, Inside Man, Brick, The Matador.
What about Kiss Kiss Bang Bang? Also a good reworking of an old genre. And I aso loved Junebug, which we just saw. But that's _old_ baby.
Also I recommend Final Cut with Robin Williams. Weird, but in a good way.
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang? Awesome, but sooooo last year, baby.
New World was weird but good. Flawed but good.
I have seen exactly zero of these movies. oh dear. Sounds like we'll be doing some DVD renting when when you come in December!!
My woeful movie attendance is nearly equaled by my woeful TV attendance.
Oh I did see Brick, however. I found it very amusing.
I saw the Conformist many years

########
Rank: 18
Score: 46.07686
Retrieved Text: Academy Award nominee, heart-warming, hit comedy from producer Judd Apatow (Bridesmaids and Trainwreck). The Big Sick is based on the real-life courtship between Pakistan-born comedian Kumail Nanjiani (Nanjiani) and grad student Emily Gordon (Zoe Kazan) who fall in love but struggle while dealing with Emily's mysterious illness and their families culture clash. Also staring Ray Romano and Holly Hunter. Included with Prime.
A warm emotional and heartfelt comedy, really had no idea that this would end up being one of my favourite films of the year! The leads are fantastic and the supporting cast only adds to the proceedings to make this one of the most enduring films I've seen. It definitely deserves the recognition it's been receiving.
Enjoyable comedy - great performances from the leads and the support cast all add a huge amount. Look out for the family scenes around the dining table - brilliantly observed! Romantic elements blend well with the comedy and the routines in the club bridge the two together really effectively. For those interested in the whole Blu-ray package - the extras are a real contrast. The commentary is one of the most irritating I've come across - you know you're in trouble when you hear "let's just sit back and watch this." Err no, this is the bit where you give us some interesting background info about the scene/actors etc. However, the additional films are great fun and I'd loved to have seen more of the stand up tour.
5.0 out of 5 starsGo bed with a smile in your face and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 45.97159
Retrieved Text: Kids in the Hall-Same Guys, New Dresses-Will it ever see release?
Discussion in 'Archived Threads 2001-2004' started by Ike, Oct 22, 2001.
I've got to see this film! I'm a huge Kids in the Hall fan, and I'd love to see this film. Is there any chance of a theatrical/video/straight to video release?
Reading about it on the IMDB is driving me nuts-it's got great reviews, and sounds fantastic, not to mention, it'd be so cool to catch the Kids doing some of the old skits now-like a musician preforming their classic songs, not to mention, a few new ones!
I'd give anything to see this (even if it was on VHS!). Surely I'm not alone. Who owns this?
A few of the exceptionally kind folks at alt.tv.kids-in-hall have volunteered to dupe copies. I'm sure you'll get a few offers if you post a message there.
I'm not aware of any plans for a VHS/DVD release, though.
I too am a big Kids in the Hall fan. I would like Brain Candy on DVD as well, I own it on VHS, but as we all know that simply won't do. I didn't know there was another movie out. I want to see it badly now.
-Brad "My marrow's low" W.
Kids in the Hall-Same Guys, new Dresses is not a theatrical film.
It is a comedy special that aired on the CBC Canadian TV network last month...it was made for television, although it did receive a few one-time-only screenings at comedy festivals.
American viewers should keep an eye out for airings on Comedy Central and other such

########
Rank: 20
Score: 45.9678
Retrieved Text: "Gabriel Iglesias is one of America's most successful stand-up comedians performing to sold-out concerts around the world. He is also one of the most watched comedians on YouTube with over 300,000,000 views. The comedian has also had the distinct honor of being one of the few to headline and sell-out Madison Square Garden and The Microsoft Theater.
Iglesias' feature film credits include co-starring roles in A Haunted House 2, and his voice can be heard in numerous animated films Smurfs: The Lost Village, Norm of the North, The Book of Life, The Nut Job and Disney’s Planes. Gabriel also starred in the theatrical stand-up concert comedy film, The Fluffy Movie. For the past three years Comedy Central has aired Iglesias’ hit series Stand-Up Revolution. The cable network also premiered Gabriel Iglesias: Aloha Fluffy in an unprecedented two-night comedy special to over 15 million viewers. "
Tickets available at Ticketmaster.com or at the Alabama Theatre.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 45.96396
Retrieved Text: Oracle: Son, this isn't a game - not like one of your eighth-grade basketball ones that I missed - I'm talking about saving the world.
It's hard to find a good comedy these days, and I did not expect to find one in a low budget independent film. Part action film, part comedy, and part disaster/horror film this was a seriously fun movie. Made on what looks to be a very modest budget, it never distracts from all the fun and excitement happening on screen. While it drags a little at the end the rest of the film soars by riding on witting dialogue, great one liners, fun action sequences, and great performances.
I was really impressed with the writing of the film. This was probably it's biggest strength. As good as the writing was though it wouldn't have had the same effect without the great actors who delivered the lines. Rick Macy and Darin Southman (who I've only ever seen in serious roles) performances were a big highlight for me. But the show goes to the leading man Charan Prabhaka who is both a great action hero and hilarious! Brady Blum's performance was also good, but there were a few times were he was a little over the top for me. Overall though this is an extremely funny movie (better than most Hollywood comedies), that you will not regret taking the time to check it out.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 45.90792
Retrieved Text: As an intense and devoted Marvel fan, there are so many of these films that I enjoy that it's very difficult for me to choose a favorite out of this multitude of great cinema. However, today I will attempt to choose a top 5. It's no easy task, but I will certainly attempt to do my best.
While I know this may be a controversial pick for one of my favorite movies in this genre, it has been intensely meaningful to me over the last year. It's a stark reminder of our own emotional fragility in the face of life. Being on a team is literally the furthest thing from easy that exists, and you can already see the seeds of discontent being sowed that only further erupt in Civil War.
But I think the most important thing about this film is how large and, at the same time, small it is. The darkest souls and the brightest souls are slowly uncovered, and the relationships woven throughout become colorful like the brightest tapestry. The quiet home life of Clint and the sadness so evident behind Bruce's eyes are what made this movie for me. It felt real.
This film is pure comedic brilliance. I am the hugest fan of wacky comedy, and this film gave me all I wished for and more. But even with the comedy, I didn't lose sight of the relationships. I saw the love Scott has for his daughter and the gentleness he wished he had. Scott is fueled by his need for revenge on

########
Rank: 23
Score: 45.89034
Retrieved Text: Reviews of two biographical documentaries that premiered last night at the 2019 Tribeca Film Festival.
A look ahead at the 2019 summer movie season, starring ten of our most anticipated films.
An article about the African-American Film Critic's Association's announcement that 2016 is the best year for Blacks in cinema.
Was Spike Lee's "The Original Kings of Comedy" red-lined? Lee doesn't think so. His concert film starring four black comedians opened last Aug. 18 to astonishingly good business, and some believed it was prevented from winning the number one spot at the nation's box office because it was released on only 847 screens, grossing $11 million. The weekend's winner, "The Cell," was on 2,411 screens, grossing $17.5 million.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 45.83644
Retrieved Text: Columbus will be hosting a bunch of Comedy performances that you can see in the itinerary below. Make sure to RSVP by using Facebook, take a look at event specifics and purchase tickets for the following Comedy events planned in Columbus. Concert Fix offers a 100% guarantee for all tickets to the Comedy concerts in Columbus. Get the latest tour announcements for Comedy events in Columbus by visiting our Tour announcements page. The Comedy concert calendar for Columbus will be constantly changing, so visit this page often for the latest list of the Comedy events planned in the city of Columbus.
Schedule for the Comedy concerts in Columbus is revised on a regular basis.
Newport Music Hall and Southern Theatre both have lots of Comedy concert events coming up.
These next Comedy concerts is going to be some of the most popular Columbus Comedy concerts in a long time.
Columbus continues to be one of the top cities for Comedy concert tours in the nation.
Tickets for all Columbus Comedy concerts are protected with a 100% moneyback guarantee.
Columbus right now has a busy list of Comedy concert tours visiting Columbus in the next few months. A selection of Comedy music's top tours are about to have concerts in Columbus. You cannot miss some of the Comedy concert fever that Columbus has to offer at some of the most magnificant venues in the country. Just view the dates provided for all the best Columbus Comedy concerts. Our Columbus concert schedule is refreshed up to the minute in case their are any changes.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 45.76801
Retrieved Text: Just a couple of hours after posting the first look at Leatherheads, the trailer for the film has debuted online as well. The film is a football comedy set in the 1920s directed by and starring George Clooney and John Krasinski. This movie looks great, I've got such a good feeling from the trailer. Probably something to do with the music and all the good one-liners they've thrown into it, but damn, this could be good!
The flick is written by both Duncan Brantley and Rick Reilly. If you don't know who Rick Reilly is, you should probably read up about him and/or some of his articles. My good friend Jessica has mentioned Reilly a lot and says that he is definitely one of the greatest sports writers ever, so I think that's is a good sign for Leatherheads. Hearing that emphasis combined with what I've seen below - I'm there!
Leatherheads is directed by George Clooney, who also directed 2005's Good Night, and Good Luck. The film is currently set to arrive in theaters on April 4th, 2008.
It's pretty funny! I like the ending scene where they fist fights.
OMG looks soo good! I'm so excited because Rick Reilly truly is the greatest sports writer ever and since I'm mentioned in the article I'd have to say that I'm one of the leading authorities on that subject..... Can't wait until April 2008!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 45.753918
Retrieved Text: Summary: The story of two criminals who disguise themselves as Santa Claus and his elf, traveling across the country to malls and taking advantage of the good will people have towards Santa to rob the stores blind.
Dark but hilarious. Billy Bob at his finest. And please don't even get me started on Thurman Murman! They are one of my favorite comedy duos of the century.
Literally one of the funniest things I've ever seen in my life... Billy Bob, Tony Cox & the late greats, John Ritter & Bernie Mac was hilariously outstanding.
Very funny film and policitally incorrect film. What is so surreal about it is that the film ends with a sense of good will, without it being a tacky happy ending. It's hard to describe, but at the end of this offensive movie, i felt strangely uplifted.
It seems like whoever wrote and directed this movie wasnt even going for a comedy. The whole idea was to make it as disguisting as possible. every scene was a dull moment designed to make the viewer uncomfortable. the movie mostly just depressed me and my companion.
We rank the top holiday movies released since 2000.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 45.50694
Retrieved Text: Advanced Dungeons and Parenting: I'm Not Letting Undiscovered Go Undiscovered.
I'm Not Letting Undiscovered Go Undiscovered.
The movie Undiscovered, an apparent Romantic Comedy along the lines of Serendipity (but this looks better, comes out this weekend.
I have only seen one trailer for this film, but what I have seen has given me a great desire to see it. As far as I can tell the narrative begins with an unfulfilled "love at first sight" occurance on a crowded Subway. Our fated lovers see one another, but lose one another in the mass of people that is New York. That's okay because even if our protagonists were to have had the follow-up conversation it wouldn't have worked because Luke, our male fated lover, is heading to Los Angeles to become a successful rock musician. Fate has it in store for our young lovers though because Brier (the female fated lover) is heading to LA to become an actress.
I know, I know, it sounds lame, but trust me when I saw the preview my heart warmed at the thought of an entertaining romantic comedy. This year's crop has been a little clumsy, good sure but still clumsy, and I am looking for the first fluid one. You know it isn't a bumper crop when Wedding Crashers is the best romantic comedy of the season. I loved Crashers, but their should have been a more heartwarming romantic comedy. My hope is that Undiscovered is that comedy.
Pro: From what I have seen the dialogue is witty. The story is a standard fated

########
Rank: 28
Score: 45.324192
Retrieved Text: Two decades after Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels’ endearingly dense pairing spun slapstick comedy into box office gold in Dumb and Dumber, the long-awaited sequel, Dumb and Dumber To, arrived on Digital HD on February 3, 2015 and on DVD and Blu-ray™ Combo Pack and On Demand on February 17, 2015 from Universal Pictures Home Entertainment. Directed by Peter and Bobby Farrelly (Dumb and Dumber; There’s Something about Mary; Me, Myself and Irene) the Dumb and Dumber To Blu-ray™ Combo Pack offers hilarious extra belly laughs including an alternate opening, deleted and extended scenes, and a multi-part feature that takes viewers behind the scenes of the no-holds-barred comedy.
* What’s so Smart about Dumb and Dumber To? From stress relief to providing a new perspective on life, the film’s cast and crew and the author of Psychology for Dummies make the case for why you sometimes need to step back from the seriousness of life and just get dumb.
* Chapter 1 – “I Like it a Lot” – The Beginning—Join Jim Carrey, Jeff Daniels and the Farrelly Brothers on-set as they give you the hows, whats, whys and huhs behind making dumb magic all over again.
* Chapter 2.5 – “That’s Insane!” – The Cameos—Meet the fan favorites, powerful executives, brilliant musicians, and comedy legends who pop up throughout the film in surprising (and surprisingly dumb) ways!
* Chapter 3 – “We’re Gunna Need Some Wheels” – The Cars— Take a ride on the Zamboni, go inside the hearse, and discover the story behind the triumphant return of the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 45.2255
Retrieved Text: What Margaret did know is that she didn’t love being a kid. Racing toward adulthood to escape bullying, she began writing jokes at 14 and professionally performing at age 16. Getting picked on, and feeling disenfranchised, is a subject that’s very near to Margaret’s heart. She has become a sort of “Patron Saint” for Outsiders, speaking for them when they are not able to speak for themselves Along with advocating for gay rights and bullying, Margaret recently began working with Homeless people on the streets of San Francisco as a tribute to her dear friend, Robin Williams.
Soon after starting her Stand Up career, Margaret won a comedy contest where first prize was opening for Jerry Seinfeld. She moved to Los Angeles in the early ’90s and, still in her early twenties, hit the college circuit, where she immediately became the most booked act in the market and garnered a nomination for “Campus Comedian of The Year.” She performed over 300 concerts within two years. Arsenio Hall introduced her to late night audiences, Bob Hope put her on a prime time special and, seemingly overnight, Margaret Cho became a national celebrity.
The experience was a traumatic one, bringing up unresolved feelings left over from childhood, and Margaret developed an eating disorder as a response to criticism about her body. She was so obsessive in her goal to try to be what she thought others wanted, she landed in the hospital with kidney failure. Through out a period of self-abuse, Margaret continued performing to sold-out audiences across the country

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.556566
Retrieved Text: See where Samuel Dirkes ranks.
Taylor James won the 1,600, 200, and high jump, and finished second in the 400.
Kain Medrano tops the list as the No.1 thrower in the state.
Broomfield Shootout Lives Up To The Hype!
Seven year-old Kahlael Allen went stride for stride with competitors twice his size.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.08808
Retrieved Text: Director : Nick Broomfield, Rudi Dolezal.
Producer : Nick Broomfield, Marc Hoeferlin.
‘Whitney: Can I Be Me’ is a movie genre Documentary, was released in April 24, 2017. Nick Broomfield was directed this movie and starring by Whitney Houston. This movie tell story about The life and tragic death of Whitney Houston.
Do not miss to Watch movie Whitney: Can I Be Me (2017) Online for free with your family. only 2 step you can Watch or download this movie with high quality video. Come and join us! because very much movie can you watch free streaming.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.671997
Retrieved Text: Surprisingly, the answer is big! Even if your claim to fame is being Snooki on the reality show Jersey Shore, your private life is up for grabs by celebrity websites and tabloid media. There’s also the danger of becoming “too familiar” with tweets and personal blogs that tend to minimize the impact of your art. Finally, research has documented the “VIP syndrome,” where celebrities get less than optimal treatment by health care professionals who vie to be your personal doctor because you’re famous. What can a celebrity do?
When in doubt, play it safe. With the internet and media, “transparency” is the name of the game in the 21st century. Yet you actually don’t need to stay current by revealing minutiae from your private life 24/7. In fact, the more distance you create between your personal and onstage self, the greater the allure. Greta Garbo understood the power of mystery; so does Julia Roberts who has kept a seductive distance between her private life and onscreen persona. So can you. After all, you don’t want to be yesterday’s flavor as the media looks for a new crop of attractive characters. Protecting your personal life and children is also a way to preserve your sanity. So by all means, hype your new movie, album, or role but leave your audience asking for more. In the end, the art form is far more pertinent than the person behind the persona.
The VIP syndrome, on the other hand, is a lot more scary. While I have great respect for health care

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.136974
Retrieved Text: Evil Academy - Book: "The Orphan Conspiracies"
Evil Academy > Discourse > Freethinker's Academy > Book: "The Orphan Conspiracies"
Full Version: Book: "The Orphan Conspiracies"
"The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy"
Quote: Diverse subjects such as mind control, eugenics, false flag operations, The Queen's hidden assets, secret prisons, The Catcher in the Rye enigma, political assassinations, medical cover-ups, genius learning techniques, Yamashita's Gold, the Jonestown mystery, Americanized Nazis, the bankrupting of Third World nations, underground bases, the US Federal Reserve, the New World Order, forbidden science, the War on Drugs, subliminal messages and even extraterrestrials.
Massimo Mazzucco’s 2010 documentary film Cancer: The Forbidden Cures is a good starting place for those searching for natural cures.
There are references to chess throughout the trilogy. Our orphans play rapid-fire matches known as Lightning Chess in which entire games are completed in 10 minutes or less. This is based on the theory that by playing the board game from a young age, certain parts of a child’s brain develop quicker than normal, especially areas relating to strategy. Playing Lightning Chess and multiple games simultaneously once again relates to thinking so fast that the conscious mind must yield to the superior subconscious.
Often referred to as White Gold or White Gold Powder, Ormus is a real substance discovered by science several decades ago. As it has been said to balance both hemispheres of the brain and therefore allow for whole brain learning, some believe Ormus to be a natural (legal) version of the smart drug Bradley Cooper’s character took in the 2011 movie

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.096622
Retrieved Text: Oil and Gas Development in Colorado: Is Consensus Possible?
CDR facilitated the high-profile and challenging Broomfield Oil and Gas Comprehensive Plan Update Committee (Committee). A 14-person, citizen-committee, comprised of diverse and divergent perspectives regarding oil and gas, worked for over six months to develop a consensus agreement that was adopted by the Broomfield City Council.
Oil and gas development has been important to Colorado for decades. As both Colorado’s population and the international demand for oil and gas have continued to climb, oil and gas development has encroached on urban and suburban areas, while cities and towns have sprawled towards historic oil and gas areas. Landowners are sometimes frustrated to learn about the state law that allows a “split estate.” Split estate means that surface property rights are the landowner’s rights to the surface of the land and mineral rights are property rights to the minerals beneath the surface of the land. These mineral rights can be “split off” from surface rights, meaning minerals beneath the land can be owned by a separate entity. Mineral rights include a mineral owner’s right to explore, mine and produce the rocks, minerals, oil, or natural gas below the surface of the property. This includes the right to enter upon the land and extract those minerals or receive royalty from the extraction of the minerals. In Colorado, the fact that surface and mineral rights for the same area of land may have different owners can result in disputes.
In response to public concerns and anger toward an oil and gas proposal that would

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.866539
Retrieved Text: Your God Is Too Glorious Finding God in the Most Unexpected Places by Chad Bird Baker Books Christian Pub Date 02 Jan 2018 I am reviewing a copy of Your God is Too Glorious from Baker Books and Netgalley: This book reminds us that we are ordinary people who have both good days and bad days. We look at our lives are radically ordinary and unexciting. This is the kind of livesGod gets excited about while the world worships beauty power and wealth. We learn God hides his glory in the simple, the mundane, the foolish working in unawesome people and places and things. In a world of celebrity worship and posturing this is a refreshing, even informative way of understanding God and our place in creation. In this book we are urged to treasure a life of simplicity, to love those the world is so quick to pass by, for God's glory not our own. Your God is Too Glorious reminds us that it is often the quiet, unimpressive people who make the biggest impact. I give Your God is Too Glorious five out of five stars! Happy Reading!
This book reminds us that we are ordinary people who have both good days and bad days. We look at our lives are radically ordinary and unexciting. This is the kind of livesGod gets excited about while the world worships beauty power and wealth. We learn God hides his glory in the simple, the mundane, the foolish working in unawesome people and places and things.
In a world

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.811646
Retrieved Text: Oprah Winfrey, talk show host and leader of housewives everywhere, picked a new book for Oprah’s Book Club. The book is a collection of short stories by Nigerian author Uwem Akpan entitled, “Say You’re One Of Them.” The book is a collection of stories written from the point of view of an African child.
As far as celebrity deaths go, 2009 has been flush with headline-grabbers. If some higher being is trying to shake us up to lessen our obsession with celebrity, it’s backfiring. But not for the deceased. We’ve all heard plenty about celebrities seeing resurgence in popularity through the only inevitability in life (the basis for some conspiracies surrounding Tupac, for example). Similarly, the theory of public figures becoming canonized by dying prematurely is well-known and oft-discussed. But what about public figures that had fallen out of our favor prior to their death? We overlook their faults and flaws and focus on the positive. Death is the whitewash that clears the dirt and grime from their legacies. Vindication is the buzz word for these fallen stars. Catholics have long promoted penitence as the method for redemption, but the simple, inevitable act of meeting one’s end has proven to be the best way to win back our hearts. Our collective opinion becomes softened by pity, and that pity becomes the conduit for the resurrection of our long lost appreciation of the deceased’s talent. Let’s coin this as “The Redemption Through Demise Theory”.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.781746
Retrieved Text: Science Channel » Programs » Biblical Conspiracies: Jesus Family Tomb?
Biblical Conspiracies: Jesus Family Tomb?
It is one of the most controversial ancient artifacts ever found and the center of a decade long controversy. The James Ossuary, a burial bone box that dates to the 1st century, has on it, an inscription that states, “James, son of Joseph, brother of Jesus.” It has been considered by some to be fake, by others to be the first piece of hard archaeological evidence of the physical existence of Jesus of Nazareth. Biblical historian Simcha Jacobovici helps unpack the mystery surrounding this potentially explosive find in BIBLICAL CONSPIRACIES: JESUS FAMILY TOMB?, premiering Easter weekend, Saturday, April 15 at 10 p.m. ET/PT on Science Channel.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.477686
Retrieved Text: Description: Have you ever wished that God would give you some insight into what lies ahead in life? Maybe just a clue about our relationships, or our job future, or even our health? Wouldn't it be awesome to know what was going to happen tomorrow or the next day? The Apostle Paul reminds us that there is a reason we don't have that ability; a reason why our future can seem mysterious and unknown and it is called TODAY. "Today is the day that the Lord has made! let us rejoice and be glad in IT". Life is mysterious for a purpose. Join us as we continue our series from Ephesians by starting Chapter 3 and taking a lesson from Paul on making the most out of the mystery.
Have you ever wished that God would give you some insight into what lies ahead in life? Maybe just a clue about our relationships, or our job future, or even our health? Wouldn't it be awesome to know what was going to happen tomorrow or the next day? The Apostle Paul reminds us that there is a reason we don't have that ability; a reason why our future can seem mysterious and unknown and it is called TODAY. "Today is the day that the Lord has made! let us rejoice and be glad in IT". Life is mysterious for a purpose. Join us as we continue our series from Ephesians by starting Chapter 3 and taking a lesson from Paul on making the most out of the mystery.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.466633
Retrieved Text: Mystery smolders beneath the velvety folds of this aroma. An intriguing blend of leather and musk, the bright top note of lemon is sure to infuse zest, making every day special. The embellished gold bottle radiates with the clarity of crisp bergamot and delicate violet.
??? ???? ???? ?????? ???????? ???? ???? ??? ??? ?????? ???? ??? ????? ?????? ?????? ?? ?????? ?????? ??? ?????? ????????? ????? ??????? ???? ???? ?????? ?? ???????? ??? ?? ???. ???? ????? ?? ????? ????? ????? ????? ?? ???? ???????? ???? ???????? ??????.
??? ?????: ?????? ???????? ??????????
????? ?????: ??? ????? ?????? ???????? ????????
It reminds me of incense from the 60's...but real subtle and VERY nice. It has a hint of woodsy. I like mixing it with Noora.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.370848
Retrieved Text: Super Bowl LIII is straight ahead this Sunday and the game appears to be a toss-up. One can only hope it has the excitement of the Conference Championships. But each year the game is more than a game, it’s a viewing “event” where the ads are as important or more (to the advertisers) than the game itself.
Ads are often viewed in groups at parties and are scorned or celebrated, and the day after “ratings” for the ads can be brutal.
Each year my friends at MayoSeitz Media, a very talented group of media professionals reminds us of the key advertisers, costs, and some of the history of the event.
Below is their recent blog post about the forthcoming game from the MayoSeitz Media Monitor, titled the Super Bowl of Advertising. Good stuff.
What this means is that if you are going to be a Super Bowl advertiser, then the spot needs to be great—not just good. Because there is nothing worse than spending $5+ Million and then being slammed on the Monday after for airing a weak commercial. In addition, your spot needs to be more than merely effective. To justify the hype, it needs to be a “mini-film” that others will want to view repeatedly. Therefore, talking babies, animals, big production, celebrity talent, etc. should be part of the plan.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.28596
Retrieved Text: Luxury Arista Apartments in Broomfield.
AMLI Arista is ideally located between Boulder and Denver in the up and coming Arista neighborhood, located between US-36 and Wadsworth Pkwy off of Arista Place. Eclectic shopping, exciting entertainment choices and expansive parks surround our Broomfield CO apartments. With convenient access to RTD buses, US-36, and the Interlocken Loop, getting where you want to go is easy.
AMLI's Arista apartments boast exceptional community amenities that include a heated resort-style pool, state-of-the-art fitness center, cyber lounge, and clubhouse with entertainment TV and billiards room. Our Broomfield apartments also offer breathtaking scenic views, a guest suite for our residents' family and friends, gated access, and covered parking. There's a lot to love about life at AMLI Arista!
AMLI's Broomfield CO apartments offer 1 bedroom, 2 bedroom and 3 bedroom floor plans that feature gourmet kitchens with granite countertops and sleek contemporary appliances, full-size washers and dryers, vaulted ceilings, spacious closets, cozy fireplaces, and private patios and balconies.
Residents of AMLI's Arista apartments also enjoy the benefits of our exceptional customer service, convenient resident programs, a dedication to the surrounding community and a worry-free living experience. Residents love coming home to our Broomfield apartments.
Visit our beautiful community today!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.209015
Retrieved Text: Titanic Mystery Bundle contains 2 hidden object mysteries for you to solve! Investigate a murder in Inspector Magnusson - Murder on the Titanic. Find a hidden bomb in 1912 Titanic Mystery. Search for clues, uncover secrets and find the truth behind 2 deadly conspiracies. Play the Titanic Mystery Bundle today!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.12294
Retrieved Text: Follow Hype Life Magazine on Instagram!
Home ▸ Press Release ▸ Follow Hype Life Magazine on Instagram!
Follow Hype Life Magazine on Instagram for exclusive visuals relating to Dancehall and Hip Hop entertainment, celebrity gossips, fashion, lifestyle and more.
We’ll also be posting pictures and videos to Instagram as we do behind the scenes of digital media projects such as video shoots, backstage of events and content from our website.
You don’t have to worry, we don’t think we’ll be taking any pictures of food or posting too often but moderate.
Previous ArticlePHOTO: Lady Saw Sports Batty Rider, Flaunts Clean & Round Up Booty!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.119684
Retrieved Text: The BBB selection for March is Killers of the Osage Moon: The Osage murders and the Birth of the FBI (nonfiction) by David Grann.
were members of the Osage Nation in Oklahoma. After oil was discovered beneath their land, the Osage rode in chauffeured automobiles, built mansions, and sent their children to study in Europe. Then, one by one, the Osage began to be killed off … under mysterious circumstances, and many of those who dared to investigate the killings were themselves murdered … The newly created FBI took up the case, and young … J. Edgar Hoover, turned to … former Texas Ranger … Tom White to try to unravel the mystery. White’s … undercover team, included a Native American agent … and together with the Osage began to expose one of the most chilling conspiracies in American history.” (Amazon Books). Please join us on March 6 at noon in the Fireside Room to discuss this important part of our history.
“In the early 1900s, teenaged Sunja, the adored daughter of a crippled fisherman, falls for a wealthy stranger at the seashore near her home in Korea. He promises her the world, but when she discovers she is pregnant and that her lover is married – she refuses to be bought. Instead, she accepts an offer of marriage from a gentle, sickly minister passing through on his way to Japan. But her decision to abandon her home, and to reject her son’s powerful father, sets off a dramatic saga that will echo down through the generations.
Richly told

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.78933
Retrieved Text: The science fiction mystery that’s now a major anime, from the creator of No Game, No Life!
Amid all the conspiracies and plots, the government is forced to come to a stalemate. When threats from mysterious parties and all-powerful weapons seem impossible to overcome, the leader of the military coup starts calling the shots. What’s more, the leader’s intent behind the coup is more dangerous to humanity than any could have imagined. Japan’s national crisis has hit its peak, and Naoto and his friends stand at the core!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.67681
Retrieved Text: Daniel Riggin's willingness to help, without seeking praise or attention, and his gracious manner were not lost on Legacy High School teacher Rod Deines, who endorsed Riggin for this year's Youth Heart of Broomfield Award.
"Daniel has a wonderful gift of being friendly and helpful to others an is a kind and courteous young man," he wrote in his nomination letter. "He is worthy of any award as he has proven to be successful at whatever endeavors he pursues."
Sherill Bunetta, president and treasurer of the Broomfield Council of Arts and Humanity, met Riggin several years ago when he volunteered at Summer Sundays at the Brunner Farmhouse.
"He impressed me immediately with his politeness, appearance and willingness to help wherever necessary," Bunetta said.
Riggin has volunteered at every Summer Sunday event since.
She discovered that he is proud of his community, is an "outstanding" student at Legacy High School and that he volunteers for Broomfield FISH and Senior Resources of Broomfield.
"All of this didn't surprise me because he is a very caring individual and realizes the importance of serving his community," she said. "I look forward to seeing him each summer."
In the past, he has unloaded and sorted food for the Stamp Out Hunger postal food drive, helps setup and take down stands at the Broomfield Farmers Market, worked in FISH's marketplace, taken photos at the Helping Young Professionals Evolve bowling fundraiser, served as a greeter and usher at the Broomfield Community Foundation's Dancing with the Broomfield Stars and is a food drive captain for both his neighborhood and his grandmother's

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.6511
Retrieved Text: Do you want to serve your country honorably in one of our distinguished branches of the military? This is a great way to develop your character and earn a world-class education while getting paid to do so. Scoring high on the ASVAB will dramatically increase your career options within the military. Acheiving a high score takes consistent, guided practice. There are lots of great materials available to work from, but having a tutor to guide your studying and answer challenging questions will save you a lot of time and allow you to learn more effectively. All the tutoring we do is one-on-one and in-person. Our tutors will review fundamental concepts, teach you about timing and eleminiation, and give you the tools you need to study independently outside of sessions so you can acheive that high score you want. Our certified ASVAB tutors in Broomfield, CO have helped hundreds of students improve their ASVAB scores and get accepted into great programs. We can meet wherever and whenever is convenient for you.
What truly sets us apart from other ASVAB prep courses in Broomfield, CO is our incredibly talented ASVAB prep tutors, our award-winning ASVAB curriculum, and our superior methodology. All tutoring is in-person and one-on-one which is by far the most effective way to boost ASVAB scores. Here are the most significant advantages of our ASVAB prep courses. Ready to get started? Call us at (720) 943 - 7304 or fill out our short registration from at the top of this page.
Our ASVAB prep courses in Broomfield, CO

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.639551
Retrieved Text: Jason began his career with Broomfield Construction Ltd in 2003 working on a large number of projects. He has substantial experience with this company and quickly obtained a leading Project Management Role with Broomfield Construction Ltd. Jason became the Managing Director in 2016 and oversees the construction contracts as well as managing a few jobs as a contracts manager. Jason also manages the health and safety aspects of the company and recently lead Broomfield to obtaining Safe T Cert Accreditation. He is also a chartered member of the CIOB and is very keen on continuing his and the companies professional development.
Patrick was the Managing Director until 2016 and Co-founded Broomfield Construction Ltd over 40 years ago in 1973. He proved his talent at associate and project leader level, managing large scale mixed-use residential developments, commercial office, education and master-planning projects. Patrick oversees the business development and construction management aspects of the company.
Colm began his career with John Sisk & Son Ltd in 2005 working on a large number of projects and gained substantial experience with this company. He joined Broomfield in 2011 as a quantity surveyor and in 2013 he was promoted to Commercial Manager. Just this year in 2016 Colm became a Director with Broomfield Construction and looks after the financial end of the company.
Kevin began his career in 2008 with Broomfield Construction after obtaining his degree from Dundalk Institute of Technology. He secured a full time position and leading role with Broomfield Construction as a Site Manager / Contracts Manager and is highly valued

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.507242
Retrieved Text: 7th Sea is a tabletop roleplaying game of swashbuckling and intrigue, exploration and adventure, taking place on the continent of Theah, a land of magic and mystery inspired by our own Europe. Players take the roles of heroes thrown into global conspiracies and sinister plots, exploring ancient ruins of a race long vanished and protecting the rightful kings and queens of Theah from murderous villains.
Raid the villainous fleets of Vodacce Merchant Princes!
Make decisions that alter the very course of Thean history!
In 7th Sea, you are a Hero, an icon of Theah ready to live and die for causes that matter. You bravely take on a dozen thugs with swords, knives and guns all on your own. You are the trusted knight, a loyal bodyguard or even an adventuring queen herself.
In other words—you are d’Artagnan, Milady de Winter, the Dread Pirate Roberts, Jack Sparrow, Julie d’Aubigney, and the Scarlet Pimpernel all rolled up in one!
This is a game of high adventure, mystery and action. This is a game of intrigue and romance.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.40428
Retrieved Text: Get free advice from local experts and find your new apartment rental in Broomfield Colorado today!
We are more than just listings of apartment rentals in Broomfield Colorado. We are a free Broomfield apartment finder service that is based locally in Colorado with real people answering the phones, yes that's right, real people that can help you find the perfect apartment for rent in Broomfield, for free! No tricks, no gimmics, and our service is completeley free for renters!
Whether you are looking for urban apartment living in your own loft, or a live work space for your small business, a furnished apartment, or an apartment within walking distance to the Broomfield Event Center to take in a concert or hockey game... we've got it all right here! From luxury apartments in Broomfield to the newest apartments in Broomfield CO, finding an apartment in Broomfield has never been easier.
We'll tell you about the specifics of each apartment community, including their facilities and lifestyle benefits. We'll explain the differences and benefits of each apartment location so you can make the best decision about wich apartment community is the best fit for you. Bringing the pets? No problem, we have pet friendly apartments in Broomfield CO. We'll tell you which properties are offering move in specials and which properties have the floorplans your looking for.
Welcome to Broomfield and we look forward to helping you locate your perfect apartment!
Report your lease to Broomfield Apartments and receive a Target Gift card!
When we help find your new apartment in Broomfield, write us on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.19048
Retrieved Text: Wow guys, it’s been a while. The past few weeks have been INSANE (happy 2017?) and I have missed y’all. But I have the perfect post to keep things short and sweet today, so during the next coffee break you have at work – have a read.
Per the title, no it’s not The Curve Confessions’ Instagram (but def follow that too). This post is actually all about one of the best people on Instagram ever, Celeste Barber. Celeste is an Australian comedian with a killer Instagram account – which in short, parodies celebrity photos (see Celeste’s Instagram here).
As you’ll see in her feed, she’s got major body confidence, and I think this is something we should all take note of. The Instagram platform can make us all a little overly aware of how “perfect” we look (i.e., finding the right lighting, pose, background, filter), but Celeste’s complete mockery of it all just gets me every time. And not to mention, she reminds us that these celebrity photos can be downright outrageous, and completely unattainable for most of us in real life.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.167582
Retrieved Text: People dropped major coin on stuff like Tupac's nose ring.
What does a nose ring, a half eaten piece of french toast and a bag of chopped off hair all have in common? They’re worth A LOT of loot…depending on who they belonged to, that is.
A few geniuses/lucky entrepreneurs/hustlers had the come up of a lifetime thanks to these celebrity knick knacks and leftovers that surprisingly racked in a major profit. Who knew there was a demand for Tupac’s nose ring, Justin Timberlake’s leftover breakfast, and a bag of air from a Kanye West recording session?
Take a look at some of the most bizarre celebrity keepsakes.
Love celebs? Catch up on our biggest Oscar Conspiracies throughout the years.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.12555
Retrieved Text: *Patriots: Book One (Deal, Not Free) by Will Kane Thompson. Price: $0.99. Genre: Thriller Deal of the Day, Sponsor, Conspiracy, Politics. Rated: 5 stars on 13 Reviews. 326 pages. ASIN: B07655DBJ9.
*In Memory of Man: Dawn of AI (Deal, Not Free) by Robert Kiesling. Price: $0.99. Genre: Alien Thriller Deal of the Day, Sponsor, Government Conspiracy Thriller, Suspense Thriller. Rated: 5 stars on 5 Reviews. 174 pages. ASIN: B0743LQC2G.
*(Free for Kindle Unlimited) Wendall’s Lullaby (Deal, Not Free) by Kip Koelsch. Price: $2.99. Genre: Environmental Thriller Deal, Sponsor, Why are Dolphins Dying, Government Conspiracy. Rated: 4.1 stars on 5 Reviews. 602 pages. ASIN: B074KHLF4P.
*(Free for Kindle Unlimited) Wendall’s Lullaby (Deal, Not Free) by Kip Koelsch. Price: $2.99. Genre: Thriller Deal, Sponsor, Dolphin Deaths, Government Infiltration, Conspiracy Thriller. Rated: 4.1 stars on 5 Reviews. 602 pages. ASIN: B074KHLF4P.
*(Free for Kindle Unlimited) Wendall’s Lullaby (Deal, Not Free) by Kip Koelsch. Price: $2.99. Genre: Mystery Deal, Sponsor, Why are Masses of Dolphins Dying, Conspiracy Mystery, Government Infiltration. Rated: 4.1 stars on 5 Reviews. 602 pages. ASIN: B074KHLF4P.
*Close to the Bones by Craig Martelle. Price: Free. Genre: Financial Thrillers, Terrorism, Conspiracies. Rated: 4.3 stars on 33 Reviews. 360 pages. ASIN: B073RWV1CF.
*Patchwork Pieces (Patchwork People Book 3) (Repeat) by D.B. Martin. Price: Free. Genre: Legal Thriller, Conspiracies. Rated: 4.8 stars on 19 Reviews. 294 pages. ASIN: B00U0LFAB8.
*(Free for Kindle Unlimited) Wendall’s Lullaby (Deal, Not Free) by Kip Koelsch. Price: $2.99. Genre: Secret Society Thriller Deal, Sponsor, Conspiracy Thriller. Rated: 4.1 stars on 5 Reviews. 602 pages. ASIN: B074KHLF4P.
Say You’re Sorry: A Gripping Crime

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.112272
Retrieved Text: On behalf of IFC Films we are pleased to share the official trailer for their upcoming film, DEVIL’S PASS. Directed by Renny Harlin (Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger), the film follows five American college students as they explore the infamous Dyatlov’s Pass in hopes of uncovering the mystery of nine Russian hikers who made the same trek in 1959 – only to be found dead two weeks later.
The real life mystery of the Dyatlov Pass Incident has baffled investigators and researchers for decades, and rumors have attributed their strange deaths to everything from alien encounters to government conspiracies. Check out the brand new trailer to join a new generation of explorers as they make their way through the infamous Ural Mountains and uncover secrets more shocking than they could have ever imagined.
DEVIL’S PASS opens in select theaters and will be available on cable VOD, as well as digital platforms (including iTunes and SundanceNow) on August 23rd. Please find additional information and assets from the film below – including the official poster.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.021322
Retrieved Text: Broomfield residents know that the hot dry summer is right around the corner. If you are looking for swamp cooler in Broomfield, you’ve come to the right place. Brothers Plumbing, Heating, and Electric is a reliable provider of portable swamp coolers in Broomfield. For many years, we have been providing quality portable swamp coolers in Broomfield and the surrounding areas. We have established a great reputation in this area and have a large number of customers who are completely satisfied with the products and services they have received from our company.
Our team of professional Broomfield swamp cooler experts is always standing by to help keep cool. Give us a call or click here to learn more about our affordable and reliable cooling services today!
At Brothers Plumbing, Heating, and Electric, we have an amazing selection of Broomfield evaporative coolers at affordable prices. Not only is our portable swamp cooler in Broomfield designed to effectively lower the temperature of indoor air, it also makes the atmosphere more pleasant. With Broomfield evaporative coolers, the cooled air is slightly damper and gets recirculated which leaves your home cool, but not overly dry.
With air conditioners old air is recirculated, which reduces the humidity, proves unhealthy and uncomfortable in a dry climate. A moderate amount of humidity keeps the body’s mucous membranes moist, which increases those membranes’ effectiveness at boosting the body’s immunity. In addition, experts believe that swamp coolers, such as Broomfield swamp coolers, use significantly less energy than air conditioners. Many people enjoy the sensation of fresh breeze created with

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.997805
Retrieved Text: One function of celebrity is to hold up to us what is possible. The kind of celebrity represented by F.M. Alexander is one that reminds us we can pioneer our lives: responding to discontent with constructive desire and steadfast in our ability to be a celebrity in our own world.
Cathy Madden leads workshops on the Alexander Technique around the world. Her book Integrative Alexander Technique Practice for Performing Artists: Onstage Synergy is scheduled for publication in January 2015.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.867674
Retrieved Text: Vybz Kartel on Life Support in Hospital after Stabbed in Prison?
Vybz Kartel on Life Support in Hospital after being Stabbed in Prison?
Home ▸ Celebrity News ▸ Dancehall Related ▸ Vybz Kartel on Life Support in Hospital after being Stabbed in Prison?
Social media went into a frenzy when an allegation that 'incarcerated Dancehall deejay Vybz Kartel was placed on life support' went viral.
Social media yesterday went into a frenzy when a new allegation that ‘incarcerated Dancehall deejay Vybz Kartel was placed on life support’ went viral.
Hype Life Magazine, however, understands that the “Worl Boss” deejay is alive and well.
A member of the deejay’s camp has confirmed with Hype Life Magazine that the rumor is just another hoax aimed at Vybz Kartel.
“The Correctional Service Department says this brutal act could be linked to the the death of Clive Lizard Williams,” according the blogs.
Vybz Kartel serving his life sentence in prison for the murder of live William at the Horizon Correctional Facility located in Kingston, Jamaica.
He was sentenced on 3 April 2014 and will not be eligible for parole for 35 years.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.865015
Retrieved Text: Olivia dates one of Jim's geeky co-workers, Mary goes out with a celebrity, and Jayne has serious mother-in-law issues.
Detective Ryan ends up in the middle of an assassination plot when he is on the security detail of a charismatic congressman; Castle and Beckett help Ryan investigate.
Set in an alternate universe where Superman is the son of General Zod, President Amanda Waller turns to the man of steel when a weapon malfunctions and threatens to destroy a city. That weapon's name - is Brainiac.
The creator of a sketch-comedy show is murdered, and the investigation yields a surprising secret.
Beckett and Castle are faced with a large list of possible suspects when a personal injury attorney known as Richie "The Pitbull" Falco is murdered; a shocking secret deepens the mystery surrounding Richie's death.
A death occurs in the woods and Castle becomes obsessed with the case because it reminds him of a pivotal event in his childhood. Beckett reaches a turning point in her life.
A Hong Kong Detective works with Beckett and Castle on the murder of an ex-con turned tow truck driver.
Beckett must help Castle and Alexis from the ground when the Air Marshal on their flight is found murdered in mid-air.
While Beckett and her team investigate the murder of a young telenovela actress, Castle is hired by the show's star to follow the case from a different angle.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.754951
Retrieved Text: According to a report from the Broomfield Enterprise, while the city has seen a housing boom in recent years, particularly with apartment rentals, what it’s lacking is affordable housing for low income, homeless, and at-risk residents of Broomfield Colorado.
44 members of the Broomfield community met in February to discuss the issue and begun forming the new Affordable Housing Task Force, with the hope of bringing together local governments, businesses, nonprofits, and the faith community.
The typical measurement of housing affordability is if the cost of renting the home is no more than thirty percent of the family’s monthly income, the report noted. However, the average two-bedroom apartment in Broomfield Colorado rents for $1,480. This means that the family who lives in that apartment home would have to make at least $4,900 a month in order to afford to live there.
Though there are a number of options in the city to help people with their rent and other housing costs such as utilities, including federal and local programs, there aren’t enough options for transitional housing for those who are just getting back on their feet, the article noted. In spite of the addition of new housing developments in the years since the 2012 report that the city got its housing figures was published, there have not been additions of affordable or transitional units.
Currently, the process of whittling the task group down from the 44 Broomfield residents who attended the meeting to a group of seven to ten, with the option of calling in additional people with specific expertise

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.366608
Retrieved Text: The Gwinnett Daily Post just posted an interview with former Furman player Bill Ballard. Bill is beginning his first year as head coach of the Peachtree Ridge football team. Ballard is the former coach at Tucker and now has the task of taking over at Peachtree Ridge the current AAAAA state champs of Georgia.
CC: Not many guys get to take over a program that just won the AAAAA state title - that's a pretty good situation you got yourself into, huh?
BB: (Laughs) I guess so. I am real excited about taking over the program. It's got a great deal of potential long-term. It's a great school, academically it's one of the top in the state ... it's just a great situation that offers almost everything you want. For me, with the family I have (children are ages 8, 5 and 2) this is the kind of place I would like to bring them up in and have them go to school. For my family and me it's just a wonderful situation.
CC: When you were playing (at Henderson High and then at Furman) were you a coachable kid?
BB: (Laughs) Definitely. I was very coachable. I wasn't good enough not to be coachable. I had to learn everything I possibly could so I could play. I was an average player so I had to be a student of the game. I was definitely not a prima donna.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.685085
Retrieved Text: What do you do all day at home with the kids?
I teach them Mandarin, how to write poetry in cursive, ballroom dancing to classical music, how to design an app for the iPhone.
Seriously? Why do people choose to ask such demeaning questions to stay-at-home-moms? Why is this the one job in the world that is looked down upon so much?
Kid won’t stop crawling away. Mom crawls after it. Kid cries. Mom consoles it. Kid cries more. Mom wipes away tears and boogers and starts making funny animal noises. Kid laughs. Mom laughs with a sigh of relief. Kid gets hungry. Mom feeds it. Kid is hungry but doesn’t want to eat anything from the 3,245 options you offer it. Kid has an accident during potty-training. Mom cleans it and changes it into a pull-up. Kid proceeds to have a poop explosion in the pull-up. Mom cleans it… again. Kid messes up house. Mom cleans it. Kid gets separation anxiety. Mom cuddles it. Kid unravels entire toilet paper roll. Mom re-wraps it. Kid gets tired. Mom puts it to sleep. Ten times because kid isn’t sleeping through the night.
So try asking me again what I do all day. I fulfill my children’s every need and want. Keep them safe. Keep them healthy. Love them. Nurture them. Care for them. I make the freaking world go round.
I know you don’t get recognition for your accomplishments in motherhood. I don’t need it. I know what I do matters. It matters because I’m trying to raise good human beings for

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.65209
Retrieved Text: With thrills, chills, and laughs on every page, this gruesomely funny book will leave you seeing double! In this third book in the acclaimed middle grade series that is "sure to please young readers looking for a thrill" (Kirkus Reviews, starred review), three monster-obsessed friends accidentally unleash an army of evil twins onto their hometown.
Nick, Carter, and Angelo have defeated the Zombie King, taken down a mad scientist, and, toughest of all, even learned to cooperate with their monster-loving girl rivals. But when the three friends head on a camping trip with Nick's parents, a fateful hike in the woods leads the boys to a creature that can change its shape at will and even mimic the boys' voices. Carter sneaks the little guy into his backpack and takes him home, and so the trouble begins. And in this frighteningly funny adventure, trouble always comes in twos. . . .
With the same "mix of creepy chills and laugh-out-loud humor" that made bestselling author James Dashner callZombie Kid "the perfect book," this third book in the Case File 13 series will leave you rolling in your tomb.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.266817
Retrieved Text: Lighten the mood on your next beach getaway with an evening of local comedy!
Big names have graced stages in Daytona Beach — comedic icon Jerry Seinfeld recently came to town and performed at Peabody Auditorium. Without a doubt, the Daytona Beach area attracts star-studded events and offers endless entertainment for residents and vacationers alike.
Every Tuesday at 8 p.m. from now through September, you can get your giggles out at Tuesday Improv at Cinematique! in Daytona Beach. For just a $5 cover charge, experience the comedy troupe called Random Acts of Insanity. With new material each week to ensure no two shows are ever the same, this interactive and impromptu show is a favorite of audience members. During the show, the group gets the audience’s help by asking for key words and phrases, and then turns them into hilarious one-liners and full scenes. So head to the venue in historic downtown, grab a glass of wine and a snack, and sit back for an evening of entertainment.
Just a short drive away from the beachfront hotels in Daytona Beach, you’ll find endless laughs in Port Orange at Bonkerz Comedy Club. Enjoy comedians that have been featured on major TV programs such as The Late Late Show, Good Morning America, Comedy Central’s Up Next, FOX’s Laughs and so many more. Guests ages 21 and up are invited to attend these shows, and to partake in the food and full-service bar in the club. Go ahead — go Bonkerz on your next vacation.
The Daytona Taproom may be best known for

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.93408
Retrieved Text: Luigi Boria is the current Mayor of Doral and is recognized for his dedicated involvement and support of the Doral community.
Our Kiddos Kid Reporter had the opportunity to meet with Luigi Boria, Mayor of Doral. Mayor Boria is the first Mayor of Venezuelan origin in the country. He has resided in Doral with his family for over twenty-six years. Since the beginning of Boria’s election as Mayor in 2012, the City of Doral has witnessed noteworthy developments. His dedication to making Doral a better city has led to numerous accomplishments. To name a few, the Parks and Recreation Department won the “2014 Florida Recreation Park Association Agency and Excellence Award”, the city increased police personnel, and roadway resurfacing improvements have been completed throughout Doral. Future projects for the City of Doral includes two brand new parks that are under construction, two new K-8 centers and turning Doral Middle School into a high school which will host over 600 students. Doral has become the home of over 250 company headquarters and more than 100 multinational corporations. In addition to being Mayor, Boria was also the City of Doral’s Councilman for two years. Luigi Boria shared with us some insight on his experiences, challenges and accomplishments he has encountered as Mayor of Doral.
The Kiddos Kid Reporter: Mayor Boria, what is the most important job you have done for the City of Doral?
Mayor Boria: Well, making this city a friendly city and a workable city has been a challenge because we have many things going on at the same

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.267138
Retrieved Text: Architecture tours in Switzerland with private guide - get best offers here!
As part of your city break in Switzerland, an architecture tour will give you a unique insight into the history of the city and the stories that lie behind the facades.
Expert guides and access to restricted areas mean this is one of the best ways to discover the best of Swiss architecture through the ages.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.107454
Retrieved Text: The ability to negotiate well is an absolute necessity in any business economy. Anyone can strike a deal by conceding, but in today’s market you can’t afford such tactics. Change the game and turn the typical positional negotiation into a co-operative discussion allowing the free flow to see the greater benefits. Even the toughest procurement specialists will want to do business with you again and you’ll keep your margins. This course offers the latest methodologies and coaching from seasoned negotiators. You’ll also receive unique insight into how buyers think, behave and their preferences.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.032888
Retrieved Text: Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire by J.K Rowling is an adventure filling and heart wrenching story, at time bringing tears to your eyes. Throughout this book, Harry works his way through a dangerous tournament with the help of his friends. The beginning starts with Harry in his 4 Privet Drive Room, and gets an exciting letter from his friend, Ron. Following this letter he travels through portkey to a wondrous quidditch championship. Something goes horribly wrong and harry undergoes a traumatic experience. After this, he goes to Hogwarts with a new perspective and information about the man who killed his father, Voldemort. He surprisingly has his name pulled from the mysterious cup although under aged. Harry endures the school’s hate against him but continues toward the end with triumph. Along the way, Harry must be strong and believe in himself, which can connect with people that have gone through similar things in their own school.
Although Hogwarts is a wizardry school, it isn’t much different than the schools in our society, and has a lot of the same struggles we do. It is nice to see a book that you can link your own life to; however, Harry Potter is also intriguing to read even without any links. It differs a lot from its movie as it is a large book and it is hard for the movie producers to put so much information into one hour. Since it is set just before the 2000’s it gives insight into what England was like back then,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.805244
Retrieved Text: It&apos;s a liceo vinci casalecchio di reno 5-inch tablet in kid-friendly green or pink, with a color touch screen, a built-in camera, microphone, stylus and 2GB of onboard storage.
It&apos;s loaded with apps, games, videos and books, and you can watch videos or look at pictures from the Kidizoom camera on your tablet.
Kids ages 4-9 will have hours of fun reading e-books, or having them read aloud to them, watching videos, creating artwork, tagliere formaggi e frutta or playing educational games.
There are new pictures available through app store updates.By subscribing to our mailing list you will always stay up-to-date on the latest vinci news.For just 389 you can get your kid started on the path to digital literacy before they even know how to read.Vinci lacks Wi-Fi or 3G capability, but, with a Cortex A8 processor and 4GB of internal storage, it still packs a serious punch - it&apos;s even outfitted with a built-in microphone and a 3-megapixel built-in camera to capture that special moment when your child first.It may be time to get them a tablet of their own.And the storybooks are similar to traditional e-books, but complete with animations and voice prompts that children can interact with using the tablet&apos;s touch-screen.M/brands/brand_view/innotab, vinci Tablet 389.This is the reason why Club vinci is free to play, commercial free, and in-app purchase free.
The cost for all this learning is more in line with a grown-up tablet than the competition&apos;s.M, club vinci is a fun online multiplayer learning platform for children.It is just selling the Vinci through its online

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.700947
Retrieved Text: You grow up believing there are monsters beneath your bed and behind your closet doors, and you know they’re waiting for the lights to go out before they slip in a nasty claw. "Monsters Inc." takes you behind that dreaded door, giving you the lowdown on the mechanics of securing screams.
Monstropolis is Monster metropolis, where one-eyed cretons mingle with jellied sludge and multiple-tentacled somethings and unclassifiable eye-popping (literally) otherthings. It’s no better than your bustling metro (with a sneaky resemblance to downtown New York), and the guys that live here have jobs to go to, too.
James P. Sullivan, also known as Sulley (John Goodman) and Mike Wazowski (Billy Crystal) work at Monsters Inc, a power company that keeps Monstropolis wired. Electricity generated here through processed screams and bawls of human kids keeps the lights on. So while the monsters work at scaring the knickers off little girls and boys the world over, they’re actually only doing their job...which, by monster standards, is quite a fearsome feat in itself, because - and here's the twist - monsters are actually scared of children!
Sulley, a Gorilla-like purple and green monster, and Mike, his lime-green eyeball of a buddy, are the best scare-team at the factory, with the highest scare record - they’re managed to extract the greatest ration of shrieks, and Sulley is the monster equivalent to Superman.
Every night, a monster slips through a door, which acts as a portal into the bedroom of a human child, and after raising claw and cry, retreats into the factory, to repeat

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.562267
Retrieved Text: Louis Theroux heads to US college campuses and comes face-to-face with students accused of sexual assault.
Extraordinary insight into the work of prosecutors tackling an organized criminal gang flying drugs into prisons and a shadowy network using children as slaves in UK nail bars.
Ten Brits, about to embark on one of the toughest weeks of their lives, welcome the support and advice of worldly-wise strangers from around the world through a secret in-ear device for one week.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.537252
Retrieved Text: BlogHome » About Us » Cary LaMay: Insight Implementer By Day, Comedian By Night, TA’s Employee Spotlight!
As an Insight Implementor at Technology Associates, Cary’s mission is to provide project implementation services to clients of Technology Associates. Cary’s role requires the ability to work in multiple different environments on many different hardware and software platforms.
What Does It Take To Be An Insight Implementer? Paying attention to detail, persistence and tenacity to get the job done, self-accountability. Cary exemplifies these characteristics perfectly in his contributions on our team.
From installation and configuration of new firewalls, network switches, wireless access points and printers to software updates for Exchange clients, QuickBooks, and Domain Controllers, Cary has been rockin’ and rollin’ with the TA team.
I have always been interested and have an aptitude for technology and have always been the person that people usually come to when they have problems with their computers and electronics.
When Cary isn’t up to his elbows in hardware reconfigurations, you might find him at a ComedyWorx meetup. ComedyWorx is Cary’s passion project outside of work. It is an improv club that has members of all ages and professional backgrounds who come together to explore and express their creativity through the art of improvisation. Currently, Cary manages the local chapter of ComedyWorx here in the Raleigh area; he’s responsible for putting together show lineups and managing the website. Come catch some great laughs and support him and his community at one of their next upcoming shows!
Through ComedyWorx, Cary’s had the opportunity to interact with several local organizations and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.452604
Retrieved Text: Molly wants to be just like the grown ups. So she asks her Mummy to make her a moustache. With her moustache she can go anywhere and do anything she likes. She can launch an expedition to the heart of the jungle, blast off into space and create incredible inventions.
But being a grown up isn’t all fun. What if Molly has to eat olives and spicy spicy sauce? And what about having to go to work?
Featuring an original music score, playful interaction and lots of laughs, Molly’s Marvellous Moustache is a new theatrical adaptation of the original storybook, written by Andrea Heaton and illustrated by Talya Baldwin.
Suitable for children ages 3 – 7 and their families.
Developed with the support of the Barnsley Civic CARP programme, Harrogate Theatre and The Carriageworks Theatre, Leeds. Supported using public funding by the National Lottery through Arts Council England.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.377607
Retrieved Text: Actor Moises Arias lends his voice to the animated character Antonio in the sequel "Despicable Me 2."
This will be the fourth time I’ve interviewed you in the last five years. The first time was when you were only 14 years old. Now, you’re 19. You’re making me feel very old, you know.
(Laughs) Yeah, being 19 is pretty crazy. Being in this business does mature you very quickly. But luckily I’ve had parents beside me that have always taken care of me. They’ve given me great values and taught me that if I really want to be in this business, I have to put time into all my characters. I really think that has impacted me starting at such a young age.
How much of your own personality were you able to put into Antonio?
A lot of it. In animation, you take the words right off the page and make them your own. They showed me the animated sketches and what [Antonio] was going to look like. You try to embody that and imagine what his voice is going to be. It was a very different and cool process.
What did you think when you first saw Antonio?
The first voice work you ever did in your career was when you were 12 years old. Is it still as fun now as when you were a kid?
When I was a kid it was much more difficult. You’re trying to understand what the director wants. It’s a learning process. Now, you go in and it’s more of a collaboration.
What did you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.281353
Retrieved Text: Peel, Play & Learn - Buy one get one free!
"This is an extremely useful, hands-on method of learning about the human body that all kids need to learn." -Gena, I Choose Joy!
“We recently ordered this set to be delivered to us and we love them! The science experiments are grouped in themed science activities that my kids love! I set up a curriculum to go through the scientific process with the hypothesis, tests and theories. I feel this is perfect as a hands on activity to supplement the worksheets we download from other sellers.” - Sasha B.
Disguised as a treasure hunt, this multi-award winning children's literacy game gets kids physically active as they read clues and search to find a hidden surprise. There's even a Picture Helper poster to look up words when kids get stuck! For ages 5 to 8.
“This game is so much fun! My boys love scavenger hunts, and when they help them practice reading - that's even better. We've played this game several times and it never gets boring. I love letting one kid be in charge of the game and set it up for the other boys.” - Lisa Marie F.
“We always have trouble finding gifts that kids and grown ups can play together. This is it! Challenging for everyone, but easy enough, kids can try... and sometimes even do better.” - Marie V.
Parents and teachers love this "Netflix for Children's Books." FarFaria offers over 1000 ebooks for your children. Each story comes to your mobile device as a colorfully illustrated

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.24574
Retrieved Text: Veteran hiker Jeff Alt of Cincinnati has walked with his toddler, William, and learned who is the best person to lead the hike.
Jeff Alt walked all 2,160 miles of the Appalachian Trail.
Years later, he took his 2-year-old on a short hike.
"It all depends on your goal," says the Cincinnati area author, hiking enthusiast and speech specialist.
"At 2 years old, it's about the kid's journey," Alt said by telephone. "The child-directed phase is the toughest. It's not about you reaching a spot for a great view. Or getting your workout in. It's about whatever they are interested in.
"Because if they have fun, if they think its an adventure, they'll want to go again and again."
Hiking offers everyone a treasure chest of lifelong benefits, Alt says in his new paperback, "Get Your Kids Hiking," (Beaufort Books, $13.95).
In case that blue glow of our computers has made us forget, he reminds us that movement releases endorphins. For him, hiking leads to positive thoughts and conversations.
Being on a trail improves his creativity because he's away from his routine. "I've learned that I can think outside the box when I am actually physically outside the box," he writes.
And hiking helps lighten the pack of life, by leaving him refreshed and refocused.
It's an adult's job to show children these benefits, he says, and it's important to start early.
"We've got one shot at raising a kid, and 90 percent of their brain is formed by the time they are 5."
Starting a walking habit is harder but not impossible with older children, he says.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.188835
Retrieved Text: Wasn’t it Robert Louis Stevenson who actually quizzed children in his renowned poem, “How do you like to go up in a swing …?” Youngsters really enjoy to often swing. Some kids, offered the option, will honestly swing for hours at a time, their faces rapt and minds busy, many miles away – dreaming, visualizing, and also expanding. Having the chance to swing is one of many hallmark occurrences associated with the child years, as well as one that each little one ought to have plenty of opportunity. It is a very good bodily pastime which takes place out in the open, apart from that personal computer plus the tablet PC and then the tv set. Nonetheless, much more compared to that, the time frame expended being able to swing is time when the kid’s thoughts is free to process the particular day’s insight, including the scenes through the book which he’s looking at, a discussion he had along with his / her dad a night before, and his potential expectation, goals, fantasies and also fears. Just isn’t possible to assign a value relating to this kind of point in time, for it will be priceless. This really is a gift that every parent or guardian can grant to his kid merely by delivering him or her that staple involving youngster’s childhoods for ages – a fabulous swing set. It is one of the better summertime ideas about, and you’ll locate ideas here regarding various kinds and styles. Present your child the gift of a swing!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.040241
Retrieved Text: This interview took place on: 4/25/09.
Jesus freak Hideout (Laura Sproull): go ahead and tell me your name and what your role is in the band.
David Curtis: My name's David and I play guitar and lead vocals.
JFH (Laura): What's the significance of the name Run Kid Run? How'd you guys come up with it?
David: Run Kid Run is actually a song title from this band that we used to listen to called Rocket From The Crypt. And they had this song called "Run Kid Run," and actually, crazy story is, it gets kind of confusing, but Neil our guitar player, back in high school, used to be in a band called Run Kid Run, and we were in another band called Side Walk Slam and then we ended up stealing them, and then we changed our name later on back to Run Kid Run.
JFH (Laura): How were you guys discovered? How did you get signed to Tooth and Nail?
David: There's a music festival called Cornerstone music festival and it's in Illinois and we actually asked our friends Calibretto 13 if they'd let us play three songs before them, 'cause they were signed to Tooth and Nail and I'm like "Do you care if we play like three songs?", 'cause we were going on the road with them that summer, and they're like "Okay, sure" and so they let us play, thankfully, and Brandon Ebel, the president of Tooth and Nail walks up backstage and hears us and he's like "I gotta sign these guys". So that was

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.030985
Retrieved Text: not the beautiful young girl in bed with them, who gives them that, and then awakens in the morning to write upper case poems about ANGELS AND GOD.
kid, I wrote back, all lovers betray.
She laughs, pulls at the nameplate around her neck.
Any woman who laughs as dope as she does won't ever have trouble finding men.
I tell her that and she looks a little scared of me.
and I'm thinking how easy it would be for her to turn around and say, Hey, let's go home. I'd put my arm around her and I wouldn't let her go for like fifty years, maybe not ever.
TVs snapping on in nearby apartments, squeezing ten voices into a room.
God blesses the ground that drinks the rain.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.003895
Retrieved Text: Managing the “people” side of any business requires insight into human nature as well as thorough knowledge of the regulatory environment – two very different sides of the same coin. Your investment with ABK Consulting Group gives you access to industry professionals who can provide solutions to your toughest Human Resource, Safety, Risk Management and Employee challenges. Clients receive unparalleled support and expertise to assist team managers charged with these responsibilities.
ABK Consulting Group has seasoned human resource professionals on staff. If you have a question, need sample materials or want a second opinion, help is just a phone call away.
ABK Consulting Group offers a range of safety and risk management services for its clients. In-house staff conducts the following and will assist members should a violation occur.
ABK Consulting Group offers a high degree of experience, education and training as well as an overriding commitment to quality.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.970596
Retrieved Text: With its temperate weather and beautiful natural spaces, it’s almost always a good time to bring your little one to the playground in California. From Manhattan Beach to San Francisco, there are an abundance of playscapes for your child to burn off some energy. Here are the 10 best in the state!
Named after one of America’s iconic rapscallions, Dennis the Menace Playground in Monterey’s El Estero Park Complex sets a high bar for childhood fun. First opened in the 1950s by Mr. Hank Ketchum, creator of the Dennis the Menace comic strip, the park was recently renovated and updated. Check out the slides, bridges, and other attractions that make the playground a favorite for generations.
The castles and dragons themed Magic Mountain Playground is just one exciting feature of the Coyote Point Rec area. A castle shaped climbing structure is at the center of slides, bridges and even a moat!
Polliwog Park is recognized as one of the best spots to plan a kids’ party. Even if you aren’t celebrating a milestone occasion, Polliwog offers tons for kids to do with multiple slides, playgrounds, misters, climbing and other exciting nooks for kids to discover and explore.
Adventure Playground in Berkeley is going on 39 years of keeping tykes entertained and is frequently cited as one of the best playgrounds in the Bay Area, including by National Geographic. Not your typical playground, it’s designed for kids 7 and older and includes creations by kids. Check the website for the specific guidelines and rules for enjoying the adventure.
The Virginia-McGee Totland is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.939299
Retrieved Text: NEW, updated edition! Written by a teenager who was bullied throughout middle school and high school, this kid-friendly book offers a fresh and relatable perspective on bullying. Along the way, the author offers guidance as well as different strategies that helped her get through even the toughest of days. The Survival Guide to Bullying covers everything from cyber bullying to how to deal with fear and how to create the life you dream of having. From inspiring "roems" (rap poems), survival tips, personal stories, and quick quizzes, this book will light the way to a brighter future. This updated edition also features new, never-before-seen content including a chapter about how to talk to parents, an epilogue, and an exclusive Q&A with the author.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.76514
Retrieved Text: Creates airflow that spans one-third the length of a football field (36.6 meters!) Could covers a area 500㎡ maximum.
Gearless direct-drive motor draws electricity only 0.5~0.7 KW Per hour (that’s less power than a toaster).
Quiet enough to hold a conversation right next to the fan.
Variable speed controller offers maximum 200Turns/Min fully-adjustable airflow.
Stands just under 2.1m tall Fits through standard interior doors.
Arrives pre-assembled—just roll it off the pallet and go.
Comes standard with strong wheels.
Includes handles on both sides for easy manoeuvring.
Plugs into any standard 220V power supply.
5 Meters power cord extends FAN reach.
Steel cage and Aluminum airfoils can handle the toughest environments.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.629448
Retrieved Text: 50 Connect | Westward Ho!
Live like a real cowboy during a fantastic family adventure.
Every child growing up in the 1950s and 60s will remember playing cowboys and Indians. The proliferation of Western movies and the advent of television brought the American West, complete with gunslingers, Indians and gold rush towns, into the homes of everyone in the UK, sparking a fascination with the American West. In later years the spaghetti Westerns of Serge Leone - A Fistful of Dollars, A Few Dollars More and The Good, The Bad and The Ugly - which launched Clint Eastwood into Hollywood mythology, only reinforced the world's fascination with the American West.
While most of us would not like the reality of life in the frontier West, to sample some of its delights, and hardships, would be a dream come true. Reminicent of the popular film from the 90s, City Slickers, visitors to the U.S this summer can now saddle-up and ride the range like a real cowboy, with the whole family in tow.
Footloose, a company which offers a wide selection of outdoor holidays for adventure-minded people of all ages, have just launched a 'Cowboy and Indians Discovery Tour,' which promises to show travellers the real wild west. The tour includes a visit to the ghost town where ‘Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid’ was filmed, a hike to the Emerald Pools of the Virgin River as well as a taste of the great outdoors in Zion National Park.
You can then hit the trail again and sample cowboy life on a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.621586
Retrieved Text: Nationally-touring Christian comedian John Felts has recently performed in: Berrien Springs, Canton, Clarkston, Detroit, Grand Rapids, Northville, MI and other cities.
John Felts is extremely funny, friendly and can easily relate to any group that he is asked to perform for. It was an amazing night . We had volunteers of all ages at our event and there was something for everyone. Everyone was laughing the entire night."
John Felts was so great to work with. Not only did he kill his comedy routine, but he was so polite and fun to be around. The crowd loved him. We will definitely bring him back to our campus again."
John Felts was incredible fun, intentional and thorough in his research & his jokes about our organization. He arrived early to make sure he was all set up with tech. It was an amazing night, and John was certainly one of the highlights for everyone. He engaged with the audience authentically & was super easy going."
I would like to share how much we enjoyed John Felts, both as a professional and a comedian. He was stellar! He contacted me beforehand regarding information about the business and a little insight into our employee's personalities. He mingled prior to the performance as a guest, so the employees were pleasantly surprised to see him introduced as a comedian. John managed to connect with several of our employee's unique qualities and seamlessly brought them into the act. Bridge Valley employees and their guest are still talking about John Felts! Thanks for the laughs!"
- President/Owner, Bridge

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.612152
Retrieved Text: There are tons of amenities and activities for children at this resort. In addition to offering kids splash pools, the resort features The Watermill, an aquatic playground that is open on Saturdays and Sundays for family fun. The park features two 30-foot waterslides, a lazy river with a wave machine, multiple pools and a snack bar. The resort also offers eco-themed activities through its Ambassadors of the Environment program. The program welcomes children ages 4 through 16 to participate in various activities inspired by the area, such as snorkeling, hiking and Taino arts and crafts projects. Older children can take advantage of the property's tennis courts and nature trails.
At the resort's complimentary kids club, The Playroom, guests between the ages of 4 and 12 can play in multiple game rooms, catch a flick in the movie theater and run around on two playgrounds – one indoors and one outdoors. For older children, there's the Wired teen lounge, which has pingpong, air hockey, foosball and various arcade games. Several outdoor activities are available as well, including a FlowRider and nonmotorized water sports equipment like kayaks, snorkel gear, paddleboards and Hobie Cat sailboats. Babysitting services can also be arranged for a fee.
Children 5 and younger stay for free at the Hilton Rose Hall. Several kid-friendly spaces are located on the resort grounds, including a day care pavilion, sports courts and a water park with a waterslide, a lazy river and a kids pool. As part of the all-inclusive room rate, guests have access to kids and teens clubs.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.611319
Retrieved Text: Lots of laughs aboard your log!
Taking its inspiration directly from the technique used in Canada for transporting timber, you'll hurtle down the rapids on board giant logs before plunging into the raging river! And the adventure ends up with gushing water and lots of laughs. Get set for a really fun – and certainly refreshing – adventure! And remember to smile as you come down, as there'll be a photo awaiting you when you get back. Just what you need to make sure you go back home with lots of great memories!
Come and experience the Canadian River in the centre of the amusement park, close to the Merry-Go-Round, the Goldhunters' Lake and the Enchanted Forest. After your amazing descent, set off to restore yourself at the Place de la Gaieté, with a delicious bite to eat at the Coupole restaurant! An attraction for the whole family, where people of all ages can enjoy a totally unforgettable adventure together. You are strongly advised to seat smaller children at the back of the log.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.596
Retrieved Text: At Rudersdal Museums’ antiquity department The Vedbæk Finds, you get knowledge about life in the Stone Age.
Meet the hunters, and discover the area around Vedbæk, north of Copenhagen as it was 7000 years ago. The museum is located in scenic surroundings and offers exciting experiences for both children and adults of all ages.
The permanent exhibition "Vedbæk Finds - hunters 7000 years ago" you can experience exceptional archaeological finds from prehistoric Denmark. The exhibition's main attraction is the hunter people's unique graves that were found when Vedbæk School was built. In one of the graves is a small, newborn infant buried on a swan's wing next to his mother.
The exhibition gives you an insight into what it was like to live as hunters and fishermen approx. 7000 years ago. In a series of natural sceneries you can experience how nature around Vedbæk looked back then. You move through different seasons of the wilderness with Mesolithic plants and animals.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.57874
Retrieved Text: The Offspring recently dropped a new single "Coming for You" that's serving as the first taste of what's expected to be a new album. 'Loudwire Nights' host Full Metal Jackie recently spoke with The Offspring's Dexter Holland about their new single and also got an update on their album plans, plus spoke about Holland's passion for flying. Check out the chat below.
Dexter, there's been no definite release info about the new album. Is that clever marketing to create anticipation or are you still working on it?
We're not that clever [laughs], we're just lazy. Every other time we've done a record, we hunker down and go into the studio for a year or however long it takes. We just decided not to do it that way this time. We thought let's just do a couple of songs, work on them when we feel inspired and when we have it done, we thought, why wait? Let's just go ahead and put it out.
"Coming for You" was recently released. What does that song reveal about the overall sound about the other new songs you're working on?
I'd say we're maybe halfway through with writing the songs on this record. We've got some work to do still. People have described it as a throwback song in a good way, [laughs]. I'll take that! I don't know. Everyone always says play your old s--t, so we're making new s--t that sounds like old s--t.
That seems to be a good plan. [laughs] Dexter, is there a game plan ahead of time or is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.541407
Retrieved Text: The QA150 makes ultra-low current measurements of your toughest real-time projects a snap. The QA150 is a high-side current-to-voltage converter, with nearly 1 MHz of bandwidth. Simply tap into the supplies of your project rails (5V, 3.3V, etc) and the QA150 will convert the currents to voltages that you can then capture on your scope, along with whatever other digital signals you might need to study. If you are trying to squeeze every last bit of energy from your batteries, the QA150 will give you insight into your product you likely haven't seen before.
The QA150 is powered by the PC, but it's fully isolated. It offers high bandwidth and depending on your scope, can resolve from uA to amps. The best part is that it's a "true zero" design, which means that if you have no current flowing, then you'll measure an output voltage of microvolts--not tens of millivolts common with most current sensing solutions operating near their rail.

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: a perceptive , good-natured movie . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.269333
Retrieved Text: This high-seas adventure centers on the friendship between a good-natured pirate and a missionary as they take on the bad-natured corsair who has been wreaking havoc on South Pacific islands.
Tries unsuccessfully to be that buoyant, rollicking pirate movie we all remember having seen in our youth and which they don't make anymore.
Nate and Hayes is one of the more inexplicable films I've encountered recently. The part I can't explain is: Why did they make it? The movie is a loud, confusing, pointless mess that never seems to make up its mind whether to be a farce or an adventure.
A mess, and more to be studied as the sort of thing to avoid than respected as a forgotten gem that needs a new audience. But boy is it ever hard to turn away.
The movie shoots for light-hearted adventure but sinks like a lead anchor.
Made before Tommy Lee Jones became a big star it was quite obviously the inspiration for Pirates of the Caribbean. It was released in the UK under the title SAVAGE ISLANDS but in some places it was called NATE & HAYES. However, shame on Paramount for not exploiting it better. I know they had a lot riding on the not dissimilar Indiana Jones films but this is a cracking adventure and deserves better treatment (and why oh why has it not been seen on UK television for about 15 years?).
A movie from my past. A favorite.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.13334
Retrieved Text: Sony Animation’s good-natured Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 took good care of family audiences’ movie appetites this weekend, landing at No. 1 with a terrific $35 million box office. The sequel directed by Cody Cameron and Kris Pearn was ranked as the fourth biggest September opening of all time. Sony’s 2012 feature Hotel Transylvania holds the record with $42.5 million.
The first Cloudy movie became a surprise hit for Sony when it debuted with a $30.3 million weekend and grossed over $245.8 million worldwide.
Cloudy 2 will have the family market cornered until Nov. 1st, when Relativity/Reel FX’s time-traveling turkeys movie Free Birds opens in theaters nationwide.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.085857
Retrieved Text: Wow! Sounds very relevant and a good read too. Must get it. Thanks for the review, LP.
Great review, Vinita! I watched the movie and it was just plain awesome... it evoked feelings of despair, sympathy and helplessness at how perfectly normal good-natured fun-loving people were forced to turn to violence by just the act of accusing/blaming them all for the deeds of a few.
Nice review, I liked this book too and had reviewed it on my blog quite some time back. I haven't seen the movie but I am planning to watch it very soon!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.753735
Retrieved Text: Better suited for an afterschool special, “23 Blast” isn’t bad so much as it isn’t very good.
Each year we are provided with a number of true sport stories that are meant to lift up and inspire. The characters always overcome hardships, sometimes race-related, sometimes chronic bad luck. In “23 Blast”, a highschool student, Travis Freeman (Mark Hapka), continues to play football after an unusual virus (or botched small town surgery?) causes him to unexpectedly go blind.
While the script is almost cringe-worthy at times, it actually feels very sincere and good natured. The cheesy humor is always uplifting in nature, and most of the characters are likable, if not a bit cartoonish. This film will appeal to a small demographic, but most others would do best to avoid it.
Note: The film is rated PG-13 for “teenage drinking” which is a bit of a shame considering how good natured the movie is. The rating may prevent some younger audiences from seeing it who are probably the ones who would enjoy it most.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.23828
Retrieved Text: Last night's screening of Richard Linklater’s new movie, Bernie, at the Paramount Theatre was, in addition to being a major SXSW 2012 moment, also a raucous celebration of all things Texas.
Before a decidedly pro-Linklater, pro-Texas crowd, the director introduced the film with two of his stars, Austin native Matthew McConaughey and Austin visitor Jack Black. Recognizing that he was the only non-Texan onstage, Black did his best to ingratiate himself with the partisan crowd.
“I was walking around downtown last night, drinking my fill, and it was so cool, and I was asking myself, ‘Why don’t I live here?’” Black said, causing the crowd to burst into cheers. “And if that sounds like I’m pandering … I am.” He needn’t have bothered; the crowd was on board with Black and the movie before the lights had even gone down.
Bernie, which is based on a Texas Monthly article by Skip Hollandsworth (and co-written by him), is about an assistant funeral director named Bernie Tiede who killed a wealthy old woman in the small town of Carthage in 1996. It’s three-quarters good-natured comedy, one-quarter good-natured ethics debate, and all light as a feather. It’s also arguably the perfect SXSW movie, seeing as it’s directed by a Texan, written and directed by Texans, set in Texas, and filled with enough Texas accents, folksy witticisms, inside jokes, and regional references to keep even the most chauvinistic native son contented. Bernie,is a movie drenched in Texas-ness, the same way The Godfather is drenched in new world Italian-ness or Fargo is drenched in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.847061
Retrieved Text: I had an afternoon filled with campy clowns killing innocent bystanders in a sleepy town.
Killer Klowns from Outer Space is a weird ride. The film is silly and a good-natured horror movie that does not take itself seriously and knows exactly what it is.
Looking at the title and the movie poster, I was pretty sure this would be nothing more than a terrible B movie. I was wrong. This was a reasonably enjoyable B movie.
I mean…what else can you ask for but a clown car being chased by an ice cream truck?
I certainly have seen worse alien invasion movies. I have seen alien invasion movies that are every bit as ridiculous as Killer Klowns from Outer Space but try to take themselves seriously as if they were the second coming of Citizen Kane. Killer Klowns from Outer Space embraces the silliness and provides a fun time because of it.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.784946
Retrieved Text: Dumplin’ is a fun, inspirational comedy — with a dramatic core — about a plus-size teen who challenges cultural norms when she signs up for the small-town Texas beauty pageant that her mother manages. The movie has lots to say about body image, self-confidence, empathy, acceptance, diversity, and tricky mother-daughter relationships. The humor, some of it based on good-natured stereotyping (Southerners, drag queens), is finely balanced with serious issues that are treated with insight and empathy.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.521687
Retrieved Text: The art of selling a movie is a little different now than it was 37 years ago. Oh, who are we kidding? Trying to get people into a movie theater now is NOTHING like how it used to be.
Case in point: check out this trailer for a humble, little picture called Star Wars — if the fine folks in the 2014 DIsney promotions department could work their magic on it.
Taking some cues — some HEAVY cues — from their work pitching Guardians of the Galaxy, this trailer posted to Crave film site Cinema Blend layers in familiar 1970's rock tracks "Hooked on a Feeling" by Blue Swede and Norman Greenbaum's "Spirit in the Sky" to paint George Lucas' universe as a good-natured, rip-snorting, rollicking good time at the movies.
Sure, they borrowed heavily from The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi footage to make their point…but damn, if Darth Vader's menacing doom has never seemed like so much side-splitting fun before.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.48856
Retrieved Text: 1. Adjective. Having an easygoing and cheerful disposition. "The sounds of good-natured play"
"His two admirable Comedies of "The Good Natured Man," and "She Stoops to Conquer," ... Honey-wood (the Good-Natured Man) is not a successful bit of painting ..."
"First performance of " The good-natured Mari."—Conduct of Johnson. ... THE comedy of "The good-natured Man" was doomed to experience delays and difficulties ..."
"THE comedy of The Good-Natured Man was doomed to experience delays and difficulties to the very last. Garrick, notwithstanding his professions, ..."

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.480013
Retrieved Text: I am a sincere and positive person, open and good-natured, I believe in love. Cheerful, friendly, positive and active lady. I'm family oriented, I have a lot of hobbies. I'm shy just a little, but I believe that this is not a bad quality for a woman. I have many interests. I like to be like in sports, nature, and at home. I like reading books, watching a thrilling movie. Another thing that techniques a lot of "useful information in my life - visiting museums, enabled and galleries!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.478949
Retrieved Text: Movie Review Roundup: "If Beale Street Could Talk," "Escape Room," "Shoplifters"
It's a light first week of 2019 in theaters, with one new wide release and the local opening of two of the best films of 2018.
Hirokazu Kore-eda's Shoplifters (pictured) showcases the director's creative sweet spot balancing sentimentality with acidic social conscience.
Eric D. Snider appreciates the good-natured, funhouse sensibility of the horror thriller Escape Room.
In this week's feature review, Barry Jenkins adapts If Beale Street Could Talk as a rapturous, tragic mix of love story and injustice story.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.36105
Retrieved Text: Murli Prasad Sharma (Sanjay Dutt), nicknamed Munna Bhai (literally Brother Munna), is a bhai or gunda: a good-natured don in the Mumbai underworld. Given that his father had wished him to be a medical doctor, he creates the faux Sri Hari Prasad Sharma Charitable Hospital (named after his father) and pretends to live in accordance with this wish whenever his father (Sunil Dutt) and mother (Rohini Hattangadi) visit him in Mumbai.
Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. (2003) full movie free download in 720P BluRay HD and watch online on mmaila.in.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.155449
Retrieved Text: If there is some kind of contest on for the Walt Disney movie which least resembles the supposed source material, â€œThe Jungle Bookâ€ must be the clear winner. It bears only the lightest and most coincidental resemblance to Rudyard Kiplingsâ€™s cycle of stories about a little boy raised by wolves in the Indian jungle. Only the setting and the names of characters are preserved. That said, â€œThe Jungle Bookâ€ deserves to be considered on itsâ€™ own terms as a classically animated Disney feature, the very last to have been blessed by the hand of Walt himself. The plot is as thin as a wisp; the journey of the boy Mowgli to the village of his own kind, interspersed with some good-natured musical numbers, and helped or hindered by a variety of good natured animals, and not terribly threatening villains.
It is a curious jumble, to watch with eyes accustomed to more recent animated features like â€œShrekâ€ and â€œToy Storyâ€. Without exception the backgrounds are beautifully rendered, densely detailed, almost painterly. The animal characters were fully-fleshed, and with the exception of Kaaa, the python, seemed to move and flex like their real counterparts; especially King Louie the baboon, Bagheera the panther and Sher Khan the tiger. The last two seemed especially slinky; it would be nice to know if the artists responsible for their rendering had cats. King Louie is hilarious, and so are the four vultures â€“ very obviously patterned after the Beatles. In contrast, the rendering of Mowgli the boy and ostensible hero, looks like a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.137024
Retrieved Text: Part of what gives lovable lunkhead Vin Diesel his charm is his eternal optimism. Whether he’s pounding Coronas with the family or engaging in a good-natured pro-wrestling beef with his co-star Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, Diesel seems like the kind of guy who’s happy just to be invited. He’s also the Fast & Furious series’ biggest fan, perennially expressing his disbelief that the series isn’t sweeping the Academy Awards like a little kid whose favorite movie is always the last movie he saw, especially if he got to eat pizza afterwards.
As bizarre as that might be, he is definitely going to [be recognized]. As crazy as that might sound, he should have really been acknowledged for Straight Outta Compton. I think he went into making this movie with a little bit of a chip [on his shoulder], going ‘Oh, really? Now I’m going to take the biggest saga in the world, and I’m about to throw Oscars at you.’ Wait until you see what he does!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.062426
Retrieved Text: Pocoyo (2005– ) full episodes watch cartoons online.
Synopsis: Pocoyo is a curious toddler dressed all in blue, from his blue cap to his blue jumpsuit. He’s full of fun and perhaps a touch of good-natured mischief. His friends include Pato, the yellow duck; Elly, the pink elephant with a blue backpack; Loula, his faithful dog; Sleepy Bird, the droopy-eyed blue-green bird always asleep in her nest; and many others. The Narrator greets little Pocoyo every day and gently suggests an answer to anything that puzzles him. But just as often, the Narrator himself learns something valuable. Pocoyo’s computer-animated world is full of simple shapes, bright colors and cheerful music.
Watch Pocoyo (2005– ) online full episodes cartoons. Pocoyo (2005– ) watch online free in high quality at watchcartoonsonline.la.
Watch Pocoyo (2005– ) full movie, Watch Pocoyo (2005– ) online free, Pocoyo (2005– ) full movie youtube, Pocoyo (2005– ) watch online.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.977797
Retrieved Text: With The Hunger Games movie out this week, it makes sense that the soundtrack (pictured) precedes it by just a few days. We don't know who green lit Lenny Kravitz acting in the film, but be glad he was left off the soundtrack. Elsewhere in cross-media celebrity news, the not-quite American Idol Adam Lambert and reality-show star Diggy Simmons celebrate new releases this week as well. Esperanza Spalding hopes to follow up her Best New Artist success with Radio Music Society, Battles drop their third Dross Glop vinyl, and The Good Natured prepare us for their upcoming album with an EP. More new releases below.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.931408
Retrieved Text: FOR $10,000 THEY BREAK YOUR ARMS. FOR $20,000 THEY BREAK YOUR LEGS. AXEL FREED OWES $44,000.
New York City literature professor Axel Freed (James Caan) has a big gambling debt and turns to his mother (Jacqueline Brookes) for help. James Toback wrote this movie while fighting a gambling addiction, Caan starred in it while battling a cocaine addiction and the movie has references to a Dostoyevsky story where the lead character is hooked on roulette. An understanding of and sympathy for Axel Freed’s pathetic situation is built by the filmmakers in perceptive ways, with rich doses of angst underscored by Jerry Fielding’s Gustav Mahler-inspired music. Never reaches great dramatic heights, but Caan is good.
1974-U.S. 111 min. Color. Directed by Karel Reisz. Screenplay: James Toback. Music: Jerry Fielding. Cast: James Caan (Axel Freed), Paul Sorvino (Hips), Lauren Hutton (Billie), Morris Carnovsky, Jacqueline Brookes, Burt Young… James Woods.
Trivia: Remade as The Gambler (2014).

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.592031
Retrieved Text: FALMOUTH –The circus came to town on Saturday at the Falmouth Library, where filmmaker Alecia Orsini Lebeda held auditions for actors to be in a short movie she is making in May.
Michaelah Noelle Nunes of East Freetown, MA, auditions to be in a film by Good Natured Dog Productions.
Lebeda, CEO of Good Natured Dog Productions, and her crew are entering the Boston 48-Hour Film Project, in which contestants have exactly 48 hours to complete a short film and deliver it to Lir Irish Pub & Restaurant on Boylston Street in Boston. The concept will be announced at 7 PM on Friday, May 2, and finished films must be turned in by 7 PM Sunday, May 4.
“It’s like our Falmouth Road Race,” said Lebeda of the contest.
To be ready for the competition she needs an entire cast and crew ready to go when the concept is announced on the evening of May 2. There is a writer in Kansas waiting for instructions as well. Essentially, contestants must use a specific prop, a specific character name with a specific job, and one line of dialogue. Each contestant is assigned a genre – comedy, musical, thriller etc.
Filmmakers Alicia Orsini Lebeda and Scott Lebeda, enjoying an audition.
“They pull it out of a hat,” she said.
Lebeda has entered several other 48-hour competitions, she said. She has done stop motion animation, a post-Apocalyptic vision of the future, a comedy about cops who are actually Chippendale dancers, a drama about an 8-year-old boy helping his single mother, and movie about someone making a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.540949
Retrieved Text: Travis Parker has everything a man could want: a good job, loyal friends, even a waterfront home in small-town North Carolina. In full pursuit of the good life—boating, swimming, and regular barbecues with his good-natured buddies—he holds the vague conviction that a serious relationship with a woman would only cramp his style. That is, until Gabby Holland moves in next door. Despite his attempts to be neighborly, the appealing redhead seems to have a chip on her shoulder about him…and the presence of her longtime boyfriend doesn’t help. Despite himself, Travis can’t stop trying to ingratiate himself with his new neighbor, and his persistent efforts lead them both to the doorstep of a journey that neither could have foreseen. Spanning the eventful years of young love, marriage and family, The Choice ultimately confronts us with the most heart wrenching question of all: how far would you go to keep the hope of love alive?
Visit the official movie website for more info.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.473743
Retrieved Text: Perceptive comedy-drama that falls into its own trap.
A brace of meditative earlier works from the meticulous South Korean director.
Visionary folk film of growing up rooted in nature.
A witty, charming and timeless indie movie.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.27856
Retrieved Text: Hugh Jackman, AKA Wolverine, is currently on the circuit promoting his new movie, Logan. But when he tweeted a picture of himself with fans in Beijing recently, he probably wasn’t expecting to be trolled by another popular member of the Marvel ensemble. But as anybody who’s seen Deadpool will know, if there’s one thing the R-rated anti-hero can’t resist, it’s the chance to run his mouth off!
This isn’t the first time that Wolverine and Deadpool have trolled each other however. Take a look below to see what we mean. It’s all good-natured though, and the two actors are actually good pals in real life. We’re not sure who would win in a fight between Wolverine and Deadpool, but they both win when it comes to being funny!
Few people are brave enough to troll Wolverine, but Deadpool just couldn’t help himself!
We’re not sure who would win in a fight, but they both win when it comes to being funny!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.961296
Retrieved Text: Fossil, or petrified shells of the genus Cardium. – Jameson.
CARDITE, noun Fossil or petrified shells of the genus Cardium.
WELL-NATURED, a. [well and natured.] Good natured; kind.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.868393
Retrieved Text: Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz star in a scene from the movie "Knight and Day."
This good-natured, though intermittently violent, action-and-romance combo sees an everyday woman (Cameron Diaz) unwittingly caught up in the conflict between a highly skilled but apparently rogue CIA agent (Tom Cruise) and his former colleagues (led by Viola Davis and Peter Sarsgaard) as they battle each other and an evil Spanish arms dealer (Jordi Molla) for possession of a recently invented (by young geek Paul Dano) energy source with revolutionary potential. Director and co-writer James Mangold's breezy diversion takes a largely bloodless toll on the extras while the adroitly portrayed central relationship progresses, for the most part, innocently enough.
Watch out for: Frequent, though mostly nongraphic, action violence, at least one use of profanity and of the F-word, some crude language, a few instances of sexual humor.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.763298
Retrieved Text: Good Natured dog food includes dry and canned formulas for puppies and adult dogs. Serve your pet natural nutrition he'll love.
Good Natured is a value-priced, natural, wholesome pet food. It features quality, real ingredients, with meat as the first ingredient, and is free from corn, wheat, soy, artificial preservatives, colors or flavorings to keep pets healthy and strong. Dry and wet food options are available for cats and dogs.
Your dog is all about flavor when it comes to his food, and he is in for a treat with Good Natured Grain Free Salmon & Pea Recipe Adult Dog Food. While he .
Your dog will love the delicious taste of Good Natured Lamb & Vegetable Recipe Casserole Dog Food. While he enjoys his meal, you can feel great knowing .
Buy products related to nature dog food products and see what customers say about nature. We always soak it before feeding so he ha a good portion of food.
Good Naturedâ„¢ Puppy Food – Natural, Chicken & Barley at PetSmart. Shop all dog dry food online.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.633831
Retrieved Text: "A comic twist on a classic tail!"
If you're a fan of director Tim Burton's work chances are good that you'll love his classic early film Frankenweenie. Even if you're not familiar with Mr Burton's other films it's hard not to like this wonderful little movie. Frankenweenie is a short film with a run time of approximately 30 minutes. The movie is shot in black and white and it is alternately funny and touching. Although it is definitely a family friendly movie very young children may find some scenes to be somewhat frightening. Overall however Frankenweenie is a feel-good movie that appeals to viewers of all ages. This film showcases Mr Burton's ability to tell an entertaining and engrossing tale with little time to spare.
This movie focuses on the Frankenstein family and specifically young Victor Frankenstein's relationship with his dog Sparky. The budding B-movie maker's canine pal Sparky gets hit by a car and dies leaving Victor determined to bring him back to life.
Young Victor Frankenstein is inspired in part by experiments that he performed in science class at school. After working with frogs and other creatures Victor becomes convinced that Sparky can indeed be restored to life through scientific experimentation and manipulation.
In true Frankenstein fashion Sparky comes back to life and he and Victor are able to share more experiences. The reinvented Sparky complete with neck bolts and other monsterish features is misunderstood by the Frankenstein's neighbors and some of them are scared of the good-natured pooch. As with all of his films Tim Burton adds

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.60673
Retrieved Text: The Vehicle is equipped with Dual Air Condition, Movie Players, DTS Sound Systems, VIP Interior and Many more to provide our valuable customers with an extremely comfortable ride.
All our chauffeurs are well trained, disciplined and good-natured. Each of them are English speaking while some chauffeurs speak even Italian, German, French, Japanese, Hindi, Malayalam and Arabic as well.
We will be present at the airport holding name boards where it would be easy for our customers to recognize us.
All our vehicles are Fully insured including the passengers.
Entrance tickets for visiting places must be purchased separately at the entrance (Only some places require entrance tickets).
A part payment of 25% is required in order for the reservation (Payments can be done through Western Union or Bank Transfers). The rest to be paid upon arrival.
Discounted prices for hotels will be offered to all our customers if reserved via SLride.com.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.565445
Retrieved Text: Despite what appears to be a pretty adamant campaign to slime this movie, it’s not that bad.
When the trailer above was released, it drew more than a million “thumbs down” clicks and all kinds of angry comments — an all-woman team was political correctness run amok, appropriation of a beloved, iconic property — that seemed like an overreaction. This was more than 200 times the number of down-votes typically received by a crappy movie.
The loud, possibly organized opposition (suspected by some to have including no-voting bots) may have cost “Ghostbusters” a stronger opening weekend, but as summer movies go, it more than holds its own. It is light, silly, good-natured and stocked well with repeated sight gags. What more can be expected?
The new movie pays homage to its predecessor in ways large and small. Original stars and even some of the original’s ghosts appear in the new movie. No one says, “He slimed me,” but one of the team is slimed on several occasions. The bad guy is a brilliant creep. The essential challenge faced by the ghostbusters is to save New York from ghosts. The ghostbuster team faces an uphill battle just to gain credibility until their help is really, really needed.
Like most summer movies, this one isn’t perfect. The filmmakers have fallen in love with computer-generated imagery, and the final battle goes on and on and on. The black ghostbuster character of course is street-smart and cool, as are so many men given the “black friend” roles in current films; the stereotype is getting

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.499277
Retrieved Text: It's been a while since I've written a movie review; I watched Stuck in Love yesterday. It's a sweet indie rom-com that comes full circle, perhaps somewhat dulled by its rehashed storyline but memorable because of its cast.
Stuck in Love tells the story of a family of writers, starring Greg Kinnear as best-selling writer Bill Borgens. Bill, still in love with his ex-wife Erica (Jennifer Connelly), has lost the will to write; Bill's daughter, Sam (Lilly Collins), is devastated by her mother's 'betrayal' and doesn't believe in love until she meets Lou (Logan Lerman), a good-natured, borderline naive boy who is determined to win her heart (I apologize profusely for the platitude). Sam's brother Rusty (Nat Wolff) is romantic and awkward, falling for and idealizing Kate (Liana Liberato), who is a recovering alcoholic.
Flaws, first: Collins and Lerman's chemistry isn't Dicaprio-Winslet but works sufficiently, partly because they both have an 'indie' vibe to them that works for the movie. The film also had an all-too 'complete circle' feel to it - including irrational plot jumps and lack of theme/character development - that diminished its standing as a 'serious' indie film.
Then again, it wasn't intended as one but succeeds as an artsy film nonetheless, especially with its recurring theme of writing/books.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.493055
Retrieved Text: Description: "100-year old Lovebirds" Byong-man Jo and Gye-yeul Kang, have been inseparable companions for the past 76 years. Living in their small home by the river, they wear traditional Korean clothes, go shopping at the local market, have picnics with neighbors, and enjoy dance parties. Every night they go to sleep holding each other's hands.
Observing this fragile couple for 15 months, director Mo-Young Jin acts as a fly-on-the-wall, capturing their twilight days with tender moments that reveal simple acts of affection--from a good-natured leaf fight to a gentle caress of the cheek.
A blockbuster in its native Korea, where it would go on to become the country's biggest independent film of all time, MY LOVE..., DON'T CROSS THAT RIVER presents an unforgettable story of true love that transcends both generations and cultures.
Movie starts at 3, so let's try to meet up before then around 2:45.
After the movie, we'll go out for dinner. Perhaps Korean food? (some of us have to wean ourselves away from our K-vacay).
For those without FB, send an email to info [at] bkadoptee.org.
*For those who can't make Sunday's screening, a few other BKA folks might check it out later in the week. Stay tuned via FB for that date as well!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.380276
Retrieved Text: Great post and yeah bad movie but in a good way at least in my humble opinion. Funny you should mention The Man, Paul Naschy aka Jacinto Molina Álvarez, as I’m reading his autobiography. I hadn’t realized he was an international weightlifter of Olympic ability! Paul Naschy is a big fave of mine and I collect his films and memorabilia (well, sort of but not to a freaky extent).
Anyway, I am just finishing another stay-cation where I had a mini-movie-marathon. The focus was two days of recent films and two days of spaghetti westerns. I love the cinema!
Always good to hear from you, Cap’n Hollis! I agree, Scarab is fun-bad, never boring-bad. I love Naschy, too, I just take good-natured shots at him sometimes. I only knew about his weight-lifting because some of his fan-boys inevitably told me about it whenever I would give less than reverent reviews to some of his horror films.
You take care, too and Happy New Year!
We all have different opinions on films and film stars. Doesn’t bother me if one has a different view than mine. Another star I was reading about recently, Bud Spencer, a career spaghetti western star, was an Olympic swimmer. Judging by his size and character I’d never have thought it. Not swimming anyway. Happy New Year to you as well and hope to see you around the Great River Internet!
Thanks! That’s surprising about Spencer! Glad to see you’re still doing Spaghetti Western marathons.
Got to check this one out! I love me some Ginty!
You had me at

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: an amused indictment of jaglom's own profession . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.669975
Retrieved Text: Most people who've been to the Cannes Film Festival will tell you about their love/hate relationship with the event. Henry Jaglom's comedy of festival manners is an accurate and amusing account of what goes on during those two weeks in May when the sharks of the movie world migrate to the south of France. Jaglom, who has taken his own films to Cannes, knows the territory intimately and plays his neatly plotted outing as the true confessions and observations of an inside trader. The fun here is watching the twists and turns as hot shot Hollywood producer Rick Yorkin (Ron Silver) and the hustler from nowhere, Kaz Naiman (Jaglom regular Zack Norman), pull every sneaky rabbit out of the hat to ensure their project receives Millie Marquand's all-important signature. All the egomania, backstabbing, fake smiles and genuine love of cinema as art that drive Cannes is present as these combatants get down to business. The tone is sly and knowing but never bitter because Jaglom knows from experience that filmmakers chasing something more artistically meaningful than the next brainless blockbuster can and do actually succeed in this environment. Made in the semi-improvised style that characterises much of Jaglom's work, this is impressively carried off by a fine cast, particularly the luminous Aimee and Greta Scacchi whose career has intriguing parallels with those of the character she plays. Jaglom's ear for dialogue is good but his visual sense is as unimaginative as ever. Drab framing and clunky editing take some of the gloss off an otherwise snappy

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.555439
Retrieved Text: 1. Pertaining to art or the arts. A technical word is a word that belongs properly or exclusively to an art; as the verb to smelt, belongs to metallurgy. So we say, technical phrases, technical language. Every artificer has his technical terms.
2. Belonging to a particular profession; as, the words of an indictment must be technical.
It is of the utmost importance clearly to understand the technical terms used by the eastern theologians.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.752321
Retrieved Text: It’s that time of year again folks! Time for the marketing insights space to take our own pulse, reflect on the course of 2014 so far and how we think 2015 may look for us, and set our sights toward charting the course of what the future may hold for us all.
We’d like to invite you to share your experiences and perspective with us in the Summer 2014 GreenBook Research Industry Trends (GRIT) Survey.
The survey takes less than 15 minutes to complete (really; we have timed it many times over and made some adjustments to make it shorter!).
Hacking Market Research: Based off an interactive problem solving session at IIeX, take part in this trade off exercise to identify solutions for bridging the gap between client needs and supplier offerings.
Don’t miss this chance to give back and support your profession.
I was amused to be mentioned in such an honorable website, and just want to let you know that you are doing great market research. I shall recommend this research to other colleges, and hope that you will get more recognition.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.600256
Retrieved Text: This is an amazing quote: "We see SQL injection as the top attack technique on the Web".
See ComputerWorld's SQL Injection Attacks Lead to Heartland, Hannaford Breaches for more on this topic.
I'm amazed because SQL injection is entirely a preventable bug. Yet, it's the top attack technique.
That's an amazing indictment of the programming profession. There are so many shoddy, incompetent programmers (and shoddy, incompetent customers of programming services) that SQL injection is the top attack technique.
XKCD should print that comic on mousepads and coffee mugs so team leads can hand them out to every developer. Keep SQL injection at the forefront of people's minds!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.384762
Retrieved Text: Indicted Lawyer Suspected of Misconduct Still Has Law License | Hupy and Abraham, S.C.
After years of suspected fraud and theft, Mequon, Wisconsin lawyer Sarah Laux is facing criminal charges. The FBI’s 33-count indictment alleges that Laux stole more than $2.2 million from clients. She faces up to 50 years in prison.
Laux’s legal practice targeted older clients with estate planning and trust services. Concerns about her conduct first arose in May 2012 when heirs of the Pfister estate alleged that she embezzled more than $1.5 million from the family.
Of that money, $450,000 was meant to pay for the elderly Carleen Guenther’s nursing home expenses. But she never moved into a nursing home before passing. Laux allegedly used the money to purchase property, pay her firm’s bills and for personal expenses.
This alleged misconduct was first reported by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel in May 2013. An Arizona man, whose parents were working with Laux, read that story and also became suspicious.
Laux persuaded his parents to invest $2.1 million into a series of annuities, but never finalized the transactions. The federal indictment alleges that she stole approximately $584,000 from them too.
Furthermore, the FBI is charging Laux with income tax fraud. Everyone is required to report all of their income to the IRS, even if it’s obtained illegally.
Despite all of these accusations, Laux remains in good standing with the bar. And since she’s not in custody, nothing is preventing her from stealing from more clients! This demonstrates how the Office of Lawyer Regulations has failed to do its job, which is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.04767
Retrieved Text: DO THE CHARGES AGAINST YOU COMPLY WITH ILLINOIS LAW?
In order to charge you with DUI or another offense, the prosecution must prepare written charges against you. Under Illinois law, the charges called the indictment, must contain certain elements. If the indictment is missing an important element, the charges could in limited cases be dismissed.
Illinois statute 725/5-111-3 requires the indictment to contain: 1) the name of the offense, 2) the statute violated, 3) the nature and elements of the offense, 4) the date and county where the offense occurred where possible, and 5) your name as the accused, if known. If the state does not know your name, they may use any name or description that would be reasonably certain to identify you.
If the state seeks an enhanced sentence based on a prior conviction, the indictment must provide that information. The state must also notify you, either through the indictment or other writing before trial, of any fact that would allow the state to obtain a greater than maximum sentence.
If the indictment contains minor mistakes such as a misspelling or an unnecessary allegation, the state may simply correct the charges. If the mistake is substantive, the charges could be dismissed before the trial.
If you raise the defective indictment on appeal, the court will examine whether you were prejudiced in your defense because of the mistake.
In People v Swift, a defendant convicted of Aggravated DUI alleged that the indictment omitted the element that his conduct proximately caused the victim’s injuries. The court looked at whether 1) the indictment

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.741285
Retrieved Text: The New York Times chose to publish Avenatti’s essay calling for Trump’s indictment just eight days after the paper published an anonymous op-ed by a “senior official” in the Trump While House, detailing how members of Trump’s own administration have formed a “resistance” against him.
Trump is reportedly obsessed with ferreting out the anonymous op-ed author, and now fears a “coup” against him from inside his own White House, according to a Vanity Fair report. As a result, according to the legal site Law & Crime, the NYT is “likely to face some pushback” over its publication of the Avenatti op-ed.
Donald Trump should be indicted, wrote Michael Avenatti in 'The New York Times' Thursday.
In the essay, Avanetti directly addressed the issue raised by Trump’s current Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh, according to Vox, who has written that presidents should be immune from indictment while in office, because “it vital that the President be able to focus on his never-ending tasks with as few distractions as possible.” Kavanaugh also argued that the constitutional process of impeachment, not criminal indictment, should be used to remedy presidential wrongdoing.
But Avenatti countered that Trump already appears highly distracted — and that impeachment would also be an enormous distraction.
“This is a White House already engulfed in chaos and daily distractions. And if the House were to initiate impeachment proceedings, it is hard to see how that process would be any less distracting than a criminal indictment,” he wrote.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.689161
Retrieved Text: I am amused at the plan by 'GP leaders' to overhaul the profession as most of us have gone through our professional life ignoring the RCGP - seeing it as a group of people who prefer to sit around talking rather than doing the job they trained to do ('GP leaders plan overhaul of "unsustainable" general practice').
Most of the profession is now losing confidence in the BMA for the toothless way it is dealing with this Government. The problem is the lack of GP partners and the solution is apparently to downgrade all jobs to salaried posts. Excellent, at least they haven't disappointed me. They continue to talk rubbish.
GMS practices are now hugely under-resourced compared with our PMS colleagues. This, of course, is not a popular subject for the BMA as it will only upset the bigger, more vocal and more powerful PMS practices.
Get us all back to a level playing field and GP partner jobs will reappear.
I caution younger GPs against the road proposed by the BMA and RCGP. It will lead to salaried status and being answerable to administrators all your working life and will prevent you from enjoying the most fulfilling career possible - being a family doctor answerable mainly to your patients.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.653608
Retrieved Text: MP Oqab Saqr noted Wednesday that whenever attempts are made to improve ties with Syria, there are some sides that try to thwart these efforts.
He told LBC that once the relationship between Prime Minister Saad Hariri and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad improved, the premier apologized for mistakes made against Syria after the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri.
"Syria will make an apology of its own once the indictment is announced," he stressed.
"Assad himself said that Syria had committed errors in Lebanon and Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Muallem recognized the existence of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon," the MP continued.
Saqr called for putting an end to debates over false witnesses in the case.
In addition, the MP urged Hizbullah to take Hariri's recent positions into consideration, saying that the lack of an indictment does not favor the party because the indictment itself will only prove that the party was not involved in the assassination.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.627306
Retrieved Text: The criminal defense attorneys at Crotty Saland PC understand the importance of not only zealously advocating for our clients regardless of the crimes they are accused of committing, but also know how critical it is to conduct our practice in an ethical and honest manner. This cannot be understated. Unfortunately, not all attorneys practice their profession in this matter. In fact, in the matter of only a few weeks, a third attorney has been indicted or arrested for alleged misconduct in New York City. The Manhattan District Attorney’s Office announced the indictment today of Brian Lam for Grand Larceny in the Second Degree. Mr. Lam allegedly stole $331,376.42 from the New York County Lawyer’s Association (NYCLA) in a payroll scheme after working for that not-for-profit organization for almost two decades.
Prosecutors have alleged that Mr. Lam, who was responsible for payroll, called in extra compensation to himself. These activities allegedly occurred from 2005 through 2008. Mr. Lam is to be arraigned today in Manhattan Supreme Court.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.505812
Retrieved Text: Sadly, a lot of the code from my original attempt at a website has been lost. However, there are a few surviving snippets, which I’ve collected here.
The oldest surviving part of my site, as far as I am aware, is captured in The Internet Archive from 21 May, 2002, back when it was hosted on my free Bigpond hosting (http://www.users.bigpond.com/the-i/).
This is my first “proper” attempt at putting my journal online. There was an even older copy, but sadly it’s been lost—though there is a slightly older front page still there. This largely predates the development of the nedmartin.org site, and was originally hosted on free hosting provided with my internet plan from Telstra (at http://www.users.bigpond.com/the-i/), then later, when I bought my own hosting, under the the-i.org site. Fairly soon after buying my own hosting, and gaining support for server-side technologies such as PHP, I developed a new, dynamic journal, along with an entirely new style.
For comparison, see the newer journal v2 and even newer journal v3.
The front page of my amused site, circa 2002.
For comparison, see the newer amused v2 and even newer amused v3.
Here is the first version of my public file repository—something I built to store a collection of random things I wanted to be online to show people, often just temporarily, and in no particular order. It still uses the original styling and design I used when I built the first iteration of my “complete” nedmartin.org site, which was also the first dynamic website I had built. This iteration contained an amused section,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.48816
Retrieved Text: HOUSTON—Joseph Ferrarone, 33, is set to appear in federal court following the return of an indictment alleging he interfered with a flight crew on a long flight aboard Qatar Airlines from Doha, Qatar, destined for Houston in early December, announced U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson.
Ferrarone was originally charged by criminal complaint on Dec. 2, 2014, a day after his flight returned to George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston. A federal grand jury returned the federal indictment Dec. 17, 2014. He is set for an initial appearance on that indictment today at 2:00 p.m. before U.S. Magistrate Judge George C. Hanks, at which time the government expects to request his continued detention pending further criminal proceedings.
The indictment alleges Ferrarone did knowingly and unlawfully intimidate two flight attendants serving on board the aircraft destined for Houston on Dec. 1, 2014. Ferrarone allegedly created a disturbance on the flight through the use of abusive language, by threatening to blow up the plane and by refusing to comply with directions, instructions and warnings given to him by flight attendants. Because of his actions, the indictment alleges he interfered with the performance of their official duties.
The criminal complaint further alleges Ferrarone was disruptive almost the entire flight from Doha until approximately an hour before arrival in Houston. During the flight, he allegedly made threats to other passengers and kicked the seat in front of him on multiple occasions. He also allegedly attempted to consume his own liquor while onboard and became agitated when told this was not permitted.
The charges allege Ferrarone’s actions

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.425295
Retrieved Text: LOS ANGELES - A Los Angeles police officer who owns a private security firm in Belize surrendered to authorities here Monday following his indictment for attempting to illegally export guns to that Central American nation.
Johnny Augustus Baltazar, 50, who was placed on administrative leave by the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) last year, is named in an indictment handed down by a federal grand jury Oct. 23. Baltazar is charged with one count of unlawful interstate transportation of a firearm and ammunition. He is expected to make his initial appearance in federal court Monday afternoon.
The indictment is the culmination of an investigation by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) that began when U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officers intercepted and seized the weapons at Los Angeles International Airport.
According to the indictment, Baltazar sought to ship a container packed with firearms and ammunition to Belize. The weapons included eight .40-caliber handguns and two 9 mm handguns along with more than 1,500 rounds of ammunition.
Investigators believe the weapons were intended for use by officers with a Belize-based company called Elite Security which is owned by the defendant. The defendant did not have the required licenses to export the firearms.
"As a law enforcement officer, this defendant should know full well why there are strict controls on the export of dangerous firearms," said Miguel Unzueta, special agent in charge for the ICE Office of Investigations in Los Angeles. "These laws are designed to ensure that potentially lethal weapons don't fall into the wrong hands -- that threat is the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.300152
Retrieved Text: Q: If you are charged with 3 possession charges & only plead guilty to 2 are they able to be combined as one plea?
A: You can often resolve guilty pleas on multiple cases to run concurrent, that is at the same time, to avoid additional confinement time. I would encourage him to hire a lawyer.
A: The court looks to the number of different indictment or accusation numbers for the purposes of recidivist sentencing. Although one indictment may have multiple counts, it is still considered one conviction. If the different charges each have their own indictment numbers, they are different convictions. Although multiple indictment numbers may be sentenced at one time and run concurrently, each individual case can be counted for recidivist purposes.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.047117
Retrieved Text: Minnesota Commerce Commissioner Mike Rothman announced that a Prior Lake man, Gerrard Leonard Roy, age 53, is facing a federal indictment for fraud, money laundering and concealing assets in anticipation of filing for bankruptcy in connection with a series of construction companies he owned and operated. ROY is charged with using the various companies to submit false insurance documents in the bidding process to fraudulently obtain and attempt to obtain government contracts.
This case is the result of an investigation conducted by the Minnesota Commerce Fraud Bureau, Criminal Investigation Division of the IRS and United States Postal Inspection Service.
According to the indictment and documents filed in court, between 2010 and February 2015, ROY owned and operated at least seven construction companies, including RSI Associates, Inc., Restoration Specialists, Inc., Road Spec Corporation, Omni Construction Services, Inc., Omni Construction Company, Omni-Midwest, Inc., and Olympic Construction Services, Inc. Through these companies ROY bid on construction contracts offered by public and quasi-governmental organizations, including the City of Minneapolis, City of Hastings, Washington County, Metropolitan Council, Minnesota State Colleges and Universities and others.
According to the indictment and documents filed in court, in order to commission construction projects, public and quasi-governmental entities generally solicit bids from multiple contractors. Among other things, contractors submitting bids are required to obtain surety bonds issued by a third-party insurer, guaranteeing satisfactory completion of the construction project and the payment of all labor and material costs. Such bonds generally cost the contractor between .5 and two percent of the amount of the construction contract.
According to the indictment and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.036097
Retrieved Text: A Cochranton resident has been indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of violating federal firearms laws, U.S. Attorney Scott W. Brady announced Tuesday.
The two-count indictment named Theodore D. Brown, 60, of 315 Long Road, as the sole defendant.
According to the indictment presented to the court on March 22, Brown possessed machine guns that are unlawful to own and were not registered to him in the National Firearms Registration and Transfer Record.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Marshall J. Piccinini is prosecuting the case. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives conducted the investigation leading to the indictment.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.930498
Retrieved Text: Four press members and journalists have been handed aggravated life sentences by a Turkish court on Friday while trial against writers and personnel of the now-defunct Zaman newspaper was postponed to July.
Hidayet Karaca, former chairman of Samanyolu TV Group, Ilhan Isbilen, Kazim Avci, Alaaddin Kaya, the owner of Feza Media Group all received aggravated life sentences while Abdulkadir Aksoy, Dilaver Azim and Ali Celik were handed 10 years and six months prison sentence.
Karaca who was detained in December 2014 already received 31-year jail term in a separate trial.
Both Samanyolu and Zaman were affiliated with Gulen Movement. The government blames the movement and its spiritual leader Fethullah Gulen for the attempted coup in July 2016 But Gulen strongly denies any role in the coup.
Separately, a number of journalists appeared at hearings Istanbul Caglayan Courthouse on Thursday and Friday.
Ibrahim Karayegen, the former night news editor of Zaman daily, asked for his release.
“An indictment has to be grounded upon factual realities, not on impressions… The indictment regards journalistic activities as crimes. If you charge me with the coup, then there must be ‘in the act’ situation or you have to prove my connection with the coup plotters,” he told the court.
He reminded that the Constitutional Court ruled that courts cannot decide how journalists practice their profession, how they can write stories.
“I worked for the Zaman daily for 12 years. I was not a manager. During this period, the newspaper had had no link to any terrorist organization,” Karayegen said during his defense at the court on Thursday.
He lamented violation

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.775776
Retrieved Text: Edward Snowden is a user on mirrored.social. You can follow them or interact with them if you have an account anywhere in the fediverse. If you don't, you can sign up here.
I love how government officials regularly leak to the press to achieve their own political ends, but when Chelsea Manning does it to expose war crimes? When Edward @Snowden does it to unveil unconstitutional privacy invasions?
Much of this indictment appears to cover ordinary journalistic activity, like protecting sources. The indictment even casts the use of common free software tools like Linux and Jabber as evidence of a criminal conspiracy.
This is an alarming day for friends of press freedom.
That is a significant issue regardless of one&apos;s view of Assange as a person, or his work, or his politics.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.687153
Retrieved Text: Vladimir Putin rebuffed questions of whether he knew about the elaborate campaign to meddle in the 2016 election that resulted in the indictment of 13 Russian nationals, telling NBC in an interview clip released Friday that "these are not my problems."
The foreign leader, in a wide-ranging sit-down with NBC host Megyn Kelly taped over two days last week in Russia, refuted the notion that the Kremlin had any involvement in the online campaign, which special counsel Robert Mueller brought charges against last month as part of the federal probe into election interference.
"They could just as easily have been the names of some Americans who are sitting here and interfering in your own political process," Putin said in an interview to air Friday night.
The Russian president, who has repeatedly denied his country attempted to interfere in the American electoral process, said he was not concerned about the matter.
“You mentioned a number of names, some individuals. And you’re telling me that they’re Russians. So what?" Putin said. "Maybe being Russian, they’re actually working for some kind of American company. Perhaps one of them used to work for one of the candidates. I have no idea."
In a separate clip of the interview released earlier this week, Putin told Kelly he has no plans to extradite the individuals charged by Mueller's team over the indictment.
Mueller’s office on Feb. 16 unveiled an indictment against 13 Russian nationals and three foreign entities on charges pertaining efforts to meddle in the 2016 campaign.
The indictment, which included charges of conspiracy to defraud the United

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.686684
Retrieved Text: State Sen. Jeremy Hutchinson (R-Little Rock) was indicted on Friday by a federal grand jury for allegedly using tens of thousands of dollars of campaign contributions for his own personal benefit and concealing the scheme by falsifying campaign finance reports and income tax filings. The senator, who is the nephew of Governor Asa Hutchinson, disputes the allegations but nonetheless announced that he will resign from office.
Among the misuses of campaign funds listed in the indictment were tickets and accommodation expenses for a Caribbean cruise and a vacation to New Orleans, as well as shopping sprees at jewelry, clothing, and other retail stores. The government also alleges that he used campaign funds for more everyday expenses: groceries and gas charges, gym membership fees, and Netflix fees.
Here's the indictment. Hutchinson is scheduled to appear before U.S. Magistrate Judge Patricia S. Harris on September 18.
Importantly, the charges brought against Hutchinson on Friday are distinct from allegations of bribery that emerged in the guilty plea of former lobbyist Rusty Cranford. A source familiar with the investigation tells the Arkansas Times that today’s indictment is not a signal that authorities have dropped the investigation of legal fees paid to Hutchinson and another unnamed senator in what has been characterized as payments for favorable legislative actions. Those investigations continue.
Shortly after the office of U.S. Attorney Cody Hiland announced the news, Hutchinson's attorneys, Tim Dudley and Stephen Larson, released a statement calling the allegations in the indictment factually inaccurate. They maintain the senator is innocent but said he intended to resign from the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.679783
Retrieved Text: The criminal defendant man was indicted for the crimes of robbery in the first degree, robbery in the second degree and grand larceny in the second degree. On August 10, 1978 the defendant moved for a dismissal of the indictment on the ground that he was not given an opportunity to testify before the grand jury, although timely notice to that effect was served upon the district attorney. On August 25, 1978 the accused man’s motion was heard. The complainant conceded that the defendant man was not notified to appear as a witness before the grand jury, but would not consent to a dismissal on that ground. The complainant moved that, instead, the indictment be dismissed in the interests of justice. The defendant joined in the complainant’s motion and the indictment was dismissed on that ground.
Thereafter, on August 28, 1978, the complainant’s instant application for leave to resubmit was argued. The complainant alleged that through inadvertence, leave to submit the charges to another grand jury and to make the dismissal conditional upon the defendant testifying under a waiver of immunity was not requested. Credit card fraud was not involved.
The defendant man contends that since the indictment was dismissed in the interests of justice on the complainant’s own motion, the court is without the authority to grant leave at this time. Furthermore, he argues that an application for leave to resubmit the charges after dismissal of an indictment may be made only at the time the motion to dismiss was heard and granted. Since the complainant failed

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.606066
Retrieved Text: In recent months, I have delivered numerous seminars on the topics of diversity, inclusion and unconscious bias. What strikes me is how often I hear people talk of other people’s – or other organisations’ – biases, whilst singularly failing to recognise their own.
I was contacted around 6 months ago by an events manager who had been tasked with organising an unconscious bias speaker for a conference being put on for a group of professional women in a male-dominated corporate organisation. He started off by telling me that he didn’t see why such a conference was necessary, but he would organise it as that was what he was being paid for. (mmm… who chose this event management company?) He then said that I had all the credentials he needed and wanted to book me and what would I charge to attend for the day and speak for 1 hour.
I said I would charge £1500. That is typical of my usual rate for speaking and I know that if he runs an events management company he would be familiar with speaking rates ranging up to as much as £5000 or more. He then said that as it was just a conference for women, he wasn’t interested in paying anything over £500.
Then recently, I was asked to speak at an annual conference. The topic was ‘achieving greater diversity and inclusion’. After everything was agreed, I was then notified that the director responsible had changed his mind, as he only wanted a speaker who had spent their career working within

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.604929
Retrieved Text: The former president of the union representing Jackson County Department of Corrections employees was indicted by a federal grand jury today for a wire fraud scheme in which he embezzled more than $185,000 from the union local.
Jesse E. Morgan, 38, of Kansas City, Mo., was charged in a 29-count indictment returned by a federal grand jury in Kansas City. Morgan was president of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) Local 1707 from 2008 through Oct. 20, 2012.
Today’s indictment alleges that Morgan engaged in a wire fraud scheme from Nov. 1, 2008, through Oct. 22, 2012, to steal from AFSCME Local 1707. The federal indictment charges Morgan with 29 counts of wire fraud.
According to the indictment, Morgan wrote $9,700 in unauthorized checks from the union local’s bank account, payable to himself. Morgan allegedly made $69,540 in electronic payments from the AFSCME Local 1707 bank accounts to others, for his own benefit. Morgan allegedly made $56,231 in unauthorized ATM withdrawals from AFSCME Local 1707 bank accounts. Morgan allegedly made $50,091 in unauthorized counter withdrawals from AFSCME Local 1707 bank accounts.
The indictment also contains a forfeiture allegation, which would require Morgan to forfeit to the government any property derived from the proceeds of the alleged wire fraud scheme.
This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul S. Becker. It was investigated by the U.S. Department of Labor – Office of Labor-Management Standards.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.495611
Retrieved Text: John Demers (2-R), assistant attorney general for the US Department of Justice National Security Division, announces criminal charges against seven Russian Federation GRU intelligence officers in Washington, D.C. on October 4th, 2018.
WASHINGTON — Federal prosecutors released a stunning new indictment Thursday that accuses seven Russian intelligence agents of trying to hack a slew of well-known organizations and companies around the world. Those targets include the World Anti-Doping Agency, FIFA, Westinghouse Electric Corporation (a Pennsylvania-based nuclear power company) and the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
What connects these seemingly disparate organizations? In one way or another, they all have been perceived as hostile or a threat to Russia, and so they came under attack from Russia’s intelligence agency, the GRU, over a period of several years.
The World Anti-Doping Agency was targeted for exposing Russia’s state-backed athlete performance-enhancing drug program, which led to a ban on Russian athletes participating in the 2016 Rio Summer Olympics. That ban was upheld by the Court of Arbitration for Sport, which also faced Russian cyberattacks, the indictment alleges.
According to the indictment, after FIFA began investigating doping by Russian soccer players, agents hacked into computers used by FIFA’s anti-doping team and stole confidential lab results, medical reports and contracts with doctors and medical testing labs.
This same group of Russian agents — who operated under the bogus name Fancy Bears’ Hack Team — targeted Westinghouse Electric Company, whose power plant designs are used for about half of the world’s active nuclear power plants. According to the indictment, Westinghouse has supplied Ukraine, Russia’s neighbor

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.444546
Retrieved Text: U.S. District Judge Walter Nixon of Mississippi accepted a share in three oil wells as a bribe in a drug smuggling case, a federal grand jury charged today in a four-count indictment.
The indictment said Nixon, chief judge of the Southern District of Mississippi, accepted $60,000 in mineral royalties to three oil and gas wells from businessman Wiley Fairchild, of Hattiesburg, Miss.
The indictment said Fairchild's son, Drew, was a suspect in a drug-smuggling conspiracy case.
Wiley Fairchild was also indicted on charges of giving perjured testimony to the grand jury investigating the case.
The indictment alleges that he offered the royalties to Nixon in February, 1981, in exchange for Nixon's assistance in helping his son fight the drug-smuggling charges.
It said Nixon asked his longtime friend, Dist. Atty. Paul Holmes, to "do what he could" to help Drew Fairchild.
The younger Fairchild eventually pleaded guilty and is serving a six-month prison term.
Nixon, 55, pleaded innocent to all charges and was released on his own recognizance.
New Orleans attorney Michael Fowler, who represented the judge, said he has asked Chief Judge Charles Clark of the U.S. 5th Circuit Court of Appeals to relieve Nixon of his duties pending trial.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.43543
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Three movie financiers were arrested on Tuesday on charges they defrauded investors of $12 million that was provided to produce films starring, among others Harry Connick Jr and Willie Nelson.
An indictment filed in Manhattan federal court accused James David Williams, Steven Brown and Gerald Seppala of engaging in a conspiracy to fraudulently solicit investments in films from 2012 to 2016 with promises of guaranteed returns and profit participation.
The indictment said the trio misled investors about their own investment in the films or the funding they had already received from other investors, and used falsified documents to support their claims.
The $12 million they solicited to finance marketing the films was actually used to pay back other investors or for personal expenses, the indictment said.
Williams, for example, used the funds to buy a home in Calabasas, California, a new car and on personal expenses at clothing stores, club memberships and his children's' school tuition, the indictment said.
None of the films was identified by name in the indictment. But some of the films matched the description of movies at the heart of a lawsuit by one of their former investors, Bill Busbice of Wyoming.
In that lawsuit, filed in 2014 in federal court in Los Angeles, Busbice said the three men swindled him out of $10.9 million to secure investments in four films.
Those movies included "Angels Sing," a 2013 Christmas family drama starring Connick and Nelson, and "Left Behind," a 2014 Christian apocalyptic thriller starring Nicolas Cage.
A lawyer for Busbice declined to comment.
Williams, 54, was arrested

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.425777
Retrieved Text: PHILADELPHIA – A federal grand jury sitting in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania returned a superseding indictment today adding charges in a pending criminal case against a Philadelphia-area political consultant announced U.S. Attorney Louis D. Lappen for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and Acting Assistant Attorney General John P. Cronan of the Justice Department’s Criminal Division.
The original indictment, returned on Oct. 24, 2017, charged Kenneth Smukler, 57, with causing unlawful campaign contributions, causing the filing of false reports to the Federal Election Commission (FEC), and causing false statements to the Federal Election Commission in connection with a 2012 congressional campaign. The superseding indictment charges Smukler with these same offenses, as well as making conduit contributions to a federal campaign committee and obstructing an FEC investigation in connection with the 2014 congressional campaign of a different candidate.
As alleged in the indictment, in or about April 2014, Smukler became aware that the campaign was running out of funds that it could spend on primary election expenses. According to the indictment, Smukler nevertheless directed the campaign to continue paying for goods and services associated with the primary election. According to the indictment, in or about May 2014, one of Smukler’s companies made a $78,750 payment to the campaign that was used to pay for primary election expenses. Smukler falsely told the campaign that this money came from a segregated media account, when in fact the payment was funded by an associate of Smukler’s and therefore constituted an illegal campaign contribution.
As alleged in the indictment, after the campaign lost the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.409628
Retrieved Text: HOUSTON – A woman claiming to be a financial advisor and money manager has been arrested on allegations she defrauded former NFL football player Ricky Williams and three other professional athlete victims out of millions of dollars, announced U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson. Peggy Ann Fulford, 58, formerly of Houston and now residing in New Orleans, is charged with wire fraud, mail fraud, interstate transportation of stolen property and money laundering.
She was taken into custody today in New Orleans where she will make her initial appearance. She is expected to appear in Houston shortly thereafter.
A federal grand jury in Houston returned the eight-count indictment Dec. 13, 2016, which was unsealed upon her arrest today.
According to the indictment, Fulford falsely told victims she was a Harvard-educated financial advisor and money manager. She offered to manage their expenses for them and use their money exclusively to pay their bills, including their income tax payments, and/or to make retirement investments for them, according to the allegations. Instead, Fulford allegedly diverted millions of victim funds that she laundered through dozens of bank accounts to pay for her own personal expenses.
The indictment alleges Fulford falsely told victims that she graduated from Harvard Law School and Harvard Business School and that she had made millions on Wall Street, by buying and selling hospitals or on real estate in the Bahamas. She never requested a fee because she allegedly told the victims she already had millions of dollars and just wanted to protect them from losing their money.
Fulford failed to inform the victims that

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.368795
Retrieved Text: VATICAN CITY (CNS) — A second criminal trial opens Nov. 5 in the little courtroom on the ground floor of the Vatican’s tribunal building, located just behind the apse of St. Peter’s Basilica.
Claudio Sciarpelletti, a computer technician in the Vatican Secretariat of State, is to be tried on charges of aiding and abetting Paolo Gabriele, the papal butler, who was convicted of aggravated theft for stealing or photocopying private Vatican correspondence — including letters to and from the pope.
The Vatican court’s indictment of Sciarpelletti was released Aug. 13 along with the indictment of Gabriele.
The papal butler was arrested May 23 after a police search of his Vatican apartment turned up hundreds of sensitive documents, including many that had been leaked to an Italian journalist. Informed of “continual contacts” between Gabriele and Sciarpelletti, the Vatican court authorized a search May 25 of Sciarpelletti’s office in the Secretariat of State, the indictment said.
Sciarpelletti himself led police to their key piece of evidence against him: an envelope in his desk. On the outside of the envelope was written: “Personal: P. Gabriele,” the court said. The back of the envelope was marked with the secretariat’s seal.
The computer tech was arrested May 25 and held by Vatican security overnight. According to the court documents, his descriptions of his relationship with Gabriele and of the origin and destination of the envelope changed several times over the course of the investigation.
Originally, Sciarpelletti was accused of giving false testimony, conspiracy to commit aggravated theft, aiding and abetting a thief and violating the secrets of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.300764
Retrieved Text: Guillermo Contreras Aug. 23, 2018 Updated: Aug. 24, 2018 6:29 a.m.
A principal operator of a canine training business in San Antonio swindled about $1.26 million from the GI Bill program by fraudulently claiming his trainers were certified and using a dead man’s identity to further the scheme, according to an indictment unsealed Thursday.
The indictment said Bradley Croft, 46, submitted to the Texas Veterans Commission the names of people he claimed to be certified training instructors, but they never gave permission for him to use their names for Universal K-9’s application. One instructor who was cited had been dead for two years.
Croft is charged with eight counts of wire fraud, four counts of aggravated identity theft and two counts of money laundering.
Arrested Wednesday, Croft had his initial hearing Thursday in federal court. Over the objections of one of Croft’s lawyers, Tom McHugh, U.S. Magistrate Judge Henry Bemporad ordered Croft held for a bail hearing and arraignment Tuesday.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Greg Surovic told the judge that Croft is a flight risk and danger to the community. Croft has a lengthy criminal history, which includes shooting at people and other violence and a federal conviction in the late 1990s involving insurance fraud, for which he got five years of probation, court records show.
“Over the past 20 years, he lived a life where he basically intimidated everyone around him,” Surovic said, requesting Tuesday’s hearing to bring in witnesses to show why Croft should not be released on bond.
Agents with the FBI, and the IRS’ Criminal Investigation division raided Universal K9

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: a small movie with a big heart . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.43956
Retrieved Text: I hope to review this movie when it is out on DVD. The one show that was in a convenient theater was cancelled because there weren't enough people. :( And of course, I will still try to go for a show during the week.
_AnupamSingh: GATTU is a beautiful movie with insightful Leadership & Management lessons. A highly recommended movie for Kids!!
whackydjavi: #Gattu sweet and short movie with an amazing message. I'm so proud we've put over 2 million underpriv children through school via our NGO.
vivekagnihotri: If you do not support #Gattu then don't complain that we don't make good children's films.
touchappu: And Today, we witnessed #SMJ in a different way! In the movie #Gattu There's glorification of this mantra in a very unique & POSITIVE way!
suryadeep_ag: Gattu is such a wonderfully refreshing movie. Must watch!!
Shruti2910: #Gattu is an absolute must see! Sense, Emotions, charm and what not! Brilliant work!
ravishndtv: Big thanks to makers of Gattu for making my daughter n me so happy this weekend. Gattu is a film for adults more than kids.
paolid_: #gattu definitely worth a watch n a delightful one at that!.. Let's support this great film.
Nishiths: Enjoyed #GATTU immensely. amazing script, flawless acting by kids, impeccable direction... a must watch!!!
monicamody: Blithe, unselfconscious, joyful. Gattu!
Modhgil: Gattu is a delightful film, on children but equally appealing to the 'child at heart'. Great work Rajshri!
loonylib: #Gattu. Whattay wonderful way to start my morning. Go watch yer. It's jaastoogoot.
IbuHatela: Gattu has been rewatched. This is what they call 'pure uncompromised cinema'. So much could've gone wrong.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.558756
Retrieved Text: Do you know what really annoys me? When movie previews state, "starring big-stars so-and-so and so-and-so", then deliver a movie which features those actors in such small cameo roles that if you blink, you might just miss them entirely.
Such is the problem with The Thin Red Line, an intolerably boring, three-hour World War II rip-off of Saving Private Ryan. I thought I was going to see John Travolta and George Clooney in big roles. Instead, they appeared for five minutes each. An unfamiliar actor that I didn't recognize (Adrien Brody) portrayed the main character, Cpl. Fife a woeful, overly philosophical World War II soldier who faithfully writes long, "What is this world coming to?" type letters to his beloved wife. She eventually writes back to inform him that she's fallen in love with another man and wants a divorce. Boy, did I see that coming. Rule of thumb for movie characters: if you truly love someone, if you're really devoted to them heart and soul, it's guaranteed that they're going find someone else and dump you when you least expect it.
And as I mentioned earlier, The Thin Red Line is a very dull version of Saving Private Ryan. The action lacks interest, and this movie is way too heavy on the philosophy. The same message - let's have world peace, let's not kill each other, duh!- could have been delivered in much less time and a lot fewer words.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.205343
Retrieved Text: For true horror fans a death scene can make or break a movie/TV series and good ones often become iconic and memorable moments on both the big and small screen. Death is just about the most dramatic thing that can happen, and as such, is at the heart of many great films. According to research, some death scenes stick with us more than others; whether it's the shower scene in Psycho, the bursting chest in Alien or the bloody teeth of Jaws. It seems we just can't get enough gore!
Our enjoyment of horror and gore is dark and frankly a bit weird! However the industry isn’t complaining, they’re eager to feed our strange appetite. According to movie statistics website The Numbers, horror films are big money-makers grossing over $9 billion worldwide since 1995 just behind romantic comedies (of course).
Sometimes it’s not only the iconic act that is memorable for us, but the object used to do it. Most of our favorite villains have a weapon of destruction that they just wouldn't be complete without. But can you guess which weapons are featured in which film/TV show? Take the quiz to find out!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.148766
Retrieved Text: Remember the romantic and soothing song ‘Haan Tu Hai” and “Zara si dil mei de jagah tu” from the movie Jannat, these song were such a big hit back then. Even today, these songs never fails to bring smiles on our faces.
The movie Jannat was a very big hit. Emraan Hashmi’s performance in the movie was loved and appreciated a lot. But the movie also has a star that made every heart skip a beat with her smile.
On one hand, now when Emraan Hashmi has become such a big name in the Bollywood industry, after giving many hits and brilliant performances, time and again but somehow, the female lead who stole everyone’s heart got vanished from the Bollywood industry.
Yes we are talking about the beautiful, Sonal Chauhan. Sonal Chauhan became the talk of the town and very famous after her debut movie Jannat.
Although, the movie career of Sonal Chauhan was very short lived. She was last seen in the movie called 3G, with Neil Nitin Mukesh. The movie was a flop at the box office.
After her flop, she stopped getting movie offers and due to which she has to move towards the South movie industry.
Sonal Chauhan starred in a South movie called Size 0, which earned Rs.95 crores at the Box Office. After Jannat this movie is the most successful movie of her career till now.
For #timesretailandrealty awards in Pune. Top- @shivaniawastyofficial Pants- @mango Styled by @d_devraj ???? Hair and make up – @harryrajput64 ♥️????
Sonal Chauhan is working in the South Indian movie industry and her

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.108217
Retrieved Text: Watch Supermen of Malegaon movie online for free. Malegaon, a small town tucked away near the heart of India geographically, is fraught with.. Hollywood Full Movie In Hindi 1080p 720p FULL HD Mp4 Free Download, . . Supermen Of Malegaon Full Movie Telugu . MP4 . the Supermen of Malegaon full movie in hindi .
Supermen Of Malegaon Bengali Movie Full Hd 1080p . Watch and download Supermen of Malegaon In Movie has genre Documentary and Movie .. Supermen of Malegaon . 1.78 : 1 / (high definition) See full technical specs Edit Did You Know? . Download Audio Books .. Watch Supermen of Malegaon online free. Malegaon, a small town tucked away near the heart of India geographically, is fraught with communal tension and under se.
Malegaon Ke Sholay, Download the latest released Bollywood HD Movies, Games and Software directly from Torrent. Wapking and DJmaza official mp4, 3gp, avi videos.
Supermen Of Malegaon Of The Movies Free Download . Supermen Of Malegaon Of The Movies Free Download. Stream in HD Download in HD. . Supermen of Malegaon.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.030237
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time, there were a elder man and woman living in a small village….
I think there are common components to make fiary tales be loved by everyone.
Today, I saw a movie called “Jack the Jiant Slayer-3D (2013)”, based on the fairy tale we read in our childhood. Although I am not a big fun of 3D given wearing the glasses for 2 hours make me tired, I really enjoyed this movie.
Nowadays, there are lots of movies based on fairy tales; Puss in boots, Snow queen, Alice in wonderland, Sleeping beauty, Shrek, and so on.
We all know what’s going to happen. But we still love these stories.
To be honest, I want to see Japanese one as well.
So my suggestion to Japanese film makers is to make modern version of Japanese fairy tales’ movies. It can show the world that Japan has many wonderful fairy tales.
I wonder how it looks like if Momotaro, Kintaro or Urashimataro come out with 3D.
I wish I could my childish heart no matter how old I will be.
This entry was posted in Culture, Movie and tagged Learning, movies on March 5, 2013 by MD.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.0164
Retrieved Text: They did give us a heads up that it is a heartwarming movie but literally every scene stole my heart away.
If you want to cry your heart out then it is a must to watch "The Kid From The Big Apple 2"
Please don't compare The Kid From Big Apple 1 and 2. It's completely a different story!
The Kid From Big Apple 2 is about the Grandpa having dementia and how the family is accepting it.
So yeah, that's all about it but every single scene will make you cringe and make you cry. It was tough to watch this movie with a strong heart.
Most of the scenes are relatable to our daily life and they showed true life as realistic as possible. It is not a fantasy that you want to live in.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.86967
Retrieved Text: I’ve been binge-watching….but it’s not what you think.
I’ve been watching Moana on repeat for weeks now.
The first time I saw this movie was with my Platonic Man Movie Date Friend Guy, Kyle at a press screening. Poor Kyle. I sobbed all over his shirt. I was a hot mess. I got home to try and write my review, and my notes were so tear-stained, I could barely make out any of my writing.
Destroyed by a kid’s movie.
But now, I’ve seen this movie enough times that I can do Gramma Tala’s hula she dances with the sting rays, I can sing Shiny (with some pretty amazing choreography..I even have a hat) like nobody’s business. I can do the haka that Maui does when he opens the gate to the Realm of Monsters, I gasp every.single.time Moana gets stuck in the reef.
And I still cry. Every time. Every time Moana bangs the drum instead of placing her rock on the mountain. Every time she whoops out “WE WERE VOYAGERS!” When gramma goes to be with the stingrays. When Moana decides to go back home, without returning the heart of Te Fiti.
Don’t get me started on the ending. This article puts most of it into words for me.
I am Moana, stuck on the island and wanting to journey beyond the reef because I know there’s something out there.
I’ve built a life on my little island. Everyone I know is on this island. It’s safe. It’s warm. It’s mostly protected.
My island has a comfortable couch. And streaming video. And a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.84409
Retrieved Text: Looking for a movie to watch this weekend?
Check what’s showing on broadcast and cable television.
Tom Hanks won his second (in a row) Oscar as Best Actor for making us believe in a man with a simple mind and a huge heart.
Anjelica Huston and Raul Julia bring the musty television series to the big screen in this offbeat comedy about a most eccentric family.
Bruce Willis tries to comfort a young boy who claims he can “see dead people” in this masterful thriller from M. Night Shyamalan.
Gene Hackman stirs the heart as the coach of a small-town basketball team with bigger dreams than quality talent.
Tom Hanks captures our imaginations as the leader of a brave crew of astronauts trying to make history in space.
Denzel Washington arrives in a small town, starts to coach the football team, and begins to realize the difference he can make.
Greer Garson won an Oscar for her stirring performance as a brave woman holding her family and village together in England during World War II.
Judy Garland should have won an Oscar for her thrilling turn as a young woman with ambition who finds room in her life to love.
Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton try to battle bad weather and bad feelings they share about each other in this thriller about tornadoes.
Joaquin Phoenix brings the music, disappointments and fears of the legendary Johnny Cash to the movies in this by-the-books bio pic that comes to life when Phoenix steps on screen.
Doris Day leaves the familiarity of romantic comedy – her favorite type of movie to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.803244
Retrieved Text: Samntha playing a role of Rama Lakshmi along side with Ram Charan in this movie and the character of her in Rangasthalam is special about her in Rangasthalam movie for convinced with her rustic looks and village saree looks and building up the excitement for this movie. Samantha Akkineni Rangasthalam look which was released on 9th feb 2018 and her stills in rangasthalam movie with her stunning performance and Samantha akkineni rangasthalam look made lot of buzz in social media as she plays a village girl and her role is certainly never seen before as in Rama lakshmi trailer of Rangasthalam looking beautiful and samantha was last seen in a horror movie Raju Gari Gadhi 2 and received tremendous response with raju gari gadhi 2 huge box office collections.
With the release of rangasthalam rama lakshmi introductory teaser of Samantha of time less than 30 sec grabbed lot of attention with voice of Ram charan in the background giving introduction of Samantha as Rama Lakshmi as his love interest in rangasthalam movie and with the look and character of Ram charan as chitti babu a sound engineer in this movie and chitti babu and Rama Lakshmi in rangasthalam movie with prominent role will definitely brings magic together on 29 th march 2018.
Georgiou’s and lovely Samantha with her stunning looks stole every one heart in just her first introductory part of her upcoming flik Rangasthalam movie and as expected with her look grabbed lot of attention and received massive positive response loving Samantha as Rama Lakshmi look. Rangasthalam

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.764917
Retrieved Text: Search Search Search powered by YAHOO!
Search movie showtimes and buy tickets.
Columbia presents a film directed by Fred Schepisi, and produced by Michael Rachmil and Daniel Melnick. Screenplay by Steve Martin, based on the play "Cyrano de Bergerac," by Edmond Rostand. Photographed by Ian Baker. Edited by John Scott. Running time: 107 minutes. Classified PG.
"Roxanne" is a gentle, whimsical comedy starring Steve Martin as a man who knows he has the love of the whole town, because he is such a nice guy, but fears he will never have the love of a woman, because his nose is too big. His nose is pretty big, all right; he doesn't sniff wine, he inhales it.
The movie is based on "Cyrano de Bergerac," a play that was written in 1890 but still strikes some kind of universal note, maybe because for all of us there is some attribute or appendage we secretly fear people will ridicule. Inside every adult is a second-grader still terrified of being laughed at.
In "Roxanne," the famous nose belongs to C.D. Bates, a small-town fire chief, who daydreams of a time when the local citizens will have enough confidence in his department to actually call it when there's a fire.
In despair at the incompetence of his firemen, he hires a firefighting expert (Rick Rossovich) to train them. The expert arrives in town almost simultaneously with a tall, beautiful blond (Daryl Hannah), who is an astronomer in search of an elusive comet.
Both men fall instantly in love with the woman. At first she has eyes for

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.71458
Retrieved Text: “Well, in Whoville they say– that the Grinch’s small heart grew three sizes that day.” Have some delicious movie night fun with these Grinch Heart Krispie Treats! Who else loves the Grinch? It’s Baby Brother’s absolute favorite at Christmas! So, we were thrilled to get sent a copy of Universal Pictures Home Entertainment’s Dr. Seuss’ The Grinch (releasing on Blu-ray/DVD on February 5, 2019) for review! To celebrate, I made these gooey, green Grinch hearts – a seriously delicious movie night treat!
Read on to enter to WIN your own!
The new home entertainment edition contains more than 60 minutes of bonus content, including three mini-movies: “Dog Days of Winter” starring theGrinch and his heroically loyal dog Max; and “Yellow is the New Black” and “Santa’s Little Helpers,” both starring the lovable Minions. It also includes stunning featurettes, a how-to-draw tutorial and much more. Narrated by Grammy Award®winner and Oscar® nominee Pharrell Williams, Dr. Seuss’ The Grinch stars Academy Award® nominee Benedict Cumberbatch (Dr. Strange, “Sherlock”) as the infamous Grinch, who lives a solitary life inside a cave on Mt. Crumpit with only his loyal dog, Max, for company. The incredible voice cast includes Rashida Jones (“Parks and Recreation,” The Muppets) as Donna Who, Kenan Thompson (“Saturday Night Live”) as Bricklebaum, Cameron Seely (The Greatest Showman) as Cindy-Lou Who, and featuring legendary actress Angela Lansbury (Anastasia, Beauty and the Beast) as the mayor of Whoville. Funny, heartwarming and visually stunning, Dr. Seuss’ The Grinch is a perfect night in for the whole family!
From Green to Screen – It

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.532593
Retrieved Text: Great speech by John Wayne from one of the many movie versions of the story of the Alamo.
Davy Crockett: Republic. I like the sound of the word. It means people can live free, talk free, go or come, buy or sell, be drunk or sober, however they choose. Some words give you a feeling. Republic is one of those words that makes me tight in the throat – the same tightness a man gets when his baby takes his first step or his first baby shaves and makes his first sound as a man. Some words can give you a feeling that makes your heart warm. Republic is one of those words.
Here is a Youtube clip from the movie.
The Alamo (1960) In 1836 General Santa Anna and the Mexican army is sweeping across Texas. To be able to stop him, General Sam Houston needs time to get his main force into shape. To buy that time he orders Colonel William Travis to defend a small mission on the Mexicans’ route at all costs. Travis’ small troop is swelled by groups accompanying Jim Bowie and Davy Crockett, but as the situation becomes ever more desperate Travis makes it clear there will be no shame if they leave while they can.
For anyone keeping score this is another movie that I will watch whenever it comes on. I am a big John Wayne fan and will stop at any movie he is in and watch it.
Now for something a little different a little view of the actors that have

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.476574
Retrieved Text: A small fishing village must procure a local doctor to secure a lucrative business contract. When unlikely candidate and big city doctor Paul Lewis lands in their lap for a trial residence, the townsfolk rally together to charm him into staying. As the doctor's time in the village winds to a close, acting mayor Murray French has no choice but to pull out all the stops and begin The Grand Seduction.
The lengths that people will go to so that they can have a Doctor close to home. It is amusing, and heart warming.
I saw this movie at the theatre, then recently I watched the original French version.
Both are very similar, but I like the English one better.
A few good laughs to be had, if you are from the east coast you will probably enjoy this movie more than someone from out west.
Wonderful movie. Entertaining, funny and completely enjoyable!
This is a light, gentle comedy. I recommend it if you are a fan of films like Waking Ned Devine. Brendan Gleeson is always great. The Grand Seduction is rated PG-13 for some suggestive material and drug references.
Predictable, sweet in a way, but nothing particularly special.
Loved this movie. Moved a little slow at first, but a really sweet story. believable cast. Met my "great movie" criteria: Good story, nobody gets naked or killed.
Good flic- a well produced and acted Canadian comedy- I liked it.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.39898
Retrieved Text: Every time when I go for Vijay Sethupathi movie my gut says that his movie is going to give a different feel. with this same expectation, I went to watch 96.
My expectations didn’t go wrong. That simple movie simply dragged me 5 years back, back to my failed love affair.
96 says a very different love story. A simple but unfulfilled one. Each scene and dialogues in this movie may remain close to your heart and hurt you if you are someone who has lost their love.
Vijay Sethupathi and Trisha Krishnan’s combo is really wonderful and sweet. I don’t think I have to comment that their performance is good as it is already known, I personally felt that no one else can do Ram and Janu’s life so perfectly other than them.
Also, the actors Adithya Bhaskar and Gouri G Kishan who didRam’s and Janu’s childhood did their pace very well and it is heart touching.
Avoiding all the cliches like violence, alcohol and cigarette, director C. Premkumar has done a commendable work. A simple but an elegant film.
Though this film requires no camera magic, the cameraman has beautifully impressed the audience with simple and smooth shots.
Music plays an inevitable role in romantic movies and yes this movie is rich with its lovely songs and heart soothening background music. The outstanding one is everyone’s favourite “Kathalae Kathalae” song.
96 is a movie surely that deserves support by watching it on the big screen. This movie can definitely captivate your heart and mind and let you leave the theatres with a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.32953
Retrieved Text: We had our first movie outing to a real movie theater over the summer to see Despicable Me 3. Armed with a big bag of popcorn BabyCakes sat through the whole movie! We really enjoyed it. During the previews for the movie we saw the trailer for FERDINAND, the story of a giant bull with a big heart. After being mistaken for a dangerous beast, he is captured and torn from his home. Determined to return to his family, he rallies a misfit team on the ultimate adventure. Set in Spain, Ferdinand proves you can't judge a bull by its cover.
The movie comes out December 15th, but the FERDINAND team has offered me tickets to an advance screening of FERDINAND on December 9th at UA Riverview (1400 S Christopher Columbus Blvd, Philadelphia). Enter to win tickets in the Rafflecopter widget below!
Winners will be notified by 12/6.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.174128
Retrieved Text: Rise Above Heart Failure by making small lifestyle changes, including twelve small changes you can make today. Sponsored by the American Heart Association.
Do you know what heart failure is? I have to be honest – I thought I did, but I quickly realized I really didn’t after doing a little bit of research.
If you don’t know what heart failure is, don’t feel bad. It may be one of the most misunderstood major health issues facing the country today, but its impact is undeniable.
Heart failure is a serious issue that needs our attention. As the nation’s oldest and largest voluntary health organization dedicated to fighting cardiovascular diseases, the American Heart Association is beginning to chart a course to help improve the lives of Americans with this devastating condition.
So, what is heart failure? Heart failure is a chronic, progressive condition in which the heart is unable to pump enough blood around the body.
What can you do to stay healthy and prevent heart failure? Small changes in lifestyle eventually add up to big results, such as eating a heart healthy diet (low on fat and salt and high in fruits, vegetables and fiber) or exercising more.
I’m very fortunate in that I am currently in great health. I give a lot of credit to my mom and grandmother who were both very health conscious. My grandmother used to go on long walks every day and my mom cooked very healthy. We didn’t grow up eating sweets; fruit was our dessert. I’ve tried to continue this healthy way of life with

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.124176
Retrieved Text: A made-for-TV movie on the big screen. Made for fans of sappy, heart-warming, feel-good movies.
Rated PG For thematic material, language and a mild suggestive moment.
And when Harrison Ford actually accepted the role, they were forced to put it on the big screen. The end result is a poorly crafted movie fit only for television.
Although the film is based on a true-story – a story that is pretty incredible and powerful – the way it is told and made takes the heart and emotion right out of it.
Extraordinary Measures tells the story of a father (Fraser) willing to do whatever it takes to find a cure for a form of autism known as Pompe Disease, a disease that two of his three children have. As both sick children get closer to the age of mortality, their symptoms worsen, so their father takes a lea of faith, quits his job and searches for a miracle at the hands of a little-known doctor (Ford). The majority of the movie is spent showing you how they financially put his untested theoretical research into practice to the point where they could start a clinical trial.
Just like most feel-good movies, after only seeing a few minutes of the movie, you know exactly where Extraordinary Measures is going to end. The typical clichés in character and plot are all there, making it a gruelingly long and painful experience. Instead of unraveling in a heart-felt manner, from the movie’s opening sequence, it’s overly manipulative.
If you are in the mood for a sad-yet-hopeful movie about

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.099886
Retrieved Text: The way I see it, you have two options: either use the weekend to get ahead on work, chores, and the like… or you can do what you really wanna do, which is sit on the couch and spend at least one whole day watching nothing but television. Those are your options! You gotta follow your heart, and your heart is set on being entertained! Whether you use Amazon Video, iTunes, Vudu or your cable’s on demand service, there are always a lot of new releases out there waiting for you to discover!
First, let’s talk about movies that you can rent right now for just a few bucks. Have recent headlines and yesterday’s Oscar buzz made you curious about Steven Spielberg’s Watergate drama The Post? You’re not alone, and now you can watch it at home without adding it to your forever library! Maybe you want something less realistic, more action-y, and executed in the style of Liam Neeson. If that’s what you’re into, then rent The Commuter tonight! And if you don’t feel like stepping out of the house, you can rent the tennis drama/biopic Borg vs. McEnroe and see Shia LaBeouf knock it out of the park (that’s not a tennis reference).
What else can you buy or rent this week? Find out by taking a look at the collection of YA adventures, animated tales, and terrifying horror now available for you to enjoy from the comfort of your very own home!
Okay, I admit that didn’t clarify much!
The classic books by Beatrix Potter come to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.983183
Retrieved Text: During World War II, Britain's Royal Homing Pigeon Service risked life and wing to get their messages from the resistance to Britian's command centers.
Valiant, a small pigeon with a big heart, wanted to be a part of the RHPS just like his hero, Cmdr. Gutsy (voiced by Hugh Laurie).
The war had not gone well for these brave pigeons. Squadrons A through E had been taken out. It was now time for Valiant's Squadron F to save the day. The group of pigeons used teamwork and bravery to face the dreaded Falcon Brigade headed by Cmdr. Von Talon (voiced by Tim Curry) and get their message through.
The digitally animated film was enjoyable, but not great. The editing is so bad it detracts from the film. Flipping from the falcons' headquarters, to Valiant, to pigeon boot camp, back to a captured pigeon, then the French resistance leaders, none of it flows from scene to scene. We just jump. The idea seemed good, but the story should have been more thought out.
Taking place during World War II, the film began with an exciting flying chase scene, and the individual scenes were good with the French resistance mice adding comic relief.
Kids may not know anything about World War II but can relate to being small and getting chased by bad guys.
The movie emphasized teamwork, which was also good. Parents will pick up on the World War II references and the side jokes of the period. The fact that they brought attention to the animals that helped in World War II

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.968546
Retrieved Text: A new fairy tale for a new generation of readers, The Girl in the Tower by Lisa Schroeder will charm you with its big heart, sweet story, and enchanting writing.
Ever since she can remember, ten-year-old Violet and her mother have been locked away in a tower by the evil Queen Bogdana, who has the kingdom under her spell. The queen has everything she wants except for one thing — beauty. Violet possesses this beauty. She also has a secret: although she is very small, both her spirit and her heart are mighty.
When Violet is summoned by Bogdana to start training to become a real princess, it seems as if her life might be taking a turn for the better. But hope quickly fades when Violet’s mother is banished from the castle, and she and Violet are forbidden to see each other ever again. With everyone’s lives in the balance, it’s up to Violet to break the spell and reunite her family.
Fully embracing the classic ingredients of a good fairy tale, Schroeder weaves a lovely and charming story about a small girl with a big spirit, and how her kindness and courage help her to change her fate and save a kingdom.
Remember that beautiful quote from Disney’s live action Cinderella movie last year? “Have courage & be kind.” I think that’s the kind of message that Violet’s mother would pass onto her, just as Cinderella’s mother did.
Schroeder has lovingly captured the spirit and heart that makes so many classic fairy tales so beloved after all these years.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.946323
Retrieved Text: Dec 18, 2010. In this hip-hop Xmas jingle, Eazy-E celebrates Christmas in Compton. well, sort of celebrates. Like most of Eazy-E's music, you aren't really. Christmas in Compton With a first-rate cast led by Keith David and Sheryl Lee Ralph, generously funny dialogue and a supporting cast capable of crisp comic timing, writer-director David Raynr's.
BIG EARL, the owner of a Christmas tree lot in Compton, and a man with a big heart and a big vision, demands success from everyone around him. All kinds of trouble erupts the week before Christmas when his son, DERRICK, part-time music producer and part-time Christmas tree lot employee, crosses the line to prove to Big Earl that he is a success. Christmas in Compton (2012) SoundTracks on IMDb: Memorable quotes and exchanges. Courtesy of The Bird Call Productions and Song Stew Entertainment.
Big Earl, the owner of a Christmas tree lot in Compton, California runs into some trouble when his son Derrick crosses the line to prove to his father that he is a success. Server 1 Server 3 Alternate Servers Related Movies Nov 09, 2012В В· Watch videoВ В· BIG EARL, the owner of a Christmas tree lot in Compton, and a man with a big heart and a big vision, demands success from everyone around him.
All kinds of trouble erupts the week before Christmas when his son, DERRICK, part-time music producer and part-time Christmas tree lot employee, crosses the line to prove to Big Earl that he is a success. Nov 9, 2012. Christmas Day by Luke Christopher, released

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.938707
Retrieved Text: From what I’ve been told, there are two places you MUST go to in Austin to get the “night life experience”: 6th Street and Rainy Street. 6th Street is located in downtown and is a one stop areas for live music, clubs, events, dining, lodging, entertainment, art, bands and more! It’s one of the most well known party districts in the county and is a huge hotspot for University of Texas students, vacationers, and Longhorn fans from all over! Rainy Street, on the other hand is a bit more subdued, but not to be mistaken for boring! Rainy Street is SO cool because it’s basically a neighborhood with small Cape Cod homes that have been transformed into intimate bars. These bars have backyards with fireplaces, picnic tables, and small performing stages for live bands in the warmer months. I was lucky enough to get to experience both. Remember both…not so much, but experience both, yes! all the way! But, it is my understanding from my red eyes and tremendous hangover that both were a really great time!
Buffalo Billiards: Located in the heart of 6th Street, Buffalo Billiards (BB) is a one stop shop for food, beer, and games such as skee ball, pool and darts. I do believe at one point I was “playing darts” (as is evident in my picture below), however, for the safety of others that privilege was taken away. We were able to take the city bus right from Carrie & Doug’s apartment to Billiards, which is awesome, and then ended up

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.925034
Retrieved Text: Set in a small town full of quirky locals Where the Heart Is offers a simple character-driven story about the meaning of home, love and true friendship.
Natalie Portman is a great actress and here she offers a delightful performance. So if you're looking for a movie to watch over the Thanksgiving weekend try this one.
I'm really weird for a straight guy, I know, but it is true that I just love this movie. Shame on me!
This is a great heart warming movie.
I love this movie! This is one of the very few non-action/horror movies that I like. I used to watch it all the time when I was younger.
No, that's a good thing! No shame. It's a solid story.
That's good to hear. It's my favorite movie!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.892704
Retrieved Text: Aladdin is one of those movies from our childhood that will forever be a fave. And no small part of that is due to Robin Williams’ excellent Genie. The big blue dude captured the heart and minds of us 90s kids everywhere. When it was announced that Will Smith had been cast to take on the role, one thing was sure. He’s got some pretty big shoes to fill, and I’m not just talking about the “phenomenal cosmic powers”.
Well, with the live action remake of the Disney Classic set for release later this year, Disney have just released the first look at Will Smith’s Genie in his fully blue glory. We also get a few more glimpses of iconic characters like Jafar, Iago, Jasmine and the flying carpet.
The new movie is a great step forward for Hollywood studios casting Middle Easter characters with Middle Eastern actors. Aladdin will be played by Mena Massoud, Princess Jasmine by Naomi Scott, Jafar played by Marwan Kenzari, and Navid Negahban playing the Sultan.
The film is set for release in Aus on May 23rd this year. Wrap your eyes around the new trailer (and Will Smith’s blue nips) below!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.870604
Retrieved Text: Director and actress, Genevieve Nnaji has moved on to other big projects after Lionheart.
The actress is currently working in Los Angeles on set of a new movie we are guess is titled The Bail, from her social media caption.
Her directorial debut, Lion Heart saw a massive success with Netflix acquiring the movie and tons of positive reviews from viewers.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.837706
Retrieved Text: In these uncertain times, we need someone strong and sure to give us the hope and faith to guide us through our darkest moments–and if he has a super mysterious past, all the better. If we were a blind pianist who bears a striking resemblance to Woody Harrelson, he'd creepily stalk us, yes, but then help us see. If we were a lonely woman with a heart condition, he'd be really weird and evasive, but eventually he'd romance us, emotionally mending our heart (which is still physically weak, but whatever, it's a beautiful gesture). And if we were Tom Cruise with a son who wanted a summer job, this man, this savior, would put our son in his big Christmas movie because he's Will Smith and what's a few casting decisions between friends?
So Will Smith did something mysteriously awful and now he's going to change these people's lives in order to atone? It's like Oprah's Big Give but with Will Smith instead of Oprah and also movie! Unfortunately, though, I think the change that Will Smith promises here can only come in one of three forms: 1. Money, 2. Murder, 3. His organs. Considering the way that Woody Harrelson is hobbling around in this trailer, feeling for his Oscar statuette, I think it's the last one.
So, Rosario gets Will's heart, Woody gets Will's eyes, and Conor Cruise gets Will's gallbladder (that's where he stores his generosity). That leaves four more organs for conflicted savior Will Smith to hand out in this movie. Maybe he could give

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.78638
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s a trip to the cinema or enjoying a movie at home, it can be tempting to over-indulge in sugary snacks.
The World Health Organisation recommends you should have no more than 10-14 teaspoons of sugar a day.
Make your own popcorn, you can control what you add. Keep it plain for the healthiest option.
Being Sugar Smart allows you to make better choices for your overall health. Understanding food labels is the ultimate tool to help you recognise how much free sugar you and your family are consuming. Download our Understanding Food Labels Guide now. Other useful resources include our Supermarket Shopping Guide and ourhealthy eating recipes section. Check out these resources and start to make the small simple steps to becoming Sugar Smart today.
Small changes matter – making a few changes to the way you eat and drink can make a big difference to your health over time.
If you would like to join our mailing list and receive ‘Sugar Smart’ updates click here.
Remember, high intakes of free sugars are associated with type 2 diabetes, dental decay, obesity and increase the risk of Coronary Heart Disease (CHD) and cancers.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.742489
Retrieved Text: The movie Elliot the Littlest Reindeer: trailer, clips, photos, soundtrack, news and much more!
“Elliot, a small but determined horse, travels to the North Pole to compete for a spot alongside the famous reindeer that pull Santa’s sleigh. Against all odds, Elliot and his friend Hazel the goat set out to prove that no dream is too big.
When one of Santa’s reindeer suddenly announces his retirement, he needs to find a replacement and fast! Against all odds, Elliot and his best friend Hazel set out to prove that he is the horse for the job. As Elliot and Hazel take on the North Pole reindeer try-outs, Hazel learns that Christmas as we know it may be headed for disaster.
If you follow your heart you can do anything!
The release date of the movie Elliot The Littlest Reindeer is set to November 30, 2018.
Elliot the Littlest Reindeer – Where is your human?
Elliot the Littlest Reindeer – Are you going to sign us in?
Christmas is over hyped, just go save your friends!
The voice cast includes Josh Hutcherson, Morena Baccarin, Samantha Bee, John Cleese, Martin Short, and Jeff Dunham.
Still no official release date. Stay tuned with us for more updates.
Why does that reindeer looks like a horse? Because he’s actually a mini horse, and the little goat must be his friend.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.735502
Retrieved Text: The movie centers on two foster brothers that choose separate paths. Malcolm follows his father's footsteps and begins pastoring a small church while Silk follows a path of darkness attempting redemption at his own convenience.
Free watching A Heart That Forgives 2016 and download for free A Heart That Forgives full, watch A Heart That Forgives online with English subtitle.

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.274622
Retrieved Text: You need to be a member of Alfred Hitchcock Fans to add comments!
I am a big fan of Hitchcock ever since I saw The Birds on TV in the 1970's.
yes, certainly, REBECCA is one of his great masterpieces. not the usual suspense film, but rather one of romance and deadly atmospheres, a mystery that envelopes Joan Fontaine into her husband Laurence Olivier's world.
THE UNDEAFTED MASTER OF SUSPENSE! even after many years, the legacy of Hitchcock lives on to this day, having influenced the suspense/mystery/spy thriller genres more than any other director ever has. his film formula has it all: action, suspense, romance (always!), mystery, excellent music like that of bernard Herrmann, and great production values. certainly, REAR WINDOW is one of his finest film examples, as well NORTH BY NORTHWEST, the best of the hitchcockian "man on the run" or "macguffin" stories!
I just love Rear Window!
Thanks for that, Dave, very interesting.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.136244
Retrieved Text: replacement no questions asked. In video business since 1977.
Suspicion is the title of an American television mystery drama series which aired on the NBC . In 1957 Hitchcock became involved with another television series, entitled Suspicion, as an executive producer. The series did not feature the usual Hitchcockian light-hearted introduction his fans had come to enjoy from his series Alfred Hitchcock Presents. The series was however tied thematically to his works, as it primarily dealt with suspense. The stories were meant to fascinate, mystify and confound the audience, and generally dealt with people's fears and suspicions. Top Hollywood stars appeared in these tales of suspense including Bette Davis, Dan Duryea, Agnes Moorehead, Margaret O'Brien, Edmond O'Brien, Rod Steiger, Ray Milland, Claudette Colbert and Donna Reed.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.935474
Retrieved Text: Truly elevating the pulpy source material, Petzold swirls the pot of suspense, revenge and guilt with not only a Hitchcockian but also a Fassbinderian touch. Films don’t get more psychologically complex than this, which was inexplicably rejected by both Cannes and Venice in favour of who the hell knows what. One last note: Petzold collaborated on the script with the great Harun Farocki, who passed away on July 30, and worked with Petzold on his feature scripts dating back to The State I Am In.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.822449
Retrieved Text: Howard Shore’s vulnerable opening cue for David Fincher’s The Game lays a groundwork of compassion beneath an unsympathetic protagonist.
The Game’s the apex of Fincher Phase One, which can roughly be said to deal with reactive characters forced to deal with situations instigated by others: Ripley in Alien 3, Pitt in Seven, Edward Norton in Fight Club (sort of), Jodie Foster in Panic Room. These are spiraling nightmares in which key pieces of information are withheld from viewers and protagonists as seemingly irrational events occur.
At once an elegantly constructed maze, a rambunctious Hitchcockian thriller, a multifaceted pulp fiction, and a stylish nightmare that Rube Goldberg might have invented, David Fincher’s crazy-lucid masterpiece is also a canny psychological study of an imperiled mind and a satire of contemporary capitalism that is even more timely today than when it premiered in 1997.
Even for a diehard atheist, there’s something immensely moving about the idea that you’ve misinterpreted all the hardships you’ve endured, and that the door you imagine leads to your death will open to reveal all your friends and family decked out in party hats. It’s the ultimate wish-fulfillment fantasy, craftily disguised as a bizarre form of shock therapy.
Memorable early effort from Fincher, who can do no wrong, in my opinion. People knock the ending, but it's one of the more optimistic and tender moments in a career of witty cynicism and jocular misanthropy -- which "The Game" has plenty of, don't doubt it. But, Douglas' subtle work ensures this pacey, gorgeous thriller's story of redemption is affecting and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.03478
Retrieved Text: Tense, complex, and drenched in atmosphere, Phoenix is a well-acted, smartly crafted war drama that finds writer-director Christian Petzold working at peak power.
Both a powerful allegory for post-war regeneration and a rich Hitchcockian tale of mistaken identity.
Life is a bombed-out, soulless cabaret in Christian Petzold's Phoenix, a haunting portrait of identity, loss and the search for answers in post-WWII Berlin.
Everything in Phoenix is designed to prepare us for the knockout ending, which couldn't be simpler in itself, but has the force of a long-delayed emotional release.
Sometimes implausible and always engrossing, "Phoenix" takes us to postwar Berlin, a shell of a city where concentration camp survivor Nelly is a shell of herself.
You may not buy all the story twists, but perhaps the script is not meant to be taken literally.
There is intrigue. There is suspense. Guilt -- a man's guilt, a nation's -- hangs heavy in the air.
While Phoenix's Vertigo-meets the-Holocaust plot line leads to a final scene that will be on many critics' year-end highlights reel, that scene features one good dramatic revelation in a film that doesn't quite sustain its drama.
Petzold establishes a strong sense of time and place, from the seedy, dimly lit confines of the Phoenix cabaret to the ticking of the clock in Lene's bedroom. He brings postwar Berlin to vivid life without calling attention to period trappings.
Truly elevating the pulpy source material, Petzold swirls the pot of suspense, revenge and guilt with not only a Hitchcockian but also a Fassbinderian touch. Films don't get more psychologically complex than this.
"Phoenix," Christian Petzold's

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.024029
Retrieved Text: Within both The Lodger and Blackmail, the motif of staircases is prominently used. Though the integration of staircases in these films can be interpreted into several different ways, it is evident that they share the same effect of invoking suspense among the audience. Looking at an early scene in The Lodger, Hitchcock uses a montage sequence, cutting back and forth between the Lodger descending down the stairs and to Mrs. Bunting’s reaction. With the audience watching the specific scene (shown below), through a bird’s eye view, they can clearly see his smooth and slow movement down the spiraling staircase. The only part of the Lodger’s body that is revealed is his hand, which gradually and ambiguously slides down the staircase railing. The stairs deliberately slows time and in combination with the editing, effectively creates the uncomfortable feeling of intensifying suspense.
Similarly, Blackmail has a prominent scene involving the motif but with the protagonist and antagonist going up a spiraling staircase together. This time, the perspective is shown through a profile continuous shot, appearing as if the audience was seeing through the wall. Consequently, it creates the same affect with their ascension being an unusually long scene. It builds up the tension and a sense of uneasiness among the audience. Especially in this film, both the ascending and descending of the staircases implicate or foreshadow a pivotal event.
It is clear that these early works act as a model for Hitchcock as the staircase will be seen and used as a motif for many of his later films. This

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.266493
Retrieved Text: I wonder what the people in the theater who hadn't already read Gone Girl thought of the movie.
I loved the book as an enjoyable page-turner, and I enjoyed the movie as well. But it followed the book almost exactly, so all the Hitchcockian suspense was a little ruined by my prior knowledge of what was coming next.
Leaving that behind, Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike turn in really good performances as a fairly unlikeable man and his disappeared wife. Especially Pike, whose deep-throated blonde-bombshell performance clearly echoes and pays homage to the great Alfred Hitchcock leading ladies Grace Kelly, Kim Novak, Eva Marie Saint, Janet Leigh, and Tippi Hedren.
David Fincher certainly doesn't hurt his already impressive resume of film direction, which includes Seven, Fight Club, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Social Network, and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
That said, Gone Girl was such a great book that it was a bit of a softball of an easy home run to turn into a movie.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.140417
Retrieved Text: Instant #1 New York Times Bestseller!
For readers of Gillian Flynn and Tana French comes one of the decade’s most anticipated debuts, to be published in thirty-six languages around the world and already in development as a major film from Fox: a twisty, powerful Hitchcockian thriller about an agoraphobic woman who believes she witnessed a crime in a neighboring house.
Then the Russells move into the house across the way: a father, mother, their teenaged son. The perfect family. But when Anna, gazing out her window one night, sees something she shouldn’t, her world begins to crumble?and its shocking secrets are laid bare.
Twisty and powerful, ingenious and moving, The Woman in the Window is a smart, sophisticated novel of psychological suspense that recalls the best of Hitchcock.
BONUS: Includes an interview with author A.J. Finn.
A. J. Finn has written for numerous publications, including the Los Angeles Times, the Washington Post, and the Times Literary Supplement (UK). A native of New York, Finn lived in England for ten years before returning to New York City.
Any questions, comments, or concerns? Contact us at books@chapter1bookstore.com. Thanks!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.697557
Retrieved Text: If we had to pick a single film from Alfred Hitchcock’s individually unique and brilliant filmography to stand as his cinematic signature, it would undoubtedly be Rear Window. It is the most literal expression of his fondness for our ‘peeping tom’ nature and a great example of his expert coalescence of suspense and humor. Disguising what is primarily a love story, the murder mystery in Rear Window is a classic Hitchcockian tale seen completely from the point of view of the protagonist.
Audiences seem to have forgotten how for almost half-a-century, Doris Day dominated not only the movies but radio, the big-band circuit, stage and television. She WAS America in the way John Wayne WAS America. Her freckle-faced goodness and virgin-all-the-way persona mirrored American values and mores and was thus much-loved for decades. By the 1960s and ’70s, her star began to fade, a victim of the sexual revolution and the unlikely stardom of less conventionally attractive actresses like Barbra Streisand and Liza Minnelli. Today, in her eighties, she lives a reclusive life in Carmel, California, answers only to the name, ‘Clara’ and very seldom engages in conversation about her Hollywood glory days.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.659369
Retrieved Text: Here’s a gripping, finely acted adaptation of Emile Zola’s classic tale of adultery and murder. Keira Knightley acquits herself well in her Broadway debut, perhaps occasionally falling a tad short in terms of vocal projection, but otherwise, conveying expertly her character’s transformation from obedient passivity to sexual release to tortured angst.
Therese, the orphaned niece of Madame Raquin, has been raised by her aunt to marry the latter’s sickly and self-absorbed son Camille. Therese obediently goes through the paces of the wedding and the routine of early married life, but as soon as she meets Camille’s old friend Laurent, her true passion ignites. When it becomes obvious that Camille is their only obstacle to happiness, Laurent suggests murder, but the ensuing deed – which put some in mind of the Montgomery Clift and Shelley Winters rowboat scene in “A Place in the Sun” -- brings nothing but guilt and misery.
Gabriel Ebert as the ineffectual Camille, Matt Ryan as the hunky Laurent, and Judith Light as Camille’s loving but domineering mother are all terrific. I must single out the chameleon-like Light for yet another of her indelible performances, one quite different from anything she’s done before.
The smaller parts are just as well cast – David Patrick Kelley as Michaud, Mary Wiseman as his lovelorn niece Suzanne, Jeff Still as Grivet as the Raquins’ weekly domino-playing guests – and form a perfectly judged ensemble.
Hats off to director Evan Cabnet for mounting such a superbly compelling production. This is one period piece that seems convincingly authentic to the era.
Beowulf Boritt’s

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.218758
Retrieved Text: If Claude Chabrol is casually regarded as the Gaellic Hitchcock, the too easily accepted comparison betrays a basic misunderstanding of not only the French filmmaker but of the Master of Suspense (Chabrol’s own public adoration of Hitchcock tends to blur critical viewpoints, more so than in Hitchcockian comparisons with the far lesser-case De Palma) While both Chabrol and Hitchcock spend an inordinate amount of attention on the shadier localities of Man’s better nature, the results are far from psychologically (and certainly not aesthetically) complimentary.
One fundamental difference between the two filmmakers is in directorial temperament- the truth of the matter is that Hitchcock’s films have a greater interest in the mechanics of plotting than character, whereas Chabrol’s are immersed in the minutiae of the psychological. In comparison to those of his French counterpart, the Hitchcockian character is a relative cipher, often made charming by the extraneous means of witty banter or fortuitous casting choices. However, in ascribing psychological depth to Hitchcock’s characters, one, more often than not, encounters shallow mining, as their personalities are generally defined by reflex reactions to the elaborate mousetraps set in motion by the director; since the majority of his plots are orchestrated to manipulate the players (and by de facto, the audience) as pawns incapable of movement or action independent of the needs of the intricate interlocking set pieces which at the heart of the grand designs of his cinematic puzzles.
This entry was posted in Alfred Hitchcock, art house cinema, Claude Chabrol, crime, erotica, Film, Film Reviews, French movies, movie reviews, Movies,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.833454
Retrieved Text: “But how does a man turn into a cow?” asks the student.
The story of Emad and Rana, a literature teacher and his wife, opens with scenes from an amateur theater production of Miller’s Death of a Salesman, in which the couple are starring. Immediately after, however, the foundation of their relationship experiences its first cracks—literally. The building in which they live is compromised by construction next door and the walls start cracking, gas pipes breaking. It has to be evacuated.
When they move into a new place, thanks to the help of another thespian, the property of the previous tenant, an ostensibly promiscuous woman, remains frustratingly in the way. But they jumble their lives in with her stuff and move forward to make the most of it.
However, when Rana is left home alone expecting her husband’s arrival and she mistakenly buzzes in a stranger before hopping into a shower, the real catastrophe happens. Rana is mysteriously assaulted and her assailant manages to make off without being identified. He does, however, leave behind a few clues. A set of car keys to a truck left outside. A cell phone, now dead. A wad of cash.
While this sets up a classic suspense-thriller in most Hollywood terms, The Salesman doesn’t take the most straightforward approaches to suspense. If suspense is the realization that something is not right with the world around you, and the chase to make it right, The Salesman dramatizes a much more internal shift. After the assault, Emad goes through the motions of a suspense film, putting

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.721275
Retrieved Text: Danielle Breton (Margot Kidder) goes home with a fellow game show contestant named Philip Woode (Lisle Wilson) and Philip spends the night. Philip learns it is Danielle and her twin Dominique’s birthday, but Philip is violently murdered by Dominique when he returns. The murder is witnessed by Danielle’s neighbor Grace Collier (Jennifer Salt) who reports for a local paper. When police refuse to believe Grace’s story, Grace sets out to prove the murder occurred and that Danielle is hiding something.
Directed by Brian De Palma, Sisters is one of Brian DePalma’s early films. It was an independent release and relatively well received. The movie has also been released by Criterion (#89) and was remade in 2006 with Chloe Sevigny, Lou Doillon, and Stephen Rea.
Reporting a murder and cleaning up the mess…at the same time!
Sisters is a nice blend of horror and Hitchcockian suspense. The story is kind of obvious with the whole twin thing, but what is interesting is the introduction of Salt’s character after the murder. Salt becomes the Vera Miles character from Psycho or Grace Kelly from Rear Window. It becomes almost a case of cat-and-mouse as Salt tries to uncover the truth and Kidder and her allies try to cover it. Kidder seems nice and fragile before the murder so you don’t entirely want her to be sick.
De Palma does a great job with the film. The split screen scenes where Salt is waiting for the police while Kidder and her doctor (Bill Finlay) try to cover up the murder is great. It builds

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.566952
Retrieved Text: The Batman director Matt Reeves wants to bring a Hitchcockian sense of perspective to his much-discussed Caped Crusader movie. As the man tasked with making the next solo Batman movie, Reeves has a lot on his shoulders. Not only does he have the tough task of creating a Batman movie in an era of hyper-scrutiny and in the wake of the somewhat less-than-beloved Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice, he also has the pressure of living up to the well-regarded Batman films created by Christopher Nolan.
Thankfully, it sounds like Reeves already has a pretty good idea of what he wants The Batman to be, and his vision of the movie sounds different in some ways than anything anyone else has attempted in the Batman realm.
"For me, point of view is really important. I want to make sure you are experiencing something from the perspective of the main character in the story. I'm a huge Hitchcock fan - I like the idea of being immersed in that perspective."
As the acknowledged all-time master of suspense, Hitchcock perfected the techniques involved in getting an audience to identify with his characters, sometimes even using these tricks to manipulate the viewer into sympathizing with the villain (most notably in Psycho where he made you feel for the crazed mother-obsessed killer Norman Bates). In movies like Rear Window, Vertigo and Psycho, Hitchcock used point-of-view to take the audience deeper into the experience of the film, making them feel like they were right there living the agonizing suspense of the moment.
Which isn't to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.540997
Retrieved Text: Let's cut to the chase, "Cinematic Impacts" is a major contender for the "All time most dramatic use of percussion" award, a cacophony of drums, ethnic instruments, bongos and cymbals looped into atmospheric and suspense-filled building blocks. Build the tension in perfect time with the action, scoring scenes from classic film genres like horror, action and gangster, or simply adding movie-theatre drama to your musical productions.
Presented as 25 blockbusting kits locked at tempos from 80 - 170bpm, with each of the 450 individual instruments split onto its own track, this hugely versatile selection will complement any project where you need to constantly add interest and surprises with layers of texture and colour. Music producers can cut and slice for dancefloor euphoria, creating breakdowns and buildups for high energy dubstep, tribal house and explosive trance tunes.
Clearly labelled and cleanly cut, you'll waste no time laying down the perfect accompaniment with these crystal clear files, preformatted for your preferred workflow. Our triple quality guarantee ensures flawless results on the latest cinema and club sound systems, and you can tell the lawyers it's all under 100% royalty free license, so there's no extra fees to pay.
Use "Cinematic Impacts" alongside other packs from our resident genius Jean Baptiste Lacaze, Ambient Funk, Planet Of The Orchestra, Orchestral Scores and you can practically order the tuxedo already. There's no easier way to ensure professional quality results with the minimum timewasting, so forget the expense and difficulty of recording a truckload of exotic instruments yourself, take the fast track for your soundtrack with

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.404222
Retrieved Text: Who are the real important people that make a film a success or a failure, is it the script writer? Perhaps the actors? Or is it the directors? Certainly, great movie directors can stamp their influence all over a film, and normally the first thing a film studio tries to put in place is their choice of a director. Many directors are known for a particular genre of film, for instance the master of surprise and suspense was Alfred Hitchcock. John Ford made the best Westerns ever, and for physiological and brooding films Martin Scorsese is hard to beat. In this blog we look at some of the best film directors and the films that they made.
John Ford was the quintessential Westerner, Monument Valley became one of the best-known landscapes in the world thanks to Ford’s epic movies. He directed the three best cavalry films ever made, starring John Wayne: Rio Grande, Fort Apache and She Wore a Yellow Ribbon. Two of his best loved Westerns were The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance and Stagecoach. Ford was a master of capturing the big American plains and bought the majesty of this wild world onto the big screen. He was awarded four Academy Awards for Best Director, which still remains a record for a single director. During his long and highly successful career, he directed nearly 150 movies and is widely regarded as one of the best directors who ever lived.
Hitchcock was an enigma that pioneered many film techniques that made his films taut with suspense and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.046507
Retrieved Text: Claude Chabrol’s films are addictive: finish watching one and you’ll want to see another, like episodes in a current-day box-set TV drama. Chabrol was the rebel of la Nouvelle Vague, unashamedly populist, often exploiting the conventions of melodrama or Hitchcockian-thriller. He delighted placing tormented, often-glamorous characters in beautiful magazine-style houses and locations, and then letting them grapple with their bourgeois malaise. But Chabrol’s magic extends beyond glossy entertainment: his films offer intelligent, nuanced observations on guilt, redemption and the aspiring classes. Juste Avant La Nuit is no exception.
Audran reigned as Chabrol’s leading actress between 1968 and 1971, and this is the last film of the ‘Hélène cycle’ (she starred in all but one of the cycle, playing characters called Hélène in La Femme Infidèle and the hugely popular Le Boucher). It is difficult to resist pointing out her appealing trademark-pearlescent green and blue eye-shadow: here, in Juste Avant La Nuit, it crowns her cool ‘regard’ as she battles emotion during her husband’s confessions. Audran plays Hélène with a heart that is as loving as it is cold, and with a humour as dry as a Martini next to potted-plant. Whether irritated whilst baking a cake that’s going wrong, self-consciously playing a game with her children or fighting her despair, Audran registers a fine Seventies heroine. She’s glacial, shining and pragmatic, the last of which leads to the film’s shocking conclusion.
This entry was posted in French Cinema, French Film Reviews, French Movie Reviews and tagged Auteur, Claude Chabrol, Just Before Nightfall, Juste Avant La Nuit, Michel Bouquet,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.983162
Retrieved Text: Bessatsu Shonen Magazine's hugely popular story of survival and suspense moves to Weekly Shonen Magazine as a completely brand-new series! With the appearance of a strange daruma doll, ordinary life crumbles away in an instant. Even so, live on. Survive. This is the story of the "life" bestowed upon all those who have wished to die. Are you beef or chicken? Live, that's the only rule.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.861826
Retrieved Text: Click below for reviews & press of 2010 & 2013 productions.
To read CAKE OR DEATH contact the authors for web access.
"a roller-coaster of a ride..."
" Even the dapper, sophisticated Sir Noel could probably groove with it ..."
" a family friendly, comedy, murder mystery ..."
" Just in time for all things that go bump in the night..."
"Cake or Death is as much about the passing of the 20th Century and who we were as it is about the truth behind these unsolved murders ... there's no place like home; just be careful who you let in the door!
"Cake or Death takes you to a whole new level of murder mystery ... as phantoms from the next world pave the path to truth with their witty banter."
"Blithe Spirit meets Three’s Company in this delightful collection of zany characters who prove that the force of girl bonding knows no limitations of time, personal style, the minor detail of gender, or even the larger detail of death. From the opening scene we fall in love instantly with the premise, the setting, and the well-drawn personalities, and even a conclusion that comes as a surprise feels absolutely right. A feel-good theatre evening with lots of laughs."
"I love this play! It is quirky, intelligent, hysterically funny, and full of twists and surprises. It deserves to be performed over and over! It's hard to believe that it is the first script from these witty and articulate playwrights; I can't wait to see what they come up with next!"
" ... a witty, rollicking, Hitchcockian,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.596107
Retrieved Text: This paper examines the elements gothic suspense Alfred Hitchcock’s first American film Rebecca. Transcribed to the silver screen from Daphne du Maurier’s gothic novel, Rebecca is a truly Hitchcockian thriller with an expert combination of size, scale, nature, and architecture. The macabre natural sets and ornate Victorian architecture both establish the film as a gothic suspense. More than that, these elements also run through the subtext of the film, acting as potent symbols and manifestations of the late Rebecca. True to his reputation, Hitchcock’s first American production is filled with the brilliant stylistic choice of manipulating scale and space to evoke not only suspense (while it is the primary function of these scenes), but also love. The mansion of Manderley takes the stage in this film, and the remarkably versatile Hitchcock speaks through it—with the foggy, wooded grounds, the soaring gothic peaks, sweeping shots of the oppressively large manor, and claustrophobic confrontations between the unnamed protagonist, “I,” and the cold housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers. While the authentic acting and compelling writing certainly contribute to the film’s success, it is Hitchcock’s dark brush that masterfully colors Rebecca with drama and suspense.
This entry was posted in Student Projects on May 4, 2014 by Megan.
The photographer Cindy Bernard explored how memory and cinema interact. By taking photos of modern locations where famous Hitchcock scenes were filmed, Bernard (especially in her Ask the Dust series) taps into the collective consciousness of her audience. To those who have seen these movies (North by Northwest and Vertigo in particular), the parts of the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.525856
Retrieved Text: Mention “Dial M for Murder” and most moviegoers will conjure Alfred Hitchcock's 1954 suspense-laden drama in which Grace Kelly turns the tables on her would-be killer.
But the story first saw the light of day two years earlier as a London stage production.
Playwright Frederick Knott's intriguing drama is getting a rare local theatrical treatment at the Westminster Community Playhouse, where two exceptional performances spur this all-too-familiar tale into a true compelling drama.
Director Bob May is well aware of the play's cinematic pedigree and even adds a Hitchcockian touch of his own as the lights fade on this chatty-yet-engrossing exercise. May has updated the 1952 story by 13 years, possibly so he could use a plethora of Brit hits from the ‘60s as preshow and intermission music.
“Dial M” focuses on an amoral English tennis player who has, as Cole Porter might say, wived it weathily, and now plans a lethal separation for the same motive. Also, he's aware of his wife's past dalliance with an American TV writer who pops into the picture as well.
In an electrically conniving performance matching evil with charm, Jesse Seann Atkinson enacts the scheming husband who first lures an old classmate into a servile position and then plots a seemingly perfect murder. Atkinson's silky smooth demeanor enriches his unappealing character.
As his duplicitous-yet-sympathetic wife, Justine DeAngelo skillfully projects the anguish of a woman thrown into an untenable situation. She is particularly adept in the murder scene, which is delivered with stark realism.
Eduardo Mora, as the Yank video scripter and DeAngelo's strident defender, comes off

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.354969
Retrieved Text: The Vision Chronicle 8-book series is a slice-of-life, paranormal thriller series. Mikes sees visions o f the future and someone is after him. They want to study his mystical ability. For Mike, losing his freedom is the worst fate imaginable. First eBook is FREE.
Categories: Fiction, Mystery & Thrillers. Tags: Chariss K Walker, metaphysical thriller, paranormal thriller, psychic, Suspense, visions.
Mike Lewis boldly narrates his fantastical story and confesses his secret: His psychic ability is to see horrifying visions of disturbing future events through a kaleidoscope each time he closes his eyes. He’d like to live a normal life, but an elusive threat prohibits him from doing that.Someone wants to study his mystical ability and they’ll do whatever it takes to further their strange, covert agenda.
The Vision Chronicles eight-book thriller series is a slice-of-life metaphysical/visionary story that details Mike’s changing ability as he protects himself, his family, and his friends from those who doggedly pursue him. If you love mind-boggling suspense with a dash of paranormal and a touch of romance, this is the series for you!
Chariss K. Walker, M.Msc., an award winning author, writes fiction and nonfiction books with a metaphysical/visionary message. All of her books are sold worldwide in eBook, paperback, and many are in large print. Chariss currently lives in Amarillo, Texas where she continues to write each day.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.35403
Retrieved Text: A life of crime, even in the past, can get you into trouble. A former swindler winds up in custody for a crime he did not commit. He tries to walk on the straight and the narrow once he is free by working in an athletic club. But a club member takes a dislike to him and frames him for stealing a purse. Finally driven over the edge, he is prepared to risk prison again to avenge himself.
My favorite all time episode. Well written. Straight out of the '40s radio era style. Sharp.
This episode is also one of my favorites. Nice getcha twist.
This is a good story. Interesting character development. Interesting plot line. Satisfying ending.
This is a great episode!!
‘Revenge is Sweet’ is a fantastic episode. Writer G. Lewis takes deliberate time to develop Guy de Maupassant’s short story ‘A Piece of String’ superbly through tight dialogue and a cleverly designed flashback. In the tale – set in modern day America – perennial Mystery Theatre great Mandel Kramer plays Peter, a middle-aged ex-con trying to play it straight, taking menial jobs like sweeping floors at the local men’s health club owned by the compassionate Leo Mantel. Beaten down by life, Peter can’t seem to catch a break, especially when confronted by people like antagonistic club member Mr. Claiborne who seems to catch all the breaks in life despite his immorality and vengeful meanness. G. Lewis builds great suspense through unexpected turns and plot twists. In Hitchcockian fashion the listener finds himself rooting for Peter even when the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.085978
Retrieved Text: A British war-time thriller with a difference, Eye of the Needle is played out as far removed from those war-torn battlefields as you could get. Instead, director Richard Marquand opts largely for more intimate surrounding and manages to squeeze out some memorable moments of Hitchcockian suspense and tension.
On the strength of his self-assured work here, Marquand subsequently landed the directing gig on a little-seen feature called Return of the Jedi. Donald Sutherland is Faber, a meek and affable British railway employee who is actually harbouring a dark secret. In reality, he is a German Nazi spy known as ‘The Needle’. Sending covert messages back to the home county, he chances upon sensitive information regarding the Allied invasion of Normandy.
Having dispatched of his nosy landlady, he’s then pursued by British intelligence and forced to seek refuge on a remote Scotland island while he awaits his rendezvous with a German sub. On the island lives Lucy (Kate Nelligan), her paraplegic husband David (Christopher Cazenove), and their young son. Lucy is stuck in a loveless marriage with the embittered ex-army officer David, and she soon strikes up a physical relationship with Faber, completely unaware of the danger she is opening herself up to.
Sutherland is on fine form here as the monstrous spy – a sociopathic, cold-eyed murderer who is still capable of melting the heart of the repressed Lucy. His efficient means of offing his victim by discreetly bludgeoning them with a concealed dagger – a chilling modus operandi from which his spy moniker has been derived – even

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.042423
Retrieved Text: The plot of Douglas Post's "Murder in Green Meadows," originally written for TV, is an intriguing, puzzle-like whodunnit--or whodidn't--much in the film noir style of James M. Cain. In its unfolding, a multitude of deceptions arise.
Some of the story's thrills shine through the adapted script at this Costa Mesa Civic Playhouse production. Some don't.
Carolyn and Jeffrey Symon (Nancy Zelonka, Randy Jones) have just moved into Green Meadows, a classy housing development designed by Thomas Devereaux (Giles Hunt). Devereaux and his wife, Joan (Anita Burgoyne), just happen to live in the original model across the street from the Symons. The Symons don't know what they're in for.
It seems Joan Devereaux can't keep out of bed with other men. Early on, Thomas describes to her how he murdered a teen-ager who was her lover in the last development he designed. Of course she hasn't told him she is lusting after their new neighbor at that very moment. Thomas does find out, and the crimes, real and false, begin to multiply, until Post's Hitchcockian final scene. No shocks will be spoiled here.
The TV script, which was nominated for a local Emmy in Chicago, has been expanded for the stage by the author. He hasn't quite turned it into a play, though.
The added dialogue is easy to pick out (idle chatter that has nothing to do with anything), and he has retained those short, filmic scenes that separate the video boys from playwrights. The resulting very long blackouts between scenes destroy any building of suspense, and the dialogue hardly gives

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.774664
Retrieved Text: Penn State police responded to the bomb threat on campus and Patton Township police responded to the bomb threat at Walmart. The FBI bomb squad determined neither object was an explosive device, the judge wrote.
Buckley later went into the credit union, gave the teller a bag and note and placed what appeared to be a bomb on the counter, Brann wrote.
“If a dye pack goes off, the bomb will. If anyone walks out behind, then I will detonate the bomb,” Buckley is reported to have said.
The teller put nearly $7,180 in the bag, and Buckley left the credit union, located on Science Park Road. A robot was used to pick apart the fake explosive device he left on the counter, Brann wrote.
Council and Buckley reunited in Altoona, where Buckley gave Council about 50% of the stolen money, according to authorities. Council was charged July 5 with armed bank robbery and pleaded guilty the same day, Brann wrote.
Council and Buckley met each other while incarcerated at a federal prison facility in Florida, where they “concocted (the) elaborate scheme,” Brann wrote.
Council graduated from Louisville with a communication degree in December 2016 before he relocated to Pennsylvania. He was accepted at the Pennsylvania College of Technology and was scheduled to begin studies in fall 2018, Russo wrote in a memo to Brann.
Council also worked full-time at the Hyatt Place in State College and applied for — but did not get — a graduate coaching position at Lock Haven University, Russo wrote.
Brann disagreed, saying Council’s actions endangered the public, law

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.54007
Retrieved Text: A blind pianist named Sofia (Game of Thrones’ Natalie Dormer) is the only witness to the brutal murder of her upstairs neighbor Veronique (Emily Ratajkowski). And the killer (Ed Skrein), who thinks he was spotted but doesn’t realize Sofia is blind, comes back to tie up loose ends.
That’s a dynamite setup for a B-movie thriller in the vein of Wait Until Dark, and during a tight first act that’s where In Darkness (not to be confused with Agnieszka Holland’s Oscar-nominated 2011 drama) seems to be headed. Director Anthony Byrne takes his cues from Hitchcock and De Palma, and delivers some visual flourishes along the way.
In the film’s bravura opening sequence, a woman is violently strangled to death before In Darkness literally rewinds the footage and pulls back the camera to reveal a film being played on a screen. A long tracking shot moves over the orchestra scoring the scene before landing on Dormer’s pianist.
Later on, Byrne displays a touch of Hitchcockian suspense during one of the most intense scenes in the film. As Sofia shares a glass of champagne with Veronique’s father, a Serbian war criminal played by Jan Bijvoet, she drops a small vial of liquid and must locate it before he finishes a conversation with his security associate Alex (Joely Richardson).
We have no idea what’s in the vial, what Sofia intends to do with it, what connection she has to the war criminal, and who Alex is, though we know she had something to do with Veronique’s murder. But despite his audience lacking almost

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.47116
Retrieved Text: [An] engrossing novel... The action builds to a shattering conclusion.
With characters who are sympathetic and believable, Macmillan’s latest will keep readers in suspense to the very end. Highly recommended.
…[a] gripping look at grief, friendship, and class divides. Macmillan excels at getting into the minds of terrified, brokenhearted parents… this mix of police procedural and thriller will satisfy fans of the author’s previous work as well as those looking for something after Tana French.
A hugely satisfying and thrilling read. Highly recommended.
This is a fascinating book... Macmillan changes the course of direction of the story several times, which makes for interesting reading. The characterizations are vivid and come alive on the page.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.465607
Retrieved Text: A young teen's life is about to turn to a nightmare when he buys a new laptop and doesn't know that the previous owner puts hack files in it. He isn't only watching him, but he will also put him in a dangerous way in the dark web, he and his friends.
Comes out on DVD, Netflix on Oct 16th, sure when we will see it on here though. I hope it is sooner than that.
Wen is it coming ouuttt!!!!
Wen is it coming ouuttt!!!
Actors of "Unfriended: Dark Web"
Characters of "Unfriended: Dark Web"
Critic Reviews of "Unfriended: Dark Web"
It adds up to little, despite a fine Hitchcockian twist of a single transgression leading inevitably to doom.
Dark Web skates by on saturated nastiness, one terrific kill, and the audience's engagement in seeing if the filmmakers can pull off the stunt. Barely, but it's fun to watch them try.
No fun because it's just too real... a clever concept of cinematic design and storytelling, it proves to only be a deeply chilling cautionary tale.
Susco understands that the purpose of any horror film is to deliver shocks and suspense and he succeeds in that regard.
Nasty in its narrative and nifty in its aesthetic, Stephen Susco's new film is a solid argument against doing anything remotely illicit online.
Susco makes even the dulcet tones of a Skype alert sound menacing. Beyond that, it has no message to offer other than don't mess with the dark web.
We're now two-for-two on films in this series that really feel like they ought to be doing more than just

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.34401
Retrieved Text: Download Insignificant Other (Full Length Movie, English Film, Drama, HD, Entire Movie) Watch Free in MP3 music or 3GP MP4 video, this video has duration 1:31:16 and uploaded by the user Moviedome - Full Movies For Free on Feb 13, 2019.
Insignificant Other - Full Length Drama, English, HD, Entire Feature Film, Free Movie, Classic Cult Flick.
'Insignificant Other', a Hitchcockian version of S*x and the City, follows the intersecting lives of two couples having extramarital affairs, who live lives of paranoia, wondering if their significant other has found out. It is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and s*x. Sarah, an unfulfilled, calculating wife, takes pleasure in having her voyeuristic lover watch her on video cameras that she has hidden inside the vents of her house. Her lover, a psychiatrist twice her age, becomes twisted in Sarah's sordid plot to kill her husband for his large inheritance. The plan slowly unravels when Sarah and her lover suspect that her husband has found out.
There are many directions an independent film may take in it's life. I found out this film was produced on a shoestring budget and the best thing you can say, if you're lucky enough to view it, is "you'd never know". The story may seem familiar, but a few twists and turns gives the spectator a nice little ride through deception. There are many reasons to give this film a look from the fine performances by some rising stars to the photographic angles which

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: the formula is familiar but enjoyable . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.195778
Retrieved Text: Our story, like all good stories, has a hero and a villain. Whilst you are probably familiar with the villain – dandruff – it’s time to meet our story’s hero.
From our original cream formula to the world’s number one anti-dandruff shampoo.
We turn our formula into a shampoo.
fight dandruff, it smells good too!
In 1949, John Parran Jr, a chemical engineer and bacteriologist from the University of Tennessee, joined Procter & Gamble. His task was simple – free the world from dandruff.
Back then the solutions to remove dandruff, like coal-tar and egg-oil, were unpleasant and even if they worked, they would damage your hair.
Dr Parran wanted to create an effective solution to the problem of dandruff that didn’t harm your hair and was a lot more pleasant to use.
In 1961, after ten years of clinical trials, Dr Parran and his team of scientists singled out a potent compound that proved successful in removing dandruff.
Their product, codenamed Head & Shoulders, was finally ready to test in the market. It proved so successful that it was launched across America the following year.
When the product came out, it was a cream formula – but we knew we could make it even easier and more pleasant to use. So we went back to the lab and spent years reformulating the product.
By 1975, we had crafted a shampoo clinically-proven to remove dandruff with a pleasant fragrance. In fact, it was so effective and enjoyable to use that it soon became the world’s number one shampoo – and it still is today.
Scientific research has

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.826828
Retrieved Text: Grudge Match – 3/5 – Movies based on boxing are ones that have a very specific feeling to them. In a boxing film, they are usually very formulaic; stay along a linear course that leads to the main character ‘succeeding’ for a specific reason in the film. Every now and then, there will be a boxing film that will add enough fun elements that it will be enjoyable with its typical formula. Grudge Match is not a film that will amaze on a grand scale, but it will provide a very enjoyable flick on the big screen.
Premise: They fought two of the most epic fights in their prime, but a third match never happen. 30 years later, they are now aging boxers, looking to find worth in their lives again. Because of circumstance, the fight that all were clamoring for finally happen, as rivals are coaxed out of retirement to fight this one final bout. Both fighter’s go on a journey that will show that, even for their ages, they can still pack a punch.
These actors/actresses do a good job in their roles, portraying believable people that are a part of the fighter’s lives. All the acting from these four are average at best, as most of the enjoyment comes out of their dialogue more than the character themselves. You have the typical caricatures within these four, as you have the comedic fool (Kevin Hart) the voice of reason (Alan Arkin) the love interest (Kim Bassinger) and the long lost connection (Jon Bernthal). Even for these

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.08639
Retrieved Text: In a single day, a simple mistake will have life-altering consequences for everyone involved… A gripping domestic noir thriller from the author of Blame.
Imagine a particularly difficult morning where nothing is going well. The kids are their usual noisy selves; you’ve been a little late getting started due to your husband’s demands. Your husband has already left for work leaving you with getting the older two kids ready for school and kindergarten AND there is no milk left for their breakfasts. You think that they can breakfast without milk, but they know better. It takes the reader little time to connect to the main character, Malia. This is such a familiar scene to most and therein lies the appeal of this book.
Malia’s day gets worse, much worse when she finally gives in to the kids and bundles them and their five-month-old baby brother into the car to go to the local 7/11. Arriving at the 7/11, of course, the kids don’t want to stay in the car; she must disturb the baby’s sleep and take him in too. NO! The three-year-old runs out in the carpark. Must stop her. Get the kids and into the convenience store thinking I’ll just grab the milk and gather up the kids and back to the car. Into the store. Predictably, the 3-year-old creates a disturbance just at the time the mother realises that the baby is still in the car. There is a long wait to pay; you give the older child the money and tell him to pay

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.080025
Retrieved Text: Fast Walk With Hair Toss Stripping - The Winning Formula There is a formula to stripping that has withstood the test of time. Take a self confident young female, spritz her with some cheap perfume, throw a few sparkles at her face and torso and then tell her to take her clothes off for a bunch of drunks. The result is a truly enjoyable experience for the drunks. You can fill in the underlined sections above with any values and the result will still be enjoyable for the drunks.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.718292
Retrieved Text: Latest recommended vinyl records and CDs. Norman Records UK. Page 5 of 5.
New sounds from a new outfit of Laetitia Sadier, the queen of Stereolab. This debut album of the Source Ensemble features some familiar collaborators, as well as guest spots from the likes of Rob Mazurek and Alexis Taylor. The smoothly groovy flavour of all Sadier’s work is still gorgeously present here on Find Me Finding You. Released by Drag City.
Deep-rooted Scottish folksman Alasdair Roberts presents a new mixture of traditional and original songs, as nuanced as ever. Unlike his previous album, Pangs is a full-band electric affair, with trusty sidemen Alex Neilson and Stevie Jones on board (plus several other guests). Excellent folk / folk-rock from a modern master. Out on Drag City.
Increasingly responsible for the better bits on recent Guided By Voices albums, Tobin Sprout doesn't quite have the all or nothing genius/madman approach of Robert Pollard but what he does have is consistency. It's very hard to find a bad Tobin Sprout track. They are all sort of enjoyable....possibly because most of them use the same tried and tested formula of lo-fi melodic chord progressions and his reedy voice singing hummable melodies that get stuck in your craw.
Going My Way is a single taken from Paul Weller’s latest album, Saturn’s Pattern, jaunting along between tender quiet piano-led parts and bouncier bits. He even gets a small choir to join in towards the end. The B-side, ‘I Spy’, is exclusive to this release, not appearing on the album. 7” with a big star

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.20427
Retrieved Text: Dog Food Advisor › Forums › Diet and Health › Fixed formula foods?
I have my dogs on Merrick Grain-Free Chicken and Sweet Potato, and I’m working on finding a different food for one of them (40 lb lab mix) since he has had gas and diarrhea on and off for a while now. The vet said it is likely a food intolerance, that he would do best on a fixed formula food, and recommended Science Diet, which I’m not the biggest fan of. Also, putting him on Science Diet won’t necessarily tell us what food intolerances he has….
What do you mean by “fixed formula”? I’m not familiar with that term.
Fixed formula used to be what made a premium food premium. They used to guarantee that they wouldn’t change the formula without notice, which Science Diet did with the last change, so they are still considered a fixed formula food. I really don’t know who else might have the same policy. Most premium foods don’t switch around the formula with every batch. They make occasional adjustments, so they should be close enough to fixed formula for all but the most sensitive dogs. I don’t know what the issue with Merrick could be, but they shouldn’t be changing their formula that often. Changing the formula takes a lot of work and some expense. But I do wonder if they have a supplier that gets differing qualities of the same ingredient or something like that.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.195324
Retrieved Text: I never was a car fan, but Ferrari’s 70th Anniversary in the UK at the unique Ferrari Racing Days event at the world-famous Silverstone Grand Prix circuit surely got my attention.
The day was full of entertainment, from a special Ferrari Parade to the Ferrari Challenge Series and the most awaited Formula 1 show.
Ferrari displayed their latest Ferrari supercars and hundreds of Ferrari owners’ proudly showcased their horsepower under the hood.
For me the Formula 1 show was the most enjoyable moment, failing on and on taking a picture of the cars during the race. The incredible wild sound and speed was simply mind-blowing.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.147243
Retrieved Text: Dating back to the 1930s, Midget Car racing is the oldest form of oval car racing in the UK, but the formula has come a long way since those days.
Back in their formative years GP Midgets were just that â€“ little replicas of the contemporary Grand Prix cars of the day, and they often raced in speedway style team matches.
Nowadays the cars are highly specialised and powered by a variety of high-revving engines which give these little rocket ships incredible acceleration and demand plenty of skill from their drivers. Some have even claimed that these machines can out-accelerate a National Hot Rod.
The Grand Prix Midget Club designs the rules of the formula to be as cost-effective yet enjoyable as possible and organises a large variety of annual trophies. The 2015 World Championship takes place in August at Foxhall Heath Stadium, Ipswich. The formula is also a major part of the Birmingham Wheels Raceway I-Factor Fast and the Furious series of meetings.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.074827
Retrieved Text: No tears! No Knots! Paraben Free!
L’Oréal Kids is a gentle and tear-free formula. Tested under ophthalmological and dermatological control. L’Oréal Kids 2-in-1 shampoo detangles & conditions hair. No knots can resist the 2-in-1 formula of L’Oréal Kids. Its creamy formula helps condition dry hair & protect against split ends, leaving hair soft and manageable. Burst of Berries 2-in-1 shampoo smells great and makes every bath time enjoyable. Its soft bottle is easy to hold and fun to play with! Shampoo fun tips: Wet hair, squeeze a burst into your palm. Apply shampoo, lather up. Rinse clean.
The conditioning formula helps eliminate knots and leaves hair feeling soft, smooth and looking shiny.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.948782
Retrieved Text: Jaguar Land Rover is reportedly about to announced a return to motorsport and sign up for the all-electric Formula E series.
It sees the Formula E series as an opportunity to step up its efforts in hybrid and pure electric vehicle technologies, according to a Financial Times report.
As well as demonstrating its technology credentials, motorsport provides a new brand marketing platform globally, which the carmaker has not utilised since it exited Formula One in 2004 when then owner Ford sold the team to Red Bull Racing.
The FT cites people familiar with the matter as saying its team in the Formula E championship will operate under the Jaguar brand, but will work with Williams Advanced Engineering, the development arm of the Formula One business.
Williams Advanced Engineering has already worked with Jaguar on its C-X75 hybrid supercar concept which was revealed in 2010 and features in the latest James Bond film, Spectre.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.852766
Retrieved Text: When it comes to a new baby, there are so many things to figure out. If you’re a formula feeding or combination feeding family, figuring out how to find the right formula for your baby is a huge deal. We’ve got some easy things to look for that will help you find the infant formula that works best for your family!
Figure out what your baby needs.
We discovered pretty early on that our kids did better on infant formula designed for sensitive tummies. There are many options available these days, so don’t be afraid to explore what works best for your child.
Make sure you buy formula that is made for your child’s age range.
Newborn formula has different amounts of vitamins and minerals than a baby formula designed for a 6-month old or a toddler.
Ready-to-feed liquid, concentrate, or powder?
Sometimes the infant formula aisle can feel overwhelming. There are so many different types of formula and then each type seems to come in at least three different forms!
Figuring out whether you need a liquid or a powder formula has a lot to do with convenience and price. We used a mix of both over our years of formula feeding depending on what I had coupons for and what was happening in our lives.
When Carrigan had RSV, we used a lot of ready-to-feed liquid because I had a lot on my mind and convenience was the most important thing to me. But on a regular, day-to-day basis, I found that powdered infant formula worked best for us.
It’s generally the least

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.620224
Retrieved Text: Why Cat Scratch Fever is Fun?
Βαθμολόγησε αυτό το Άρθρο Although there are multitudes of great slots games available online nowadays for players to enjoy, there are a certain few that go above and beyond to provide players with an extremely immersive experience, Cat Scratch Fever being one of them.
Although there are multitudes of great slots games available online nowadays for players to enjoy, there are a certain few that go above and beyond to provide players with an extremely immersive experience, Cat Scratch Fever being one of them. In this article we’ll be discussing why this game is so much more enjoyable than most other games in its genre.
Perhaps the biggest reason why Cat Scratch Fever is so much fun is the fact that it features a very intriguing and distinct theme that we don’t usually see in this genre. The game has a very retro 70s look with the in-game characters wearing massive afros and the vibrant disco balls that light up pretty much every single nook and cranny of the game. Due to this unique theme and its solid execution, Cat Scratch Fever is naturally way more enjoyable than most run-of-the-mill slots games that use traditional casino themes.
Adding onto the aforementioned point a little bit, the distinct theme of Cat Scratch Fever gives the developers a lot of room to incorporate many exciting visuals into the game. When playing Cat Scratch Fever you’ll get to enjoy multitudes of exciting special effects, loads of flickering lights, spectacular art work and some extremely bright colors. The

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.561325
Retrieved Text: Ultra AXION Dishwashing Paste´s powerful grease-stripping formula eliminates dirt and tough grease from your plates, pots, and pans. Its formula contains a special antibacterial agent that kills 99.9% of common household surface bacteria in the sponge for up to 24 hours.
It also has a fresh Lemon scent that makes dishwashing more enjoyable.
Available in 350g and 190g tubs. Also comes in 350g refill.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.549963
Retrieved Text: In this book Professor Rees introduces and proves some of the main results of the asymptotic theory of ideals. The author's aim is to prove his Valuation Theorem, Strong Valuation Theorem, and Degree Formula, and to develop their consequences. The last part of the book is devoted to mixed multiplicities. Here the author develops his theory of general elements of ideals and gives a proof of a generalised degree formula. The reader is assumed to be familiar with basic commutative algebra, as covered in the standard texts, but the presentation is suitable for advanced graduate students. The work is an expansion of lectures given at Nagoya University.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.532883
Retrieved Text: Naturally Nourished was launched in 2013 by Jane Kennard, a Formula Botanica graduate, in Dorset, UK (just round the corner from the main Formula Botanica HQ!). Jane has always been passionate about healthy living and began her journey into making her own high quality, effective skincare range by developing her own range of luxury, guilt-free skincare that is pure and good for your skin.
Formula Botanica is so proud of Jane for launching such a lovely business. We caught up with Jane recently to ask her a few questions about Naturally Nourished and asked her to share her top tips for our students.
Hi Jane, can you tell us a bit about yourself and your background?
I am a mum of three (Alice, Evie and Max), and live in Dorset. I am nurse and midwife, currently working part time as a midwife. I am the eldest of three sisters, and we grew up in Somerset with a very practical, strong, no nonsense mum, necessary as my Dad was at sea most of the time! She grew veg, cooked and baked from scratch, made a lot of our clothes, and still does all this, except make us clothes!
A lot of this has rubbed off on me, although I do struggle with a sewing machine; I am passionate about the environment, about doing the right thing now to help the future. Our society takes so much for granted we have lost track of the process. The chain from beginning to end is so very long we only see the end product

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.312426
Retrieved Text: Download F1 2015 full version pc game setup file, direct link for windows. F1 2015 is a good racing genre from Formula One fans.
F1 2015 is a sport racing game series like a champion in Formula 1 in 2015. This game give you a brand new game engine, built from the ground up for players to real experience Formula one. The game still great and superb some crucial aspects, such as safety car and riding style. This game come with more pretty visuals and new physics that make driving more challenging and fun. The game is the future is promising for Formula One games this generation.
Formula One 2015 is one of the best racers on PC, XBOX One and PS4. Codemasters reboot his F1 franchise to take advantage of the new gen consoles’ capabilities. On the way to doing that with a lot of game modes improved the game. F1 2015 is the highlight of the Formula One series which breathes new life into what was a failing series. With new features online system, new championship season and new pro season mode.
F1 2015 is good because of it’s career mode. This is overall, solid baseline for games to come from Codemasters. This game it a more enjoyable experience compaired to the previous Formula 1 2014 and F1 2013. All in all, is a rather good game, although is now outdated.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.275959
Retrieved Text: Choice 1: Wood, fire, or water?
Choice 2: Leo, Scorpio, or Aquarius?
Choice 3: Left or Right?
The work isn't hard, but it isn't exactly enjoyable, either. In a word, it is familiar. Why bother, at this stage of life, to do anything different?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.272064
Retrieved Text: Seán Crosson zooms in on Crash and Burn, Seán Ó Cualáin’s documentary about Tommy Byrne, who, for a fleeting moment in the early ’80s, was the world’s greatest driver.
The sports documentary has become one of the most familiar and popular documentary genres in recent years. While well-established as a part of TV schedules, films such as Dogtown and Z-boys (2002), Step into Liquid (2003), Riding Giants (2004), Murderball (2005) and Senna (2010) have also had considerable success in cinemas internationally. The prominence of sport in Irish life has also been reflected in the documentary form with some of the most successful theatrically released Irish docs over the past ten years focusing on sport, including Saviours (2007) and Waveriders (2008).
Seán Ó Cualáin’s Crash and Burn, focusing on the world of motor-racing, is the latest addition to this genre. It concerns Drogheda-born Tommy Byrne who briefly drove in Formula One after a stellar career at lower levels of motor- racing. However, this is no Senna (though the Brazilian makes an appearance at several points); this is a story that challenges the familiar upward trajectory of the sports film (whether in fiction or documentary), tracing the journey of a driver who had all the talent and more of his contemporaries but lacked the background, social graces, and particularly the money required of those who control Formula One.
Nonetheless, the respect with which Byrne was held by his contemporaries is evident in the prominent interviewees featured in Crash and Burn, including former Formula One team owner Eddie Jordan (who regards Byrne

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.270634
Retrieved Text: From IGN's Pokemon Sun and Moon Review: "After 20 years of slow but steady evolution, Pokemon gets a bit of a reinvention in Sun and Moon. An engrossing and rich new region makes the Alola journey — along with all the changes Sun and Moon make to the existing formula — enjoyable throughout the main adventure, and small interface and variety of upgrades along the way make a few of the things that stayed the same feel better than before."
Your votes have been counted, and the People's Choice winner for Best 3DS Game of 2016 is Pokemon Sun and Moon. Thanks for voting!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.25627
Retrieved Text: The excellent choice of the highest quality private piano lessons/instructions. We make the learning process an interesting and enjoyable experience.
Where the learning process is always an interesting and enjoyable experience.
brilliant pianist, highly experienced and dedicated teacher.
The meaning of the numbers that are being used in the "formula"
The permanent fingers are 1st, 2nd, and 5th, therefore they are being omitted here.
The fingers that being alternated are 3rd, and 4th.
L 4th means, that right hand plays 3rd finger.
Her international experience in performance and pedagogy together with the high professionalism, passion, and dedication enables her to bring a uniquely broad viewpoint to those who she is working with.
Welcome to Baltimore Piano AcademyThe excellent choice of the highest quality private piano lessons/instructions. We make the learning process an interesting and enjoyable experience.
© 2019 Welcome to Baltimore Piano AcademyThe excellent choice of the highest quality private piano lessons/instructions. We make the learning process an interesting and enjoyable experience. . All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.201778
Retrieved Text: Meghan Markle’s maternity style formula, revealed is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at March 21, 2019 upload by Fashdea in Entertainment.
Over the course of her pregnancy, Meghan Markle‘s worn everything from sequined gowns to halter tops — but if you’ve noticed that many of her maternity looks fall into a familiar pattern, you’re not alone.
The Duchess of Sussex, 37, keeps reaching for the same style combo: a shift dress that skims her baby bump paired with a perfectly-tailored blazer or coat that shows off her shape, often finished off with classic pumps and her now-signature messy bun.
In the debut episode of Page Six Style’s new video series “Royal Roundtable,” we’ve broken down three such outfits that fit Markle’s chosen formula: the green Erdem coat and matching dress she chose for Commonwealth Day, her more budget-friendly Reiss look from International Women’s Day and the gold brocade ensemble she picked for a celebration in honor of Prince Charles.
Meghan Markle’s maternity style formula, revealed is high definition wallpaper and size this wallpaper is 1200x800. You can make Meghan Markle’s maternity style formula, revealed For your Desktop Wallpaper, Tablet, Android or iPhone and another Smartphone device for free. To download and obtain the Meghan Markle’s maternity style formula, revealed images by click the download button below to get multiple high-resversions.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.155178
Retrieved Text: When she’s remembered at all, Mae Murray is remembered for the title role of Stroheim’s The Merry Widow (1925). That’s a great film. She does a good job in it and she gets to show off her dancing, but it’s really no more representative of her career than Night of the Hunter is representative of Lillian Gish’s.
Mae established herself as a screen beauty in the late 1910s, starring in a number of melodramas of which the most familiar example today is the ridiculous potboiler A Mormon Maid (1917). At the end of the decade, she transitioned into a genre all her own, with films centered on show business, exotic costumes, tangled romance and often a dash of crime. It was a highly successful formula, particularly when the script left room for a specialty dance number or two.
But audiences began to tire of the formula by the mid-1920s. Age, scandal and a frosty relationship with studio boss Louis B. Mayer hobbled her career further, and it sputtered out shortly after the talkie revolution.
But in her heyday, she was the most glamorous star on the screen. Here’s a look back.
Detail from a lobby card for Peacock Alley (1922), with Monte Blue.
Detail from a trade magazine advertisement, 1922.
Mae vamps bullfighter Robert Frazer with her “dance of the bull” in Fascination (1922).
Detail from a poster for Broadway Rose (1922).
Detail from a lobby card for The French Doll (1923), showing the patented skyward gaze that was her most familiar expression. Hey, whatever works.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.13926
Retrieved Text: 2a(1) : recipe The product is made using a secret formula that the company refuses to reveal.
4 : a customary or set form or method allowing little room for originality All her books were written according to a familiar formula.
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'formula.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
4 : a general fact or rule expressed in symbols We learned a formula for finding the size of an angle.
5 : an expression in symbols giving the makeup of a substance The chemical formula for water is H2O.
What made you want to look up formula? Please tell us where you read or heard it (including the quote, if possible).

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.133938
Retrieved Text: i-Type Black and White film is the new generation of instant film. Optimised for the OneStep 2 and other i-Type cameras, meaning that you get the best photos possible with your Polaroid OneStep 2, as crisp, clear as a photo should be. Just because i-Type cameras have their own batteries, there is no need to put one in the film. This type of film won't work in 600 camera.
Fresh formula, familiar feel. It could look familiar to the old films, but this film is all new. Using our most advanced chemistry, it provides richer, tones, and contrasts than any Polaroid film before it.
Black & White instant film for Polaroid Originals i-Type cameras.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.095463
Retrieved Text: First Al Di Meola's new studio release in last almost four years didn't bring any surprises. He plays with his busiest during last years project New Sinfonia, just powered it with some high class guest jazz musicians.
I'm familiar with almost every Di Meola's album and saw him playing live three times during last five years (twice with New Sinfonia, and once - with RTF incarnation), so this album sounds absolutely as I expected it should sound. Lyrical and romantic world fusion with great tunes, mix of Latin ,Mediterranean ,Middle East and Eastern European elements with mid tempo relaxed jazz fusion roots. Di Meola's New Sinfonia with Latin percussion,great accordion (bandoneon) player and second guitarist is almost excellent team if you like Piazzola, Southern European relaxed breeze and very warm atmosphere, but want to avoid boring smooth jazz. The only project's problem is they found great formula and exploit it year after year without changes,so music becomes more and more predictable. This release didn't avoid same problem, but at least few additions refreshed the sound.
Main difference is many classy guests,collaborated on this recording.Weather Report drummer Peter Erskine, great bassist Charlie Haden, Havana-born pianist Gonzalo Rubalcaba between others didn't change Di Meola's musical direction, but each added plenty of small details to music,making it more sophisticated.Hungary's Sturcz String Quartet plays on some compositions, and - Al Di Meola switches to electric guitar time to time as well.
Not like music is much different from previous New Sinfonia releases, but it sounds as essential mix of all their previous experiences.Very

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.033524
Retrieved Text: Here are a few tips and suggestions to make your visit to Shanghai China and the Shanghai International Circuit a most enjoyable experience. If any other questions please send us an email to INFO@GRANDPRIXSHANGHAI.COM.
Arriving by car is another option, although by law when renting a car, non-Chinese must also hire a driver. This is no bad thing, as your driver will not only be familiar with the city, but also with its occasionally erratic driving habits!
All domestic & international flights land at Shanghai's Pudong or Hongqiao International Airports. From the terminal, you can reach the downtown core in less than 20 minutes. Shuttle buses, taxis and limousines, service all major downtown hotels from the airports. All major car rental companies have service counters in the terminal. To learn more about the Shanghai's Pudong and Hongqiao Airports, Shanghai's custom policies and access to the Downtown area from the airport, click here.
To plan your stay in Shanghai, click here.
You may have to walk up to 2 km (1.2-mile) before reaching the grandstand seats located in front of the pits. Walking shoes, sneakers or flat heels shoes are most appropriate. Please take into account the walking distance to your seat, in order to be on time for the beginning of the race sessions.
The FORMULA 1 GRAND PRIX OF SHANGHAI 2019 program will take place in APRIL. We anticipate a warm and sunny weekend, therefore please protect yourself from the summer sun with a hat, a good sunscreen lotion and sunglasses.
The organizers reserve the right to prohibit anything onto the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.994616
Retrieved Text: At a recent conference for fantasy writers, I attended a couple of panels on the subject of the quest. They reminded me that a quest is also a “hero’s journey” – a story structure used in myths and legends around the world, and explained by Joseph Campbell in his book The Hero with a Thousand Faces.
Do You Write With a Formula?
The idea of formulas in writing always makes my nose wrinkle. Because to me, formula means repetition…and repetition in writing could very well lead to boredom. Have you ever had that? Followed an author you’ve loved for years only to find that by their tenth or fifteenth book you can finish it for them, because you already know how they roll and what they’re going to do with their characters?
That always frustrates me, and as a writer I have tried my very best not to fall into this trap. That’s partly why I write in a variety of genres. I never want to be thought of as the author who regurgitates the same old stuff.
But the truth is…there are formulas in writing and whether we like that fact or not, we must accept it, because the right formula can make for a brilliant book, just like the wrong formula can make for pages of drivel.
Author Melissa PearlPosted on April 21, 2015 April 21, 2015 Categories Staff ArticlesTags character arc, character development, formula writing, story arc, three act structure15 Comments on Do You Write With a Formula?
Over Christmas, my husband and I were indulging in one of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.966688
Retrieved Text: Critics Consensus: The Hard Way's overly familiar formula is enlivened by a witty script and the excellent comedic chemistry between Michael J. Fox and James Woods.
Along with some good laughs, there's also a bit of effective tension.
An underrated buddy flick with an original twist and some outstanding stunt work.
Utterly unremarkable, but harmless and not without its charms.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.963071
Retrieved Text: Life Extension Calorie Control Weight Management Formula gives you an all natural blend of ingredients that they promise will deliver better results. When you use Life Extension Calorie Control Weight Management Formula, you get a blend of ingredients promised to control your caloric intake while simultaneously working to increase your natural metabolism.
When you use Life Extension Calorie Control Weight Management Formula, you find that you will be able to get the clinically proven ingredients and the clinically proven approaches.
It allows you to get an all natural and chemical free approach. And Life Extension Calorie Control Weight Management Formula is much more likely to simultaneously improve your health as losing weight should.
But how does Life Extension Calorie Control Weight Management Formula work?
Life Extension Calorie Control Weight Management Formula has clinically proven ingredients, which in some ways seems to be the bottom line. When you use Life Extension Calorie Control Weight Management Formula, you will find that it has ingredients that are both new and innovative and old and tested.
When you use Life Extension Calorie Control Weight Management Formula, you will find that you get one of the first products to use the innovative and substantially tested Irvingia Gabonensis.
In other words, you get the best of both sides.
This ingredient has been tested over the past 20 years. But it has only recently come to light, and it only requires 150mg to show results. Other ingredients found in Life Extension Calorie Control Weight Management Formula include green tea, glucomannan, and phase 2, all of which are considered to be

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.948339
Retrieved Text: can't find documentation on how do this. I think i have to use a formula url field but not sure what i need to add to it. Instead of just having the long url in form to click on, i would like it to be a url link that says "for further information, click here" and then the :"click here" is the link. Thank you.
Here is my hyperlink for dummies example which I use all the time.
I have had issues before with copying and pasting into formula before so maybe that is the issue.
Also, is there further information on how to create formulas through quickbase? It has been forever since i did programming. The concepts are still familiar to me, just not the commands to do the programming.
that last URL got truncated.
i got the link to show on the form but when clicking on it, the link errors out. it is includeing the <a href in the url. i will play around with it a bit to see if i can figure it out. Giving me what you did definitely helped to at least make it a link.
You can post your formula. But highlight it and then use the PRE setting on this forum to keep the href from getting garbled.

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: tells a fascinating , compelling story . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.880617
Retrieved Text: The book includes some of history?s most astounding tales of the strange and the supernatural, and tells in vivid detail the story of the events as well as the people involved, the impact of particular myths and beliefs and the latest investigations into the world?s most baffling phenomena. From Loch Ness to Big Foot, spontaneous combustion to Roswell, each entry is supported by a wealth of photographic evidence and fascinating illustrations. A compelling account of classic unexplained phenomena, 100 Strangest Mysteries is guaranteed to shock and amaze in equal measure.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.095861
Retrieved Text: These titles feature biographies of inspirational figures of today’s world and are in an easy to read format that is found in the Adult Literacy collection.
In 1974 two black Americans fought in Zaire, in Africa. One was Muhammad Ali. After the fight, he was the boxing champion of the world - again. But why did a young boy from Kentucky start to box? Why did he stop boxing? And what is he doing now?
This biography tells the fascinating and empowering story of Malala Yousafzai - a Pakistani activist for female education and the youngest-ever Nobel Prize laureate.
This biography tells the story of Mandela's journey from lawyer to ANC activist. It describes his release from prison after twenty-seven years, his fight to end apartheid and his inauguration as the first black President of South Africa.
The sportsmen and sportswomen in this book went through bad times and learned to be stronger people through sport. Because, it isn't living through good times; but living through bad times that makes you into a true hero.
Ayrton Senna is a legend in the world of Formula 1, winner of three world championships before his tragic death at the San Morino Grand Prix in 1994. This biography is about a man who lived his life for the sport that he loved.
Audrey Hepburn was a beautiful and great actress. When there were unhappy times for her, Audrey always showed a warm, friendly face to the world. The world loved her and people still love her now!
When Dian Fossey first saw a family of wild

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.90193
Retrieved Text: Marton tells this romantic and tragic story economically and imaginatively.
A fascinating historical tale is rendered with less than compelling results in this pseudo-documentary.
The director Elisabeth Márton uses a trove of letters and diaries to tell the story of Sabina Spielrein, an important figure in the earliest days of psychoanalysis.
This evocative film is a poignant testament to the twin forces of love (however blighted) and the unconscious.
Hats off to Elisabeth Marton, who has taken a bunch of dry facts and fashioned them into the gorgeous My Name Was Sabina Spielrein.
When the director sticks to the facts, with narration, letters and photos, she brings Spielrein back to her appropriate place in history, as an influential figure in her own right.
Combining dramatic re-creations with readings from long-forgotten letters and journal entries, Elisabeth Marton's enlightening depiction of the life and tragic death of Sabina Spielrein has all the markings of a historical potboiler.
There are no featured reviews for My Name Was Sabina Spielrein at this time.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.698793
Retrieved Text: The winding lakeside roads that lead from Como to Dongo are still the same today as those taken on 27th April 1945 by the German motorcade hiding Italy’s Fascist dictator, Benito Mussolini.
It was in the square dedicated today to Giulio Paracchini, a martyr of the Resistance, that Mussolini was discovered and brought to the Palazzo Manzi which now houses the new “End of WWII Museum” and where visitors can gain a fascinating insight into the last days of the war in Italy.
With its wealth of original relics, documentary evidence and witness accounts, it’s an evocative, interactive journey into one of the most controversial chapters of Italian history.
The museum also tells the story of how Mussolini and his mistress, Claretta Petacci, finally met their fate at the hands of the Partisans outside the Villa Belmonte on the Via 24 Maggio in Mezzegra. A compelling and poignant experience.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.36212
Retrieved Text: Beautifully read with little German accents for the characters but not for the narrator. This book tells the story of a girl's life beginning with the train ride to her new home with foster parents. The narrator is Death, who is a rather sympathetic fellow. It is set in a small town in Germany at the start of the Nazi reign. It was interesting hear a story of this time and place about a Christian family although a Jewish man hidden in their basement is a big part of it. The story deals with a lot of death but really about the strength and resilience found in people. The astonishing evil but also the bravery, kindness and goodness in ordinary people. The children find immense joy from tiny things. It made me cry, but overall I found it uplifting. Most of the characters are lovable and funny and their story is fascinating.
I keep listening to this book over again something always gets to me that I didn't fully get before. The image of the nameless Father being continually pared down to his essence, which is so pure, is compelling and strangely comforting. The narration is striking and quite funny in parts. Mr. Mayes has unusual voice that drew me in right away. I highly recommend this book.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.223087
Retrieved Text: Liane Moriarty’s newest book is compelling and unforgettable.
I picked up Where the Crawdads Sing because it was the September book for Reese Witherspoon’s Book Club, and y’all know I pretty much do everything Reese tells me to. It was an interesting debut novel that I can only describe as Barbara Kingsolver meets Pat Conroy.
Where the Crawdads Sing is the story of Kya Clark, a young woman who, abandoned by her family, grew up alone in the marshlands of 1950s North Carolina. Kya is deemed “marsh trash” by most denizens of the nearby town and attends only one day of school in her life. She forges a few strong friendships, develops an almost preternatural knowledge of the local flora and fauna, and learns to read (and love) with the help of a kind local boy. The story alternates between Kya’s bleak 1950s childhood and the late 1960s when, as a young adult, the “Marsh Girl” finds herself on trial for the murder of the town’s golden boy.
Where the Crawdads Sing creates a delicate and fascinating world within the North Carolina marshes. In her fiction debut, author Delia Owens, an internationally-acclaimed wildlife scientists, raises complex questions about the laws and morality of the natural world vs. those proscribed by society. This was a very good book that could have been a great book if the ending had been a little more finely tuned. I recommend to anyone who loves murder mysteries, stories of the Carolina Coast, or the works of Barbara Kingsolver.
A charming book of essays for anyone

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.09059
Retrieved Text: If it is true that every picture tells a story, then this book based on the life and times of the unique Briton, Fred Dibnah tells many a fascinating and compelling tale. With over a hundred fine photographs, Dibnah is brought back to life.
Respected photo-journalist Langston truly captures the essence of the man at every turn of the page. As a steeplejack, he is seen climbing chimneys and knocking them down; as an engineer he is presented working on his beloved traction engine or emerging from a mineshaft sunk in his own back garden; as a successful television presenter and educationalist, he is shown with his degrees and awards and as a father and friend, he is pictured with a beaming smile, sharing more intimate moments with those closest to him.
This is a good book for the aficionado, the steam enthusiast or the industrial historian and just as good for the coffee table and those with only a passing acquaintance of this eccentric one-off. Dibnah captured the heart of a nation and Langton was there to photograph some of it.
The author’s picture essay does justice to the great man, is a good read and more importantly keeps the memory of Dibnah and his legacy alive throughout its interesting and vibrant pages.
Author Keith Langston Publisher ‘Pen and Sword Books Ltd.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.948936
Retrieved Text: ESPN Films is proud to present its Emmy-nominated documentary series “30 for 30”. This is an unprecedented series featuring today’s finest storytellers from inside and outside of the sports world. What started as a celebration of ESPN’s 30th anniversary has come to life as an eclectic and fascinating collection of passionate films about sports and culture. Individually, each of the films in this series tells an intimate, compelling story that stands on its own and brings to life the filmmaker’s vision. Collectively, these creatively different films weave together a diverse tapestry of what sports has meant to culture.
The idea behind 30 for 30 was to commemorate ESPN’s 30th anniversary by producing 30 films from some of today’s finest directors. Each filmmaker brought their passion and personal point of view to each film, detailing the issues, trends, athletes, teams, rivalries, games and events that transformed the sports landscape from 1979 to 2009. From Barry Levinson & Peter Berg to Steve James, Brett Morgen and Ice Cube, each filmmaker brings his or her unique perspective to an extraordinary sports story. Multiple films have received official selections from the Sundance, Toronto, Tribeca and South by Southwest film festivals, making this collection of remarkable films a must-have for any film fan.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.799484
Retrieved Text: The fascinating untold story of how the ancients imagined robots and other forms of artificial life—and even invented real automated machines The first robot to walk the earth was a bronze giant called Talos. This wondrous machine was created not by MIT Robotics Lab, but by Hephaestus, the Greek god of invention. More than 2,500 years ago, long before medieval automata, a The fascinating untold story of how the ancients imagined robots and other forms of artificial life—and even invented real automated machines The first robot to walk the earth was a bronze giant called Talos. This wondrous machine was created not by MIT Robotics Lab, but by Hephaestus, the Greek god of invention. More than 2,500 years ago, long before medieval automata, and centuries before technology made self-moving devices possible, Greek mythology was exploring ideas about creating artificial life—and grappling with still-unresolved ethical concerns about biotechne, “life through craft.” In this compelling, richly illustrated book, Adrienne Mayor tells the fascinating story of how ancient Greek, Roman, Indian, and Chinese myths envisioned artificial life, automata, self-moving devices, and human enhancements—and how these visions relate to and reflect the ancient invention of real animated machines.As early as Homer, Greeks were imagining robotic servants, animated statues, and even ancient versions of Artificial Intelligence, while in Indian legend, Buddha’s precious relics were defended by robot warriors copied from Greco-Roman designs for real automata. Mythic automata appear in tales about Jason and the Argonauts, Medea, Daedalus, Prometheus, and Pandora, and many of these machines are described as being built with

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.550508
Retrieved Text: “Billy Gogan, American” tells the story of a 15-year-old educated Irish lad, who, in a series of sudden blows in 1844 finds his circumstances drastically reduced and his only path is to take a below-the-decks steerage passage to America, leaving just ahead of the potato famine. His adventures in the slums of the Five Points area of New York City as he works his way from sweeping horse manure off the streets into more lucrative but questionable work for the political bosses of Tammany Hall make for an absolutely compelling read. The story is framed as being one of four manuscripts written by a retired general telling his life story, with more to come. The author has his own fascinating life story, having emigrated to the US from England at the tender age of 6 ¾. He became a citizen, played rugby for 30 years, served in the US Navy where at one point he had the privilege of being the fire control officer for the U.S.S. Missouri’s 16-inch guns, and thus the only naval officer in the world (at that time) under the age of thirty proficient in the ancient―and wonderfully obsolescent―art of major caliber naval gunnery. He later became a lawyer and a partner in a firm specialiing in bankruptcy and more recently at a much smaller law firm where he writes novels to his own taste and says he is having a wonderful time doing so.
For more information, visit the author’ website HERE.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.14816
Retrieved Text: The fascinating story of the written word from how it all began to the age of the Internet.The Story of Writing is the compelling story of how writing was invented, how it developed over the centuries, how it has changed people s lives overtime and what it means to us now.The book features sections on Why people write How writing began in different parts of the worldThe fascinating story of the written word from how it all began to the age of the Internet.The Story of Writing is the compelling story of how writing was invented, how it developed over the centuries, how it has changed people s lives overtime and what it means to us now.The book features sections on Why people write How writing began in different parts of the world How climate and available materials affected the forms of writing Who wrote, and why with quotations from ancient sources The spread of literacy The invention of the printing press and its effect on communication The emergence of the Internet, e mail and text messaging Valuable sidebars Find Out More and You Are There encourage the reader to explore new topics and engage the imagination with real life descriptions of people and how they wrote.With than 100 photographs of artifacts and documents from the collection of the British Museum, The Story of Writing is a fascinating history and a remarkable reference.
Clear and informative non fiction book for older children about writing - where it came from, how it developed over time, and where it

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.013805
Retrieved Text: I know what the commentators say, and who am I to disagree? They believe this naked young man was Mark himself, too modest to mention his own name. I suppose that makes sense, but it does make you wonder why Mark put it in the account.
Of course, scholars say that Mark’s primary source (for other material, surely, but not this tidbit) was Simon Peter. Peter is mentioned more than other disciples, and there is that interesting detail about Peter’s mother-in-law. And the early church historian Eusebius writes how he was told that Mark was Peter’s “interpreter” who wrote down events accurately as Peter remembered. (You can read more about that here). In a sense, then, this is Peter’s gospel, and Mark is something of a scribe. But then there are the fascinating verses 51 and 52.
Can you imagine the conversation between the two men (perhaps after publication)?
So maybe it was sort of like the kid who sees the new sidewalk go in front of his house, and sneaks out at dark with a stick to get his initials recorded for posterity. Maybe…who knows?
Either way, it doesn’t seem to move the story along at all, and actually seems totally superfluous. And maybe that’s the beauty of it all.
After all, this is not a made up story. It is, in fact, a historical account. And scholars agree that the practice of adding additional details to make a fictional story seem real (as modern writers do today just as a matter of course) did not come about until much

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.9447
Retrieved Text: In this compelling series we tell the stories of these incredible trains… We combine expert interviews, authentic reconstruction, engineering graphics and archive, highlighting the extraordinary human stories alongside the engineering detail and military perspective. The stories are dramatic, exciting and filled with fascinating historical detail.
Each of these incredible stories are set against a backdrop of conflict and we put the events into context. In addition to the stories of the trains we learn more about the military, political and domestic battles happening at the time.
This episode tells the story of the Great Locomotive Chase - an attempt by Northern spies to steal the locomotive The General. The conflict that divided America helped its unification - the lessons learnt in the war were used to build the Transcontinental Railroad that opened four years after the fighting ceased.
Veterans and historians of the Thai-Burma railway tell the story of its construction. Shot on location, this episode describes the building of one of the harshest sections of the line - Hellfire Pass, and seeks to explain cruelty of the Japanese railway engineers.
In the Second World War, trains operating in Britain came into their own - bringing troops back home after the humiliation of Dunkirk, as well as taking hundreds of thousands of city children to safety. The programme interviews eye-witnesses to both railway adventures, and discovers the disused Tube station where the evacuations were coordinated.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.769066
Retrieved Text: Medicine tells the fascinating history of medicine through the ages to the present day. Follow the greatest stories of medicine and its breakthroughs, with incredible coverage of disease, drugs, treatment, and cures.Medicine covers the gory pitfalls and miraculous breakthroughs of medical history from trepanning, bloodletting, and body snatching to brand new developments in IVF and gene therapy with compelling stories and stunning illustrations. Clear diagrams explain major diseases such as cancer, and trace the progression of medical treatment through the centuries, from ancient healers and herbalists to scurvy and smallpox, and the World Wars to modern psychiatry. Perfect for adults and students alike, and anyone interested in the fascinating medical history of the world, Medicine is the definitive visual history of our health.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.760992
Retrieved Text: Most professionals who collect data understand that it tells a story; however, when these same professionals must use the data to tell the story to internal or external stakeholders, they often struggle, believing that the story the data tells should be obvious. If this describes your team, we can help. Our interactive, customized onsite workshop teaches your team strategies to use the data to tell compelling, engaging stories.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.729712
Retrieved Text: When it was suggested to the man who came to be known as T. Lobsang Rampa that he should write a book about his early life in Tibet he rejected the idea. He had no wish for the fame he knew it would bring, nor for the jealousy and the problems that jealousy would engender. But he needed money to do the research he had undertaken for the benefit of mankind, so eventually he agreed and wrote “The Third Eye,” a classic that brought Buddhism to the Western world and shed light in countless dark corners the world over. Now, his only close friend and confidante throughout his last quarter century on Earth has given us an inside look at the life of struggle and suffering endured by this fascinating and remarkable man in his effort to help humanity. Her own life of dedication and devotion to Lobsang Rampa is interwoven with his, and this book should be read by his followers and detractors alike, as well as by those new to metaphysics.
"Twenty Five Years with Lopsang Rampa" The story Sheelagh has told brings to life the years she spent with 'Chen', his wife and their cats. No one else could have written this compelling book. The teller of the story quietly infuses her personal radiance thus adding a dimension as a special person in his life. Their life together, travels, and the true devotion of this amazing woman, tells a story that anyone familiar with the writings of Lopsang Rampa must read. An excellent read

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.539833
Retrieved Text: On December 14, 2006 the United States Congress passed Public Law 109-395. It stated: "Dr. Borlaug has saved more lives than any other person who has ever lived ... Borlaug is deserving of America's highest civilian award: the congressional gold medal."
In 2006 the estimated lives saved by Dr. Borlaug's efforts was approaching 2 billion people.
Noel Vietmeyer's book, Borlaug, tells the story of the early life of this man who changed the world for the better. It is not only a fascinating read, but because Dr. Vietmeyer cast the story in the historical context of the times, the reader can share the lessons learned by the young Norman Borlaug during his formative years.
Over the last few years, world events have conspired to make those lessons once again germane. Dr. Vietmeyer has deftly woven into the story a historical backdrop that included events such as the influenza epidemic of 1918, the treatment of World War I veterans upon their return home, the horrendous hurricane of September 1938, the Great Depression, and the economic stimulus / public works projects of the New Deal.
In addition to being a just plain compelling read, the book begins telling the life story of one of the greatest gentlemen of the "greatest generation"...Dr. Norman Borlaug.
Norm is the most amazing person I've ever met, and I have met quite a few of the rich and powerful. He is in a class of his own. This marvelous book explains why this is so. The author so artfully intersperses stories about Norm with socioeconomic history that for

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.440441
Retrieved Text: FILMMAKER IN ATTENDANCE – A FRAGILE TRUST tells the shocking story of Jayson Blair, the most infamous serial plagiarist of our time, and how he unleashed the massive scandal that rocked The New York Times and the entire world of journalism.
In 2003 Blair was caught plagiarizing the work of other reporters and supplementing his own reporting with fabricated details in dozens of different stories published in The Times. The ensuing media frenzy left a major blemish on the history of the ‘Old Grey Lady’, which just a year earlier won a record seven Pulitzer prizes for its coverage of 9/11. It was a spectacular fall for both Blair and the paper. The ‘Blair Affair’ served up sordid details in a soap-opera style tale of deception, drug abuse, racism, mental illness, hierarchy, white guilt, and power struggles inside the hallowed halls of The New York Times.
A FRAGILE TRUST follows Blair as he slowly unravels in the face of mounting pressures and distractions. Starting with his ‘reporting’ of the plagiarized article that ultimately lead to his undoing, we trace the rise and fall of this fascinating young reporter as he clings to his career at The Times even as he is losing his mind.
A FRAGILE TRUST is at the most basic level a compelling, character-driven narrative about an important chapter in the history of journalism. It is also a complex story about power, ethics, representation, race, and accountability in the mainstream media. Featuring exclusive interviews with everyone involved, including former Executive Editor Howell Raines and Blair himself, A

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.125105
Retrieved Text: Historians call her story a work of fiction, locals give her godly status and argue about her existence - whatever the case may be- there is no denying that the tale of Padmavati- Queen of Chittor- is perhaps a fascinating tale in Indian history.
A tale of sacrifice and strength, Padmavati’s story has for years been revered for showcasing true Rajput spirit. While it remains a matter of debate on whether she actually ever existed, authors, filmmakers, and artists have over the years given the popular folklore their own interpretation.
Author Sutapa Basu’s latest book Padmavati: The Queen Tells Her Own Story, as the title suggests tries to explore the fabled story from the queen’s perspective. Basu intertwines two periods into one story and the result is an intriguing tale of love, passion, bravery, honour and ultimate sacrifice.
The story begins in present day. The author very cleverly uses the ongoing controversy around Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s film Padmaavat in her narrative and has journalist Mrinalini Rao traveling to Chittorgarh fort to explore the truth behind the fabled Padmavati amid the protest around the film. Mrinalini meets a local there, Uma, who unravels that Padmavati’s story is best narrated in Padma wali - a memoir of sorts that Queen had written and which was known only to her close associates. The story then shifts to Singhaldweep, a nearly perfect kingdom of which Padmavati is a princess.
Basu’s historical saga keeps going back and forth – keeping the readers intrigued throughout. Much like Mrinalini, the reader intently waits for the story to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.118612
Retrieved Text: “the story of the [1996 Venice opera house] fire and its aftermath is exceptionally interesting... precise, evocative and witty.”—The Washington Post. “an urbane, beautifully fashioned book.” —The New York Times.
f thE ORACLE: Ancient delphi and the Science behind Its Lost Secrets “enlightening and compelling...Drawing on everything from Plutarch to petroleum research, [Broad] ‘decrypts’ a fascinating story.”— The Dallas Morning News.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.10504
Retrieved Text: From cooking to painting, performing to parenting, the hardest thing to do is making it look easy, not sweaty.
Memoir writing is particularly fraught: it's hard enough to tell any story simply and well, much less your own. What do you discard? What do you put front and center? How do you stay humble and true while being compelling?
The answer, I think, is mad craft in quiet, quiet service to great idea. Like a brilliant actor who disappears in the role to further the story or a team that wins with its defensive game, great writing is not about the showing its skill, but submerging it. Divas and sequins are fascinating in their way, but its the power to move you or the impeccable seams that hold up over time.
Love, Loss, and What I Wore, an illustrated memoir by Ilene Beckerman published way, way back in 1995, tells the story of a life through the clothes that were a part of it. Important clothes, like graduation outfits and wedding gowns, but also the random dresses, patterns, fabrics and colors lodged in a memory: of a beloved relative, a youthful friend, a time of life, a mindset, a generation. Clothes illustrate love and loss, class divisions and life stages. Two navy-blue dresses that take us from a tw0-parented girlhood to a life with custodial grandparents. Sophisticated evening gowns that don't quite bridge the divide so much as point to the differences between middle-class city girls and the privileged offspring of the (American, such as it is) gentry.
It is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.986399
Retrieved Text: So much to read, so little time? This brief overview of Fatal Vision tells you what you need to know before or after you read Joe McGinniss's book. Crafted and edited with care, Worth Books set the standard for quality and give you the tools you need to be a well-informed reader. This short summary and analysis of Fatal Vision by Joe McGinniss includes: -Historical context -Section-by-section overviews -Detailed timeline of key events -Important quotes -Fascinating trivia -Glossary of terms -Supporting material to enhance your understanding of the original work About Joe McGinniss's Fatal Vision: In 1970, the country was gripped by a brutal triple-murder at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Colette MacDonald, then pregnant, and her two young daughters were beaten and stabbed to death in their home. The prime suspect was Colette's husband, a charismatic military doctor and Green Beret named Jeffrey MacDonald. MacDonald invited writer Joe McGinniss to write a book about the case. Fatal Vision, published in 1983, has become a true crime classic, but not without controversy. In 1984, MacDonald sued McGinniss for fraud, claiming he misrepresented his intentions, making Fatal Vision an incredibly compelling story and an excellent example of the complex questions surrounding free speech and journalistic integrity. The summary and analysis in this ebook are intended to complement your reading experience and bring you closer to a great work of nonfiction.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.87016
Retrieved Text: Perfectly normal questions, for most kids - but for us, the answer was not so easily gained.
We knew a little. That our moms were Japanese, which meant their occasionally forsaking tuna casserole and Campbell Soup and other staples of a suburban home, for strange cuisine, obtained at some expense and difficulty. They spoke with accents. They often approached the task of childrearing with a grim, life-or-death intensity. Their native land seemed so exotic, so other-worldly, it might as well have been on the moon. But then again, the moon was only three days’ flight away - a fraction of the time it took to sail from Yokohama to the US.
And to top it off, our moms - having survived a brutal war and its unpleasant aftermath - were not inclined to revisit it.
But if our moms were happy to put the past behind them, it was a subject that continued to beckon. Kathryn began to collect material for a book. Karen offered to illustrate it. I said, let’s make a film.
The result was a bittersweet, painfully wrought portrait in miniature of three mothers and their daughters. It is a story of strong, even obstinate women. It’s about emigrating, without a safety net. About being mixed-race - when mono-racial was normal.
We could not begin to cover in any serious way the small but significant role our moms played in bringing their two countries a little closer - but that’s a part of the story, too. Most of all, it’s an obscure but compelling episode in modern US-Japan

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.844603
Retrieved Text: '7 Days in Entebbe' tells the mostly compelling story of the rescue of 102 Israeli hijacked airplane passengers in 1976.
The based-on-true-events movie tells the mostly compelling story of the rescue of 102 Israeli hijacked airplane passengers in 1976.
The daring 1976 rescue by Israeli commandoes of 102 hostages held by terrorists in a Ugandan airport is such a compelling story it’s near impossible to mess up.
Shortly after the real-life incident, Hollywood made two good star-studded, made-for-TV movies (“Victory at Entebbe” and “Raid on Entebbe”), while Israeli filmmakers made their own account (“Operation Thunderbolt”) of the heroic events.
Now some 40 years later, “7 Days in Entebbe” explores the story again.
If you are already familiar with the events, does the new film have something new to say or add anything new to the historical record? No.
But if you unfamiliar with the successful rescue mission or have vague memories of the three previous films, then the mostly competent and interesting “7 Days in Entebbe” is worth seeing.
Padilha also does a compelling job showing how the Air France crew — especially the flight engineer (Denis Ménochet) — did their best to maintain the safety of their passengers.
Interesting too is the depictions of two of the hijackers, Brigitte Kuhlmann (Rosamund Pike) and Wilfried Böse (Daniel Brühl), both Germans.
They are both portrayed as naïve and hopelessly over their heads. At one point, they realize two Germans threatening to execute Jews might just bring back some bad memories of the recent past. You’d think they would have considered that angle before the hijacking.
After about

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.838617
Retrieved Text: I listen to The New Yorker fiction podcasts once a month on a long run. Generally they are wonderful. This month’s was less compelling. While Cheever was prescient about the pitfalls of an over-sharing culture, and his sentences are compelling in their craft-style, the story just seems, well, like a Twilight Zone episode.
On this month’s fiction podcast, Nathan Englander reads John Cheever’s short story “The Enormous Radio,” which first appeared in The New Yorker in 1947. It tells the story of Jim and Irene Westcott, an Upper East Side husband and wife whose careful sense of propriety gets rattled when Jim buys an expensive new radio that allows them to overhear the conversations of their neighbors.
via Fiction Podcast: Nathan Englander Reads John Cheever.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.738155
Retrieved Text: But while London's smartest restaurants echoed to Russian laughter and Bond Street shop-owners totted up their profits, darker events also played themselves out. The killing of ex-KGB man Alexander Litvinenko in London to the death - in a helicopter crash he all but predicted - of Stephen Curtis, the lawyer to many of Britain's richest Russians, chilled London's Russians and many of those who know them.
This is the story of how Russia's wealth was harvested and brought to London - some of it spent by Roman Abramovich on his beloved Chelsea Football Club, some of it spent by Boris Berezovsky in his battles with Russia's all-powerful Vladimir Putin. Londongrad is a must-read for anyone interested in how vast wealth is created, the luxury it can buy, and the power and intrigue it commands "
"A gripping chronicle of the decadence, danger and sheer power that defined a phenomenon… the definitive investigation of the oligarch phenomenon which rose and fell in the short years of the bubble of the past decade… a gobsmacking, head-shaking read… a gripping and compelling read.”"
"…a valuable eye-opener…the most interesting part of this book is actually the political story it tells…an important and fascinating story."
"A racy and alarming investigation of the effect of Russian money on Britain."
"If you enjoy revelling in the outrageous vulgarity, tastelessness and ruthlessness of people who are rich beyond all imagining, then this is the book for you. It is a magnificently emetic account of the lifestyles of the Russki oligarchs… a fine companion to Melanie Phillips’s London-istan in charting

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.710451
Retrieved Text: Lou Berney is an accomplished writer, teacher, and liar. He has written feature screenplays and created TV pilots for, among others, Warner Brothers, Paramount, Focus Features, ABC, and Fox. He is the author of THE ROAD TO BOBBY JOE, a collection of stories, and his short fiction has appeared in publications such as The New Yorker, New England Review, Ploughshares, and the Pushcart Prize anthology. He has taught at the University of Oklahoma, the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, and in the MFA program at Saint Mary's College in California. GUTSHOT STRAIGHT, his first novel, was written during the 2007-2008 film and TV Writers Guild strike.
"Jonathan Moore has written a wickedly smart, emotionally complex novel that will haunt you long after you turn the last page. Whether you find it seductively terrifying or terrifyingly seductive, in my mind, The Poison Artist is better than Hitchcock."
"The Summer That Melted Everything is a blast of hellfire, humor, and heartbreak that’s part Flannery O’Connor, part Stephen King, and wholly original."
"Joe Ide is a bad man: IQ is so hellaciously entertaining, deeply moving, and electrifyingly alive that you'll want to read it twice."
"DANGEROUS ENDS is a tense, gripping exploration of what happens when a bloody past collides with a dangerous present."
"THE FINISHING SCHOOL pulls back the curtain to expose a fascinating world of desire, betrayal, and dangerous secrets."
"A riveting novel that engages both heart and mind. John Burley has an eye for detail, a feel for story, and a deep sympathy for his characters."
"Wendy Corsi Staub hits every note perfectly

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.675232
Retrieved Text: This Is Only a Test tells the history of nuclear age urban planning, civil defense, and continuity of government programs in one of the nation s most critical Cold War targets Washington, D.C Spanning the years 1940 to 1962, This Is Only a Test uses Washington s often conflicting identities capital, city, and symbol to explore the connections between the attempted dispThis Is Only a Test tells the history of nuclear age urban planning, civil defense, and continuity of government programs in one of the nation s most critical Cold War targets Washington, D.C Spanning the years 1940 to 1962, This Is Only a Test uses Washington s often conflicting identities capital, city, and symbol to explore the connections between the attempted dispersal of vital government offices to distant suburban sites, the District s Office of Civil Defense, and the creation of the secretive Federal Relocation Arc Measures to protect the federal government resulted in a widening gap between capital and city, while the failures of the city s local program symbolized federal ambivalence toward civil defense This Is Only a Test shows how the Cold War affected Washington and its racially divided population.
In many ways, this was an enlightening read to me. In several other ways, it was exactly what I expected it to bee story of attempting to tackle the impossible.
Not bad. A bit dry: this book details seemingly every underground bunker within 100 miles of Washington. Despite this, it's fascinating to read of the evolution of civil defense from evacuation to dispersal to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.610575
Retrieved Text: From Stonehenge to beyond the Big Bang, an exhilarating scientific exploration of how we make time Time is the grandest conception of the universe that we humans have been able to imagine - and its most intimate, the very frame of human life. In About Time, astrophysicist and award-winning writer Adam Frank tells the scientific story of this wonderful and tyrannical invention.
A Palaeolithic farmer moved through the sun-fuelled day and star-steered night in a radically different way than the Elizabethan merchants who set their pace to the clocks newly installed in their town squares. Since then, science has swept time into increasingly minute and standardized units - the industrial efficiency of ironworks' punch clocks; the space-age precision of atomic fountains and GPS satellites; the fifteen-minute increments of Outlook's digital revolution. And in the past decade, string-theory branes, multiverses, and "clockless” physics have begun to overturn our ideas about how the universe began - the Big Bang - in ways that will completely rewrite time and our experience of it. Weaving cosmology with day-to-day chronicles and a down-to-earth style, About Time is both dazzling and riveting as it confronts what comes next.
"Beyond exploring mind-bending theories… Frank's book is a fascinating and comprehensive survey of how technology — from farming to railways to telegraphy to the internet — has changed our everyday concept of time… Compelling."
"A phenomenal blend of science and cultural history.” Starred review.
"This will fascinate anyone curious about the nexus of astronomy and history and, of course, time. Recommended."

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.498346
Retrieved Text: Let’s Write Your Book Together!
Are you ready to author your book?
Do you have an amazing personal story so compelling, or controversial—or even humorous—that people who know even a little about your journey often say you should write a book? Or perhaps you have created a unique entrepreneurial business concept or innovative model so phenomenally successful—even if it was a rocky road getting there—that you now have a sincere desire to share your fantastic experience and impart your accumulated knowledge to others?
I assure you that you will not be surprised when I tell you the main reasons why so many people with a terrific story or idea for a book never get around to writing it. First let me tell you a little something about me.
I am a full time freelance ghostwriter and conceptual-developmental editor. I have ghostwritten books for CEOs and entrepreneurs, innovative thought leaders in 21st Century digital media and technology, MDs and psychologists, Holocaust survivors and Americans who have battled legal injustice right in our own country—even a theoretical biologist and a psychiatric neuroscientist (separate books of course!). I write for people who have great story just aching to be told, and into which I imbue the poignant lessons the authors have learned along the way.
So why do people with utterly fascinating stories or incredible groundbreaking ideas never write their book? The first reason is that it takes an immense amount of time and effort to do it right. Quality book writing is slow work; it takes planning, research, writing, review and editing, polishing

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.135952
Retrieved Text: Darkness seems so oppressive, so overbearing, overpowering.
Darkness cannot hold its own.
Light, even unseen; carries this attribute.
Sounds emerge with light or dark timbre.
Physical light manifests as only Lightness; Illumination!
Therefore, bring into your day any ray of Light you can.
Imagine it! Happiness! Wholeness! Envision it!
Your fallen friend becomes remembered for the joy you knew together!
The emptiness becomes filled with Memories, and more recalled.
Alive, alive becomes the warmth of mutual respect.
Change the words you feel into their antonyms.
Your situation may be sad, while you have choice to be grateful.
Choose the words you utter to self and others to reflect Light.
If someone hurts or insults you, refuse to join them in darkness.
Reflect Light to yourself and you will BE Light.
Effortlessly infuse light into Humanity's need to evolve.
Is it possible for only you to be happy?
Is it possible for only your family to be happy?
Is it possible for only your country to be happy?
No, No, it is not..
Because I like to believe that "happiness" which in Japanese is said "Shiawase" 幸せ means the same as the phrase "Shi-a-wa-se" (四安和瀬） This four character phrase describes water that is calm and at peace in all four directions.
If they are surrounded by happiness, water, trees, and flowers will be full of life, clothe themselves in green and give forth fresh clean air for us to breath. And there are always withering trees, leaves, and petals are the creators, in turn, of rich loams.
A world is created that allows all living things to exist in harmony.
So only when all are "happy" surrounded by calm and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.224035
Retrieved Text: Check out the teaser trailer and teaser poster for Disney’s A Wrinkle in Time. The film, which is an epic adventure based on Madeleine L’Engle’s timeless classic which takes audiences across dimensions of time and space, examining the nature of darkness versus light and ultimately, the triumph of love.
Directed by Ava DuVernay from a screenplay by Jennifer Lee based upon the beloved novel by Madeleine L’Engle, A Wrinkle in Time is produced by Jim Whitaker and Catherine Hand with Doug Merrifield serving as executive producer. The film stars: Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon, Mindy Kaling, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Michael Peňa, Levi Miller, Deric McCabe, André Holland, Rowan Blanchard with Zach Galifianakis and Chris Pine and introduces Storm Reid.
Be sure to check out A Wrinkle in Time when it hits theaters on March 9, 2018!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.202873
Retrieved Text: Disney Releases New Motion Posters and a TV Spot for "A Wrinkle In Time"
Chip and Co. readers can now Tesser into 2018 with new motion posters and TV spot from Disney’s “A Wrinkle In Time.” In anticipation of the opening of the film on March 9, 2018, Disney has released this stunning artwork – Check them out!
The film stars two-time Academy Award nominee Oprah Winfrey who you can see above in her role as Mrs. Which.
Reese Witherspoon is also on board as Mrs Whatsit.
Above you can see Mindy Kaling in her role as Mrs. Who.
The project sees visionary director Ava DuVernay at the helm of an epic adventure based on Madeleine L’Engle’s timeless classic which takes audiences across dimensions of space and time in an examination of the nature of darkness versus light and ultimately the triumph of love. Through one girl’s transformative journey, led by three celestial guides, we discover that strength comes from embracing your individuality and that fear can be overcome if you travel by your own light.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.080875
Retrieved Text: Please join us for the Tenebrae service tonight, Wednesday, April 17 at 8 pm at the Co-Cathedral of St. Thomas More. Tenebrae (Latin for shadows or darkness) is that part of Liturgy of the Hours that was celebrated in the evenings during the Triduum and dates from the 7th or 8th century. The mood is somber, quiet and reflective. The distinctive feature of the service is the gradual extinction of all the lights in the church as we contemplate the temporary triumph of the prince of darkness over the Light of the world.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.647114
Retrieved Text: It is not by accident that Christmas comes at that moment of deepest darkness during the year, when the days are shortest. If there is one thing that Christmas is, it is the triumph of light over darkness.
“The light shines in the darkness. And the darkness has not overcome it” (Jn 1,5). That’s God’s promise made manifest through the birth of His only Son in a world, in which, despair, conflict and injustice seem to always have the upper hand and, ultimately, the final word. And God’s promise is our hope.
At JRS, we strive to keep alive this flame of hope, by accompanying, serving and defending migrants during those moments of deepest darkness in their lives.
Concretely, this is done by spending time with people, especially with those who are held in detention, and by listening to their stories of resilience and hope in the face of hardship and tragedy. The members of the JRS team also offer different kinds of services, to ensure that, as far as possible, all persons receive the protection and support they need.
This is our way of keeping the spirit of Christmas alive all year round. A spirit of hope, a spirit of light.
Help us to keep alive this light of hope by supporting and sharing our brand new Christmas Appeal.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.304108
Retrieved Text: It seemed like an impossible task, but back in 2009, wunderkind J.J. Abrams pulled a small miracle and revitalised the beloved Star Trek franchise with a film full of energy, pop and vitality. What once felt old and tired was suddenly new again. His follow-up, 'Star Trek: Into Darkness', seemed likely to top that, with a plot shrouded in secrecy, a mysterious new villain and the confidence that this new approach seemed to work. In truth, 'Into Darkness' proved to be just as thrilling as the first, and yet, at the same time, its greatest asset also proved to be its greatest weakness.
Reprimanded after breaking basic Federation protocol, Captain James Kirk (Chris Pine) is called back to lead the USS Enterprise after a mysterious terrorist, John Harrison (Benedict Cumberbatch) attacks Federation headquarters. With his team in place, including an increasingly distant Spock (Zachary Quinto), Kirk follows their target into the volatile Klingon system, armed with a full arsenal of experimental weapons. But very quickly, Kirk and the crew of the Enterprise begin to realise that their mission, and Harrison himself, are not entirely what they appear to be.
It goes without saying that 'Into Darkness' demonstrates everything wonderful about the Hollywood blockbuster: it's slick, shiny, snappy and often exhilarating. Background exposition was covered back in 2009, so there's no wasting time before getting into the crux of the story. What Abrams and his team at Bad Robot have crafted is a story almost more intriguing than the first film, built around the central presence of Cumberbatch's legendary

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.929312
Retrieved Text: 4th Sunday of Lent: “LAETARE or REJOICE SUNDAY.
The reason of our joy: Jesus has come to rescue us from darkness and bring us to light.
Let us live as children of light in righteousness, truth and goodness, imitating Christ’s self-giving.
1. The reason of our joy: Jesus has come to rescue us from darkness and bring us to light.
In this penultimate Sunday of Lent, called “Laetare (Rejoice)” Sunday, the Universal Church rejoices and exults and for what reason?
The Son of Man has come into the world to rescue us from darkness, accompanies us in this life as our Light and Shepherd and leads us to the splendor of the faith, as we pray in today’s Preface.
By the mystery of the Incarnation he has led the human race that walked in darkness into the radiance of the faith and has brought those born in slavery to ancient sin through the waters of regeneration to make them your adopted children.
2. Summary of ideas of the Sunday readings.
3. Let us live as children of light in righteousness, truth and goodness, imitating Christ’s self-giving.
Dear friends, let us thank God for His wondrous love, and rejoice for we can affirm that the Lord is our Light and our Shepherd” (cf. Resp. Psalm) who has rescued us from the dark valleys of sin and death and will accompany us in this life towards the verdant pastures and radiant and peaceful light of eternal repose and happiness.
Nevertheless, let us not forget that our condition as God’s children and his light bearers carries with it a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.566515
Retrieved Text: After Kevin viewed our film THE WITNESS on PBS, he contacted us and told us he would be donating a portion of the proceeds from his new CD, NEAR LIFE EXPERIENCE, to Tribe of Heart. We were deeply moved by Kevin's gift of friendship, and intrigued by the striking originality of his music. His work did not shy away from expressing the light and dark of the human experience with all its paradoxical contradictions, and yet, beneath the complexity flowed an undisguised gentleness and love of life.
The preview for THE WITNESS was the first creative project where we were able to join forces with Kevin, and we were excited by the natural synergy we discovered between his musical style and our storytelling sensibilities. As we began the editing of PEACEABLE KINGDOM: THE JOURNEY HOME, Kevin was in the midst of completing his new CD, GLOW IN THE DARK. He generously gave us access to successive versions of his tracks as they evolved, and almost effortlessly, the complex energy and nonlinear temporal dynamics of Glow in the Dark became part of the DNA of the film. Kevin’s music brings the spirit of the story to life, ever reminding the audience that love and beauty are just as deep and real -- and perhaps even stronger -- than the darkness many of us struggle to overcome.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.527203
Retrieved Text: "Just because evil is powerful, it does not mean that we must submit to it without doing anything. No, we must react. But in order to triumph over evil, it is unwise to confront it on its own ground, because there it is almost invincible, and we will be struck down. To triumph over evil we must rise above it, we must attain the higher regions of consciousness. From there we can hurl down fire and lightning, and it will flee! Man possesses a fortress within him which is superbly equipped to resist the aggressions of evil. This fortress is the light of his soul and spirit. When you aim this light at evil, it disperses. Why stand there doing nothing? When we become discouraged, the beings of darkness rejoice, saying: ‘This is marvellous, here is something to eat!’ This is how people allow themselves to be devoured by the spirits of darkness. When this darkness approaches, a true disciple defends himself. He climbs into his fortress and projects light, and this light dispels the darkness."

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.424397
Retrieved Text: I don't know about you but two of my favorite movies of the past few years are the God's Not Dead movies. There is truly nothing like sitting in a movie theatre packed with people with the gospel being proclaimed from the big screen. In 2014, the first God’s Not Dead film was released in theaters. People all over the world wanted to see the movie and it became a surprise box office success.
This Christian movie told a powerful story of standing up for Christ when the world is telling you not to. This is a theme that still rings true today. In 2016, the sequel to this surprise success was released and the message brought more and more people to God. Now, the people at Pure Flix are releasing the 3rd film titled God’s Not Dead: A Light in Darkness and the trailer looks absolutely incredible. And the premise of the new movie speaks to the troubled times we are living in. After his church is burned down pastor Reverend Dave, played by David A.R. White is forced to defend his congregation and God’s message.
The movie follows the struggle of the Reverend and his family as they wrestle with the world's messages of hate and the opposition to the church's message. Even in the darkest of circumstances, we are called to be a light for God.
That’s exactly what God’s Not Dead: A Light in Darkness reminds us. This is one Christian film that you don’t want to miss out on. In theaters nationwide March 30,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.134186
Retrieved Text: Greetings & salutations dear friends! Your presence brings joy to my soul. I pray my writings bring some value to our time together.
Let me explain. On my journey I have joined different Forums relating to Yoga, Meditation & Essential Oils. Today I received an email from one of them, advising of a new posting. I read the summary of it & decided I wished to provide my viewpoint. When I arrived at the original post I saw someone had left a message.
My immediate impression of the response was how much darkness surrounded it. There was some truth, but with so much darkness a person could miss it. I felt sad for both the Seeker of enlightenment & the darkness.
I read the words of the Seeker & I did see the struggle to leave the darkness. It is a delicate subject & the Seeker was attempting to come from a place of love. The Seeker has lived with certain notions, notions the darkness has promoted since the dawn of time. These notions have become the “truth”. The Seeker has now ventured out & is finding that the “known” truth is not always truth.
This is my own journey as well. Stepping into Yoga, Meditation & yes, even Essential Oils I have found my own mind opening. I am learning how much in the darkness I have been living. And when my journey out of it started, the darkness tried to pull me back. It still does to this day.
I know now, looking back, I brought the darkness with

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.118412
Retrieved Text: (Reuters) – Activist and writer Elie Wiesel, the World War Two death camp survivor who won a Nobel Peace Prize for becoming the life-long voice of millions of Holocaust victims, died yesterday. He was 87.
Wiesel was a philosopher, speaker, playwright and professor who also campaigned for the tyrannized and forgotten around the world. He died at his home in New York City, the New York Times reported.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hailed Wiesel as a ray of light, and said his extraordinary personality and unforgettable books demonstrated the triumph of the human spirit over the most unimaginable evil.
“Out of the darkness of the Holocaust, Elie became a powerful force for light, truth and dignity,” he said.
Wiesel did not waver in his campaign never to let the world forget the Holocaust horror. While at the White House in 1985 to receive the Congressional Gold Medal, he even rebuked US President Ronald Reagan for planning to lay a wreath at a German cemetery where some of Hitler’s notorious Waffen SS troops were buried.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.978329
Retrieved Text: The Catholic Bishops' Conference of India (CBCI) has released a message for the Hindu festival of Diwali invoking prosperity, tranquility, peace and harmony on all.
India's Catholic Church is joining fellow Indians in the celebration of Diwali or Deepavali, the festival of lights, wishing that the light of love, justice and truthfulness permeate the nation and that the gift of wealth be used to do good.
The Catholic Bishops' Conference of India (CBCI), the apex body of the Catholic Church in the country, on Monday issued a Diwali message, signed by CBCI Secretary-General, Bishop Theodore Mascarenhas.
The Hindu festival, celebrated on Wednesday, November 7, this year in India, recalls the night when Lord Rama returned to his palace in Ayodhya with his wife Sita and brother Laxman after a 14-year exile.
The Catholic Bishops 'Conference of India joins millions of our fellow Indians who cutting across religions and regions, traversing cultural and geographical boundaries celebrate Deepavali, or Diwali the festival of lights. Diwali symbolizes the victory of light over darkness, good over evil and knowledge over ignorance. Towns and countrysides will be decorated with colorful lively lamps ( diyas ) and rangolies (colour patterns). Amidst the joys and sounds of the celebration, Diwali continues to evoke deep spiritual meanings for us individually, for our country and for our world today.
In the celebration of Diwali, wealth is celebrated as a gift of the divine. Therefore, wealth and riches also are to be seen as opportunities to do good and to contribute to the welfare of fellow human beings. The exchange of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.837385
Retrieved Text: (Most Holy Mary): “My beloved children, today, on this night when I start My Daily School of Salvation for ye all, I come once again to call ye to the true love that pleases God and that causes your souls to closely resemble God’s own holiness. If today, your souls say yes to the Lord’s call, then your souls will become living reflections of God’s love.
The darkness of sin and evil now covers the world and it is necessary that a great light shine for the whole Earth, it is necessary that the great light of God’s love shine through the Apostles of the End Times, the Apostles of My Immaculate Heart. Ye are called to be these Apostles, therefore open your hearts to the flame of Divine Love, so that He may descend upon your souls and transform them completely.
Give Me today the total, perfect, unrestricted, unreserved yes of your hearts and of your souls, and then, I, My children, will triumph in your hearts, will transform ye in the True Apostles of the End Times that I asked so much in La Salette, in El Escorial and Here that ye be. Then, the light of divine love in your souls, the light of your holiness united to Mine shall shine in this world enveloped in darkness and finally sin and Satan's empire will be destroyed.
Continue praying all the prayers that I have given ye, primarily the Meditated Holy Rosary that My little child Marcos made for ye. Here in My throne of grace, in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.806353
Retrieved Text: The next few weeks at Filmera we are exploring comfort films. These can be films that we always have watched around this time of year or the films we watch when we feel alone or scared, or just need to be reminded there is joy and happiness in the world. Comfort films are the films which are able to move past the medium, move past the screen and emotionally touch us in some positive way. For me, when I was brought the prompt for what are my comfort films, I instantly thought of Robin Williams. He had a presence on the screen, and indeed off it, that transcended the medium. He is human, he is hopeful, he is zany, he is crazy. I think the above quote shows best why Williams is a comfort actor. Many comedians speak about this idea of fighting their own sadness with comedy.
He was a revolutionary to the comedy world, and he is someone whom I can say brings a light and joy for me whenever I saw him on screen. Whether it was in his classic comedies like Mrs. Doubtfire or revered dramas like Good Will Hunting, Williams stood out for his charisma and charm. He has a magical way of touching so many people with his humor and the characters he played.
The ideas of comfort and love almost bleed from his movies. What I will explore these next few weeks is how Williams was able to transfer these emotions and intangible feelings from the screen and to our hearts.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.78871
Retrieved Text: Photography relies on light and darkness. The making of a photograph requires a balancing act between aperture, shutter speed and the sensitivity of the film or sensor. Losing the balance will result in overexposure or underexposure and consequently invisibility - the image becoming lost either in the realm of light or the realm of darkness.
For a video work I lowered my camera down into a deep well. The well holds water at the bottom, the sun illuminates the edges of this water, creating a circle of light dots surrounded by complete darkness. In the video the camera is pulled upwards, slowly, out of the well, the circle remaining a point of focus, until, near the end, the camera nears ground level and the sunlight pours in, illuminating the walls of the well, revealing where you are.
The terms light and darkness are frequently used metaphorically, referring respectively to all things positive, happy and easy to digest and to all things negative, melancholic and complex. When looking at my artistic body of work through this lens, nearly all my subject manner can be easily identified as being in darkness. There are projects about the wolf, fear, the woods. There is a project about forgetting some one, about death. There is research about madness. However, like the video of the well, none of these projects are without light. They could not do without it.
While writing about light and darkness I am immediately faced with the question if I should distinguish between a literal light and darkness (the kind you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.781712
Retrieved Text: Take a look at the teaser trailer and teaser poster for Disney’s “A Wrinkle in Time” which debuted at the D23 EXPO in Anaheim, thrilling the thousands of Disney fans in attendance. The film, which is an epic adventure based on Madeleine L’Engle’s timeless classic which takes audiences across dimensions of time and space, examining the nature of darkness versus light and ultimately, the triumph of love. “A Wrinkle in Time” hits theaters on March 9, 2018!
← Battle of the Network Stars Continues on August 3 – TV Moms & Dads vs Kids!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.707077
Retrieved Text: it brought a sense of 'peace' and a 'wow' feeling ... instead of been afraid of 'unknown' ... embrace it, go with it, trust yourself ... and it seems that the result - became a rewarding ART.
Fashion photographer and filmmaker Jacob Sutton swaps the studio for the slopes of Tignes in the Rhône-Alpes region of south-eastern France, with a luminous after hours short starring Artec pro snowboarder William Hughes."
"The electrifying film sees Hughes light up the snow-covered French hills in a bespoke L.E.D.-enveloped suit courtesy of designer and electronics whizz John Spatcher."
"I was really drawn to the idea of a lone character made of light surfing through darkness," says Sutton of his costume choice. "I've always been excited by unusual ways of lighting things, so it seemed like an exciting idea to make the subject of the film the only light source."
Sutton, who has created work for the likes of Hermès, Burberry and The New York Times, spent three nights on a skidoo with his trusty Red Epic camera at temperatures of -25C to snap Hughes carving effortlessly through the deep snow, even enlisting his own father to help maintain the temperamental suit throughout the demanding shoot. "Filming in the suit was the most surreal thing I've done in 20 years of snowboarding," says Hughes of the charged salopettes. "Luckily there was plenty of vin rouge to keep me warm, and Jacob's enthusiasm kept everyone going through the cold nights."
I am … an amateur artist, my inspiration comes from many visual, inner and outer perspectives. Our

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.634094
Retrieved Text: Christmas truly is the most wonderful time of the year. We hope you spend it with us during our beautiful Sunday morning services throughout Advent (December 2, 9, 16, and 23, at 10am) and our family-friendly service of carols and candlelight on Christmas Eve, Monday, December 24, at 4pm.
During the season of Advent, we celebrate Christ’s coming into the world and watch with expectant hope for his coming again. As Advent leads us to Christmas, we invite you to join in the opportunities offered at UPC. The church is decorated in the holiday spirit and we are filled with cheer as we prepare to welcome Jesus Christ into the world.
Join us as we embark on the journey to the promised Christ child.
God of peace, you speak peace into the world through the way of the Christ-child. Help us to live as peacemakers that we may be called children of God. God of promise, God of peace, into our darkness come.
God of joy, you are our salvation; we trust in you and are not afraid. Lead us to draw water with rejoicing from the springs of salvation. God of promise, God of joy, into our darkness come.
God of love, you are love, and those who abide in love abide in you. Teach us how to love one another as reflections of your light in the world. God of promise, God of love, into our darkness come.
Join us for a family-friendly service of carols and candlelight.
Gracious and Mighty King, we celebrate your goodness to us as we join

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.44163
Retrieved Text: The Hermit represents the ONE IDENTITY, or I AM. He represents the consciousness of the man who has attained enlightenment, and he stands upon the mountain peaks as a light bearer for those below him on the path. He is solitary, alone. This symbolism points to the fact that in reality the central Self of every one of us, which seems to us to be separate from every other self, is that same ONE IDENTITY. Because this Key represents the ONE IDENTITY, it also symbolizes Will, since the manifested universe came into being by an act of the Primal Will of the ONE IDENTITY.
The Hermit's grey robe, by its color, symbolizes the neutralization of all of the pairs of opposites in manifestation by each other, because opposite colors mixed equally produce grey. The staff corresponds to Will and the Archetypal World. He stands in darkness, because what is behind our personifications of the Supreme Reality is dark and incomprehensible to our intellects. Yet he carries the golden six-rayed light, symbolizing cosmic principles and laws. As our consciousness awakens to the understanding of these laws the darkness recedes as the light shines more brightly, until at last we find ourselves upon the heights to which we now aspire.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.433725
Retrieved Text: We often fear the darkness. Sometimes we stay away from the darkness because we feel that it may contaminate us.
This is nothing more than ignorance.
How can you fear the darkness when you are light?
In fact I believe it is important to find yourself in places of darkness every so often. This is because you will bring light to that place. Why should the area or people in it influence you? Why should the darkness have a impact on you? Why can you not have an effect on the darkness?
No darkness can contaminate the light. In fact all the darkness in this Universe will never snuff out the light of a single candle.
Light is the element which will absorb all the darkness and transform it into light.
Never fear the darkness. Transform it.
Many of us have decided to only be a candle and light up a small room. This is okay…. BUT in truth you are the sun and can bring light to the entire world.
Be the light in a world that is covered in darkness.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.289982
Retrieved Text: Mütter | tao films – The art of film.
Dream images. Reality. What is it that Mikel Guillen shows us in his film Mütter? He creates peaceful images over the course of a mere ten minutes. A woman is sleeping, with a slight smile on her lips. There are clouds towering over her, over us, the viewers. Are we seeing her dreams? Are we seeing mind images? Guillen uses ambient sound in order to reinforce the idea of peace. And yet, he disrupts it occasionally, startling us by cutting the peaceful sounds and confronting us with absolute silence. Disorientation. A search for reference points…and the image of a teenage boy appears, shown in beautiful low lighting, illuminating the subject of Mütter’s dream and asking us to ponder over the connection between mother and child, motherhood and childhood, and the bonds they create.
Mikel, the first thing that struck me about your film is its aspect ratio. A 4:3 aspect ratio is no longer the standard format for films, which is sad. I grew up with it and I believe that it can create strong feelings nowadays if used properly because we’re so used to 16:9 now. Why did you choose this specific format?
You are right, it is indeed sad that is no longer the standard. I wanted to explore restraining the frame. I believe that it can have a deeper connection and since the film is about dreams, i thought it could help restraining and therefore bring closer the subject in a more detailed manner.
Mütter can be interpreted

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.205532
Retrieved Text: his may express the feelings of a man or woman downtrodden and oppressed. Our enemy may put out our light for a season. There is sure hope for us in the Lord; and if we are trusting in Him and holding fast our integrity, our season of downcasting and darkness will soon be over. The insults of the foe are only for a moment. The Lord will soon turn their laughter into lamentation and our sighing into singing.
What if the great enemy of souls should for a while triumph over us, as he has triumphed over better men than we are; yet let us take heart, for we shall overcome him before long. We shall rise from our fall, for our God has not fallen, and He will lift us up. We shall not abide in darkness, although for the moment we sit in it; for our Lord is the fountain of light, and He will soon bring us a joyful day. Let us not despair or even doubt. One turn of the wheel, and the lowest will be at the top. Woe unto those who laugh now, for they shall mourn and weep when their boasting is turned into everlasting contempt. But blessed are all holy mourners, for they shall be divinely comforted.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.117128
Retrieved Text: Triumph TT 650 Special: Decked out in the livery of the same motorcycle ridden by Steve McQueen in the 1963 Mirisch Film “The Great Escape”. This Triumph has been mechanically refurbished and carries all of the markings of McQueen’s bike including the Olive Drab paint, correct exhaust pipes, and even the correct WH-13371 license plate on the front fender. Records indicate that there were four motorcycles used on the set and it is not known if this is one of those.
1945 BSA M-21: The M20 series was a British motorcycle made by Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) at their factory in Small Heath, Birmingham. The M20 evolved into one of the longest serving motorcycles in the history of British military motorcycling, as well as becoming the most numerous type produced for World War II with 126,000 in active service. The M-21 BSA on display was initially purchased by Donald J Hunter, CW5 MIL USA ATEC while stationed in North Africa (Egypt) where he served as an attack helicopter pilot. The bike is original except for the Egyptian tires.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.112272
Retrieved Text: I have come as a light into the world so that everyone who believes in me won’t live in darkness.
Jesus is a light in this world. He told us that all who believe in Him will not live in darkness. We would have to conclude from this statement that all who do not believe in Him do live in darkness. So, what does that really mean? Obviously, the “light” Jesus spoke about is a spiritual light. It doesn’t mean that those who believe in Him live in perpetual sunshine or that non-believers live in a cave. However, we can use the concept of physical light to glean understanding of Jesus’ words. You may remember from an Art Class that the property of reflecting light, of a particular wavelength, causes all color. With light, we can see with our physical eyes, all that there is to see. Black, or darkness, is caused by the absorption of light rays, and is the complete absence of light or color.
The topic of light vs dark is being spoken and written about a lot at this time. Start looking and listening and you will become more aware of this. Light vs darkness is a true and relevant phenomenon in these last days for Christians on the earth. We believe that we are in the closing time era of the “age of Grace”. The age of Grace began when Jesus came to the earth as a Savior for mankind. Grace is the unmerited favor of Jesus. It is salvation unto eternity even

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.080837
Retrieved Text: After watching “A Wrinkle In Time”, your beautiful “love letter to young people”, I felt compelled to send you a thank you letter (Yes I know, I am no longer a young person but I wanted to let you know that your love letter to young people speaks to people of all ages).
Thank you for making my heart burst with joy and sing.
Thank you for pushing us outside of our comfort zones and for pushing yourself – thank you for having the courage to make this film. “We can’t take credit for our talents. It’s what we do with them.” (Mrs. Whatsit) What you did with your talent in this film is wonderful. I am not denying there were some flaws but even a gorgeous diamond has its flaws and that’s not reason enough not to enjoy the sparkle or its beauty.
Thank you for reawakening and re-igniting the light in my heart that should be ablaze in all of our hearts. Thank you for inspiring me.
To paraphrase one of the lines from the film, “All of those willing to face the darkness and bring the best of themselves to the light for the world, they are Warriors on Earth” You Ms Ava DuVernay are a Warrior. Thank you so much for shining brightly, never dulling your sparkle and encouraging all of us to do the same. There can never be too much sparkle/light in this world and together, with love, courage, and hope we can overcome the darkness.
** “A Wrinkle In Time” is in Irish cinemas

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.022425
Retrieved Text: "The Light"Stuart Jones “Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.” (Martin Luther King, Jr.) Dark places are scary. We do not know what is there, good or bad. Things are hidden from us by the darkness. When a light comes to a place of darkness, it illuminates the area for everyone. The light does not select certain people; it is there for all. Jesus said, “I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.” (John 8:12) Our Savior came to light up the world; He came as an impartial light. Jesus was the light defeating darkness for all who would follow.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.019114
Retrieved Text: Christmas lights brighten dark December because we still follow the tradition of commemorating Jesus’ birth at the time of the European celebration of the winter solstice. If I paid attention, could winter solstice be a heart-stopping moment? Could I feel the significance of that point in time when the darkness begins to recede? Instead, I will only notice that sunset comes a little later each day, sunrise a bit earlier. But the evidence that follows winter solstice keeps me believing in the yearly triumph of sunlight over frozen earth—the promise that spring’s new life will return, eventually bouncing us into sunny summer.
Perhaps the miracle is that during winters of the soul so many of us make choices that lead us to a winter solstice—a turning point where we invite the light back into our lives. Choosing Christ, His doctrine, His way of life is the time of solstice for many.
A stunning example of a soul’s winter solstice is a heart truly changed to let in the light of the Atonement. At a Recovery meeting years ago I listened in awe to a young man whose countenance was full of light—yet he had just been released from prison. In that dim setting he had found the light of the Lord through the Church’s Twelve-step Recovery program. He had, for the first time, come to understand and apply the power of the Atonement in his life. Leaning on that power he turned from the darkness of addiction and let the light of Christ thaw his heart and bring

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.90896
Retrieved Text: Without light, there is no color. The spectrum is reduced to hazy shades of gray descending into deep caverns of black. Our vision is limited, clarity compromised, and detail fades into the anonymity of shadow.
While nighttime is endowed with a unique beauty, it’s only found by lifting up your eyes from the obscurity around you to the radiance of the heavenly lights above. On a cloudy, moonless night, the world is plunged into deep darkness hoping the sun also rises. For when light is present, darkness flees.
“The people living in darkness have seen a great light; on those living in the land of the shadow of death a light has dawned” (Matthew 4:16 NIV).
Just as God spoke light into a darkened world in creation, so He shines the Light of His Presence into the darkness of our souls in re-creation. This is the same Light that burst forth from the tomb as the stone was rolled away – The Light of Life – Resurrection Light. “But you are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people belonging to God, that you may declare the praises of Him who called you out of darkness into His wonderful light” (1 Peter 2:9 NIV). “For He has rescued us from the dominion of darkness and brought us into the kingdom of the Son He loves” (Colossians 1:13 NIV).
Think about when you trusted Jesus as your Lord and Savior. As God opened the eyes of your heart to truly see the beauty of His Son, did not

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.83749
Retrieved Text: God will step in and re-create His world. He will put an end to the exploitation of the poor and powerless. He will punish those who have turned the things of the world into their gods. He will make His presence known to those who think they have hidden themselves from His wrath. His people are to stand straight, raise their heads, for their redemption is at hand. They, we, are to pray for the strength to stand before the Son of Man.
Tough stuff. Not the stuff of Christmas Carols. But, again, this is the beginning of the Advent season, not Christmastime. Advent speaks about preparation and transformation. Preparation for the two comings of Christ. The first coming of the Lord began in Bethlehem two thousand years ago. He continued onto Jerusalem and Golgotha. He continues through us, the Lord’s disciples empowered by the Spirit, to lead the world to Christ. The second coming of the Lord is at the end of time, when Christ will judge those who have lived in love and light and those who have lived in darkness and hatred.
For us in the Northern hemisphere, Advent takes place during the darkest days of the year when there is the least sunlight. The darkest day of the year comes towards the end of Advent on December 21st. Advent is the season of hope because it reminds us that the dark time will come to an end, and that the light of Christ will triumph. Hatred, racism, abuse of all forms, broken relationships, indifference

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.37852
Retrieved Text: And so the stage is set for Peter James’s haunted house thriller. Shaun McKenna’s adaptation uses every trick in the book, so to speak, to give us the conventional shocks and surprises we expect. But what makes this story fresh and alive is it is bang up-to-date, with plenty of current pop culture references along with modern technology being put to use. FaceTime and an Alexa both help further the plot, providing some scary moments.
Joe McFadden is web designer Ollie – he even gets to dance about a little for a quick Strictly in-joke – and he portrays the descent from enthusiastic sceptic to desperate believer with energy, credibility and likeability. Rita Simons plays against type (she was formerly good-time gal Roxy Mitchell in EastEnders) and is fine in a role which has lots of exposition and some great moments of reaction. Persephone Swales-Dawson’s teenaged Jade has to cope with some too-trendy-by-half dialogue, actually saying things like “OMG” and “Lol” rather than reserving such argot for online communication. She also has some great reactive moments.
There is enjoyable character work from Tricia Deighton as local hippy-dippy psychic Annie, and I like Padraig Lynch’s genial vicar, Fortinbras. Charlie Clements (another EastEnders escapee) gives strong support as computer geek, Chris, who may or may not be up to no good, while Leon Stewart makes an impression as Phil the builder.
Ian Talbot’s direction strikes a balance between building tension and releasing it, either with shocks or comic relief, abetted by Michael Holt’s gorgeously gothic set and Jason Taylor’s lighting, which

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.651018
Retrieved Text: What Keeps You Alive is a riveting thriller from writer/director Colin Minihan. It features a female couple’s cozy anniversary getaway that turns deadly. Screening at Fantasia 2018.
What Keeps You Alive has a simple twist to the typical survival thriller. For starters, it follows a lesbian couple instead of the usual straight couple. Of course, this doesn’t make a difference in terms of the story and how it evolves. In fact, it’s diversity at its finest!
And we all know women can be violent too, so don’t worry about the horror. This movie really does not hold back with very realistic and gory violence.
The married couple is played by Hannah Emily Anderson and Brittany Allen. They both do an excellent job of portraying the hunter and prey, respectively.
Director Colin Minihan got his breakthrough along with his brother as The Vicious Brothers. This happened when they created the scary found footage horror movie Grave Encounters.
Since then Colin Minihan made the sci-fi horror movie Extraterrestrial, as well as zombie movie It Stains the Sands Red (also starring Brittany Allen). This movie is yet another awesome addition to his film resume.
What Keeps You Alive recently screened at Fantasia International Film Festival 2018.
It opens in theaters and on VOD nationwide August 24, 2018. Do not miss it!
How much can you really know about another person? The unsettling truth that even those closest to us can harbor hidden dimensions drives this unpredictable, blood-stained story. Jackie (Hannah Emily Anderson) and Jules (Brittany Allen) are a couple celebrating their one year anniversary at a secluded

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.107903
Retrieved Text: "LIKE DEATH WISH SET IN FARGO. BUT FUNNIER...AND BLOODIER!"
"Bleakly funny…an absorbing and atmospheric entry in what we might as well term the “red snow” genre."
"The quiet dignity and soulfulness that radiates from Skarsgard’s craggily handsome features is echoed by the film’s majestic snowbound imagery (courtesy of the cinematographer Philip Øgaard) and its gorgeously keening guitar-based score."
"Brilliant. Brings a cool blast to summer’s end."
"Possesses both a striking soulfulness and a sense of beauty."
"Stellan Skarsgård gives a terrific performance."
When a father (Stellan Skarsgård), uncovers his son’s murderer, he begins to unravel. Once an upstanding citizen, Nils embarks on a blood-thirsty quest for revenge that escalates into a full-blown international gang war. With darkly funny humor reminiscent of Tarantino and The Coen Brothers, Nils finds himself caught up in a world not his own – surrounded by drug traffickers, con artists and kingpins, in order to bring his son’s murderers to justice.
© 2016 Magnolia Pictures. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.42324
Retrieved Text: A six-part thriller from the creators of The Missing, starring Tchéky Karyo as detective Julien Baptiste.
The prolific detective dives into a criminal underworld hidden within Amsterdam’s red light district. What begins as a seemingly straightforward missing person case, quickly evolves into a complex web of deceit and lies. By the end of the second episode, you start to see a deviation from the typical plot beats reminiscent of The Missing, with higher stakes and an increased sense of danger – allowing the thriller to burn through story faster than its predecessor.
Everything is not always immediately clear. Particularly in the first few episodes, there are unexplained scenes with characters which don’t immediately link to the story we’re supposed to be following. Although this is the genius of Harry and Jack Williams’ ability to plot out story, with everything ultimately fitting into the larger puzzle.
Baptiste is definitely less of a puzzle than The Missing though, with the writers ditching the dual timeline format and opting to tell the story in chronological order. In a way, the pace of this thriller almost demands it be told chronologically.
The character of Julien Baptiste is as wise, stubborn and brilliant as ever – with Tchéky Karyo solidifying his position as one of the best French actors of his generation. Tom Hollander and Jessica Raine are also brilliant as Edward Stratton and Genevieve Taylor respectively.
It is frustratingly criminal that Baptiste will likely get overlooked at the awards this year, in favor of less-challenging and more-accessible British shows like Bodyguard.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.122398
Retrieved Text: Criminal runs away in her escape pod. At the edge of a black hole she encounters the Professor and Princess. Professor, a “pathological truther,” tries to get her to understand the reality of spacetime before she passes the event horizon. Past, present and future are only a stubborn illusion. A live band, the Singularity - headlined by Alicia “Ya Yah” Townsend - conducts this trip across the galaxy.
Tin Can will be enjoyable for adults, teens, and sophisticated children over the age of 8 who like to philosophically explore conundrums of theoretical physics, human behavior, and don’t mind the odd curse word here or there.
This performance is developed and performed by artists age 12 - 50ish years old. It is partially supported by After School Matters. Every evening after performance you are invited to stay for a dialogue about youth, art, space-time and where do we all go from here?
Action, adventure, live rock music and some theoretical physics.
Curiosity Club is a full day summer camp where kids explore art and science. Each day we delve into our theme, this year CODE exploring physically, imaginatively and intellectually.
We will play with secret codes, cryptology, historic codes, website building, computer coding, website building, visual codes, social codes .
The basic daily schedule begins with meditation and movement, leads to science experiments and research, breaks for lunch, evolves into peer led sharing games, connects to an art project, closes with release and reflection. The session will culminate in a kid-hosted showing including a science fair, art gallery, and screening of the movies

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.72464
Retrieved Text: This is a gorgeously written book, but also a cranking good thriller and a beautifully thought-out fantasy. Ms. Moyer has done meticulous research to bring the San Francisco of 1915 vividly to life, against the backdrop of the Panama Pacific International Exposition (World’s Fair). Her characters are fully realized, people you come to care deeply for—and her villain a terrifying amalgam of shadow and sickness.
Delia Martin is haunted by a persistent ghost who wants her to do something or warn her in some way. The trouble is, Delia can’t figure out what, but she knows it’s vital that she unearth the reason or the ghost will never let her rest. Then a serial killer begins to operate in San Francisco and murder comes close to Delia and those she loves. She soon realizes there must be a connection between ghost and murderer, and it becomes even more important to discover what her shadow wants.
I cannot recommend this book highly enough. It satisfies on all levels, mainly because Ms. Moyer has taken such care with building this world brick by brick, skin by skin, shadow and fog.
You are currently browsing the archives for the review	category.
WordPress 5.1.1 and delivered to you in 0.985 seconds using 46 queries.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.498877
Retrieved Text: It's not often these days that two Michael Douglas movies come along at the same time, however his character in Beyond The Reach couldn't be further from the inventor / superhero mentor he plays in Ant-Man. Set in the Mojave desert, this survival thriller offers up it's fair share of entertainment in it's cat-and-mouse style tale of murder and deception but sells itself short when it comes to a fully plausible plot.
Young tracker Ben is going through something of a crisis in his personal life when a wealthy insurance broker, Madec arrives in town with an array of expensive weaponry and a set of flashy wheels. Madec is keen to be be shown around the harsh landscape that borders the town, wanting to hunt some big game while closing a deal. It isn't long before Madec lands the pair of them into some serious trouble and decides that Ben, rather than him, will be the fall guy.
The searing heat of the Mojave provides the perfect backdrop for an intense thriller, but ultimately the movie is let down by a narrative which becomes less and less plausible as Ben is forced into ever more dangerous confrontations with his murderous employer. While the twists and turns make for entertaining viewing, by the time the finale has rolled around it has descended into the absurd, making it hard to take any of it seriously.
Jeremy Irvine gives a competent performance as Ben, and watching his character adapt to the worsening conditions of the desert and cheat death while being hunted

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.431683
Retrieved Text: Dr. Arlene Alexander returns with a set of meditations designed to help you harness the power of your dreams. The first meditation begins with instruction in proper breathing and preparation. Listeners are then guided into visualizing their idea of the perfect day, thus opening the imagination to help one enter a lucid dreaming state. The session also includes self-massage of the eyes and face to further prepare the listener. The second session begins with a pranayama-style single nostril breathing exercise, followed by a passive progressive relaxation exercise. You will then be led off into the world of dreams to begin your lucid journey. Each meditation features the soft, soothing voice of Dr. Alexander as a guide. Adding to the experience is the equally tranquil music of David & Steve Gordon - flowing, atmospheric ambience that cradles the mind and spirit.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.155931
Retrieved Text: What is Babylonian Lottery? or algorithms?
The lottery in Babylon begins as a simple game of chance. Tickets are sold, winners are drawn, a prize awarded. Over time, the game evolves. Punishments are doled out alongside prizes. Eventually the lottery becomes compulsory. Its cadence increases, until the outcomes of its drawings come to underpin everything. Mundane events and life turns are subject to the lottery’s “intensification of chance.” Or perhaps, as Borges alludes, it is the lottery’s explanatory power that grows, as well as that of its shadowy operator the Company, until all occurrences are recast in light of its odds.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.152407
Retrieved Text: This atmospheric New York tale about love, loss, and vampires follows Milo, a 14-year- old boy with a dark secret. The surprise of the 2016 Cannes Film Festival and an official selection of the 2017 SXSW Film Festival.
An official selection at the Cannes Film Festival, writer/director Michael O’Shea’s debut feature THE TRANSFIGURATION follows troubled teen Milo who hides behind his fascination with vampire lore. When he meets the equally alienated Sophie, the two form a bond that begins to challenge Milo’s dark obsession, blurring his fantasy into reality. A chilling portrait of violence, THE TRANSFIGURATION is an atmospheric thriller set against the grit of New York City.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.816166
Retrieved Text: I've been supplied with this trailer for the upcoming film, I am Number Four.
Director D.J. Caruso (“Eagle Eye,” “Disturbia”) helms an action-packed thriller about an extraordinary young man, John Smith (Alex Pettyfer), who is a fugitive on the run from ruthless enemies sent to destroy him. Changing his identity, moving from town to town with his guardian Henri (Timothy Olyphant), John is always the new kid with no ties to his past. In the small Ohio town he now calls home, John encounters unexpected, life-changing events—his first love (Dianna Agron), powerful new abilities and a connection to the others who share his incredible destiny.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.764093
Retrieved Text: a densely atmospheric portrait of disaffected youth by artist-filmmaker Daniel Peddle that flouts preconceived notions at every unconventional turn.
Sunset Edge is meditative and introspective DIY filmmaking at its finest… a nearly dialogue-free visual exploration of youth’s complex relationship with the unforgiving laws of nature.
haunting and beautiful… Peddle creates some of the most visually arresting images cinema has seen this year.
Set against a rural backdrop and exploring the lives of disenfranchised teens, the film’s dreamlike atmosphere and atypical plot have made it a buzzed-about title.
far from a typical horror film… captures the pleasant idleness of youth, edged with the anxiety of growing up.
Sunset Edge, a thrilling portrait of adolescence, starring a Peddle-ian parade of locals and first-time performers, that’s set in an abandoned trailer park near his hometown of Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Sunset Edge subverts the teen thriller genre, abandoning cheap thrills for eerie silence, telling a coming-of-age tale that blurs the line between fiction and documentary.
His first narrative film, Sunset Edge (which premieres at the Rural Route Film festival in Queens this Saturday) presents complex depictions of disaffected youth. Set in an abandoned trailer park, four aimless teens sip Slurpees, skate in the sun, and explore the skeletons of a once thriving community before discovering its secrets.
Sunset Edge intertwines two stories: that of four disaffected teenagers who spend their afternoons exploring the trailer park with the story of a young man on a path to self-discovery as he confronts the reality of his dreadful past. In the final gripping scenes, both tales merge to reveal the mystery

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.602432
Retrieved Text: HarperCollins will bring out The Fire Child, the second book from S K Tremayne, whose debut The Ice Twins (2015) was a number one Sunday Times bestseller and a Richard and Judy Book Club pick, this summer.
The publisher holds UK & commonwealth rights excluding Canada to the book.
Tremayne’s second novel The Fire Child will be published in June, and tells the story of Rachel who, after a whirlwind romance, moves to the beautiful Carnhallow House in a remote part of Cornwall with dark, handsome, recently-widowed David and his young son Jamie. But when Jamie’s behaviour changes, Rachel’s perfect life begins to unravel. As summer slips away and December looms, Rachel begins to fear there might be truth in Jamie’s chilling prediction – that his new stepmother will be dead by Christmas.
S K Tremayne said: "At the very end of Cornwall is a spectacular region of ruined clifftop mines, where ancient tunnels run for miles under the sea. As a Cornish child, this place frightened me. But for a thriller writer, it makes a perfectly terrifying location. I hope I’ve done it justice."
Publishing director Jane Johnson said: "With its haunting evocation of West Cornwall, with its dead mines and bleak moorlands, and its sly echoes of DuMaurier’s Rebecca, The Fire Child is a brilliantly atmospheric thriller that you simply can’t put down. I do advise people to read it with the lights on."
The Fire Child will be published on 16th June. Translation rights are controlled by Furniss Lawton, US and film/TV rights are controlled by WME.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.53825
Retrieved Text: From the author of The Book of You and The Second Sister, a twisty new thriller—perfect for readers of J.P. Delaney and Emily Elgar.
Holly Lawrence always wanted to be a spy, but the experience proved more dangerous than anything she imagined. Now, Holly lives under an assumed name, hiding from the man who nearly destroyed her life. She avoids relationships and trusts no one.
But Holly’s new life begins to unravel when she encounters a young mother and her two-year-old child… a child who reminds her of a past she has tried hard to forget. This time, someone is spying on her, and Holly will need to decide how far she is willing to go to survive.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.505157
Retrieved Text: A team of astronauts aboard the International Space Station discover a primordial Martian life form that quickly evolves into a vicious monster.
I thought that the "Terror in Space" subgenre had been tapped out, with Alien covering the supernatural threat and Gravity dealing with factual fears. Lo and behold, someone had the brilliant idea to combine the two into a film that has all the grotesque monster imagery of Alien with the intense thrills of Gravity. That really is Life in a nutshell when you get down to brass tacks, though the film itself is highly enjoyable. It utilizes its talented cast and constricted set to deliver a heightened sense of paranoia and a monster that seems to be invincible. It's clear this film drew inspiration from H.R. Giger's immortal Xenomorph design, but cared enough about its own story that it comes across more as an homage than a blatant rip-off.
Life stars Jake Gyllenhaal, Rebecca Ferguson, and Ryan Reynolds as astronauts aboard the I.S.S. who discover a living organism with Martian origins. As they examine it, it begins to grow and quickly turns hostile, evolving into a bloodthirsty monster hellbent on reaching the surface of Earth. This film turns from a space drama to a psychological thriller on a dime as the monster, nicknamed Calvin, does everything in its power to kill the crew and bring the space station down to orbit. The performances are all fantastic, but the real star is Calvin. Its design is refreshingly original and exceptionally disturbing, particularly when it devours its victims.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.954226
Retrieved Text: The paths of Otto and Ana literally cross as children: Ana (Sara Valiente), running away from the news of her father’s death; Otto (Peru Medem), running after a soccer ball. They are captivated by each other, but leave without saying a word. One day, Otto learns that his parents are divorcing, and to prove his devotion to his mother (Beate Jensen), he chooses to stay with her. In school, he begins to write notes on the nature of love, a question that has plagued him since his parents’ divorce, and folds the notes into paper airplanes to send into the school yard. Ana retrieves one of the notes and shows it to her mother, Olga (Maru Valdivielso), who is intrigued by the emotional maturity of the message. Ana points to the nearest adult, Otto’s father, Alvaro (Nancho Novo), as the author. On a rainy afternoon, Otto waits for Ana in the school yard with a specific introduction in mind: he would say that his name is a palindrome, that it is spelled the same way backwards and forwards, and that somehow, this revelation would endear him to her. But she does not appear. He opens the door to his father’s car…and Ana is there. He begins to recite his rehearsed speech, but she interrupts. Her name is a palindrome too. Soon, Alvaro and Olga become involved, and the two children grow up as step siblings. Ana sees her father’s soul reflected in Otto’s eyes, and their profound connection makes them inseparable. But their love for each

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.490198
Retrieved Text: I was not born to become an artist, but my whole life has changed since moving to the Yukon wilderness. The breath taking scenery of the Yukon landscape didn't take very long to lure me into becoming an artist.
My main source of images comes from a multitude of memories and visions of the North that I have experienced from living in the wilderness for many years. They are created in a poetic, mysterious, and dreamlike atmosphere. The multiple colours of the wild flowers, the long and short hours of sunlight, the serene winter scene, the unexpected encounters with wild animals, and the ever-changing weather conditions are etched into my mind. Painting is my way of practicing Zen in an artist's way. It is my way of meditation with arms, eyes, body, and mind. I like to observe things slowly and thoughtfully as Zen practice requires a great deal of patience and discipline. Through patience and discipline, I develop my visual language and master craftsmanship.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.45585
Retrieved Text: Mindfulness or mindful awareness is a natural capacity that allows a person to be more “present” in the moment, less focused on the past and the future. Practice helps us to be more responsive and less reactive in any given situation. It is a thoughtful, intentional response, a friendly attitude of observation instead of an automatic, habitual reaction. Although it is developed through a practice of meditation, the hope is that it can be useful in daily encounters whether we are eating, driving, working.
What does the practice of mindfulness have to do with Integrative Health Coaching?
Integrative health coaching looks at all the areas of your life (see the Wheel of Health) that are having an effect on your health. Habits allow us to accomplish tasks with less energy, efficiently and yet sometimes those habits are not supporting our vision of our healthiest self. Change begins with awareness and mindfulness helps us to be aware so that we make conscious choices in our behavior.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.454199
Retrieved Text: Just the name of this movie evokes feelings of loneliness and emptiness, for me at least. It’s a story about a Japanese fisherman who is estranged from his adult son. Finding out that his son has terminal cancer, he decides to take a very uncharacteristic chance and go on a trip to China. His son is a huge fan of Chinese Masked Opera, and after viewing a documentary that he made, his father decides to go to China to film the famous opera Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles.
Once in China, he encounters many obstacles which eventually lead him to a remote village in the mountains, where he befriends a young boy, Yang Yang. Through Yang Yang he finally begins to address some of his issues with his own son.
This movie was very atmospheric, with a broad sweep of locations that helped set the tone. Everything from a snow-covered Japanese fishing village to the barren mountains of China gave feelings of emptiness and silence. Worth seeing.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.40769
Retrieved Text: Explore its introductory scenes, with progress carrying over to the full game.
The Norwood Suite is a wonderfully quirky first-person adventure game inspired by the likes of Twin Peaks, Gone Home and Soma. It's the work of Off-Peak developer Cosmo D who, as a professional musician, has crafted an equally wonderful soundtrack that compliments the game's idiosyncratic, off-the-wall style.
"What begins as a simple errand run for a mysterious new friend at the old Hotel Norwood quickly evolves into a bizarre journey featuring strange characters, secret passageways and lost memories," explains publisher Alliance Digital Media. "Behind the doors of The Norwood Suite is a unique game world teeming with surreal art design, clever surprises and an original atmospheric score composed by Cosmo D."
Having played The Norwood Suite myself, I'd say that's a fair description—but would also suggest its weirdness and charm needs to experienced first hand to be best understood. Even then, much of the game is open to interpretation which is precisely what I love about it.
As for the demo, it's located on the game's Steam page (look for the button on the right hand side). Progress here will carry over into the main game when purchased—which is available to buy on Steam, the Humble Store and Itch.io. Should you need it, more information can be found in this direction.
Look out for our interview with Cosmo D next week, where we talk The Norwood Suite, Off-Peak, and the importance of music and storytelling in games.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.400331
Retrieved Text: Share the post "17 Great Movies You Might Have Missed"
50 years into the future, the Sun begins to die, and Earth is dying as a result. A team of astronauts are sent to revive the Sun – but the mission fails. Seven years later, a new team are sent to finish the mission as they are Earth’s last hope.
Spanning three parallel stories over a millennium, ‘The Fountain’ is a story of love, death, spirituality, and the fragility of our existence in this world.
A psychological thriller centered around a black-ops interrogator and an FBI agent who press a suspect terrorist into divulging the location of three nuclear weapons set to detonate in the U.S.
A mysterious creature, know as Ink, steals a child’s soul in hopes of using it as a bargaining chip to join the Incubi – the group of supernatural beings responsible for creating nightmares.
An industrial worker who hasn’t slept in a year begins to doubt his own sanity.
The story follows a married couple, apart for a night while the husband takes a business trip with a colleague to whom he’s attracted. While he’s resisting temptation, his wife encounters her past love.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.381386
Retrieved Text: The Descent is the story of a woman who, crushed by a devastating separation, sets off on an inner journey to discover her true self, her heart, and free it from its shields, shackles and chains to be able to live her life fully, with joy and passion. Sophia is guided by her dreams. When she experiences her entire life crashing down around her, she finds herself buried under debris, mud and darkness. She crawls her way deeper into the darkness, to find what is hidden there. Each chapter begins with a dream, image and sometimes internal bodywork, followed by meaning, understanding and real life events and feelings around what is happening. Sophia, guided by her dreams, peels layer after layer of abuse-driven protection and barriers, unblocking constrictions and delving deep into darkness and pain to find the innermost beauty of a shining soul, trapped under many layers of protection, self-hate, guilt and fear, created from suffering to provide self-defence. Her dreams reveal the truth about herself, helping her understand who she truly is. She starts to understand her truth and her hidden unconscious. Sophia is drawn down into investigating her shadow, curious about what is hidden there, desiring to live a more fulfilled, aware, whole and happy life. What she encounters is at times surprising and heartbreaking, at times hopeful and joy-releasing. Discovering what has been hidden leads her to a new life, full of joy and understanding, compassion and forgiveness, contentment and peace. The Descent is written in a way that shows how dreams

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.343435
Retrieved Text: The second Chapter of Patanjali’s Yoga Sutras - contains instructions for our Practice - Sadhana Pada.
I will now discuss the individual stages along the eight-fold path.
The preparatory stages along the path to yoga – yama and niyama – for the basis for the actual practice of yoga.
The practice of aṣṭāṅga-yoga itself comprises āsana, prāṇāyāma, pratyāhāra and dhāraṇā, i.e. from the physical to the ethereal, as follows: āsnana: harmony with the physical body; prāṇāyāma: harmony with the energetic body; pratyāhāra: emotional harmony; dhāraṇā: harmony of thought.
However, dhāraṇā is also the connecting link to the inner stages of aṣṭāṅga-yoga. The three stages of meditation (samyama) are dhāraṇā, ~dhyāna and samādhi, or concentration, contemplation and absolute knowledge.
Although the physical practice of the āsana-vinyāsa system forms the basis for aṣṭāṅga yoga, this system should not be confused with āsana, for the practice of āsana-vinyāsa begins with the physical sphere and evolves organically to the mental sphere via energy and the emotions in such a way that a new person emerges. The consequent changes are not confined to the excercises you do on a yoga mat, for they alter the shape of your entire life.
The following sentences of the yoga sutra describe the various stages and practice stages of ashtanga yoga. The meditation stage is described in the third section.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.306322
Retrieved Text: Meditation has been used for centuries as a method for calming and clearing the mind and relaxing the body.
It is a known technique that works and has been used for stress reduction by the medical profession by both doctors and hospitals world-wide…but can it actually help you to lose weight?
Meditation is a tool…a very powerful tool that allows you to release your thoughts and in so doing, transcend into a peaceful state of being.
All that inner “chatter” that rules your life daily…that runs on autopilot begins to be silenced. That in turn lowers your blood pressure and reduces stress. Remember, when you are stressed your body ups your cortisol levels making it harder to lose weight.
Not only can these incessant thoughts that rule your life cause stress, they can be downright destructive and cause anxiety and unwarranted fears.
Meditation reveals that we are not in fact “our thoughts” at all and that we are the power behind our thoughts and as such are empowered to control our thoughts.
Meditation puts us in touch internally as we begin by following our breath and listening to our hearts. We discover there is another world…our inner world…it is the inner world of “cause”…it’s been there all along but we’ve been focused only on the outer world of effects.
We begin to “see” the program running and becoming aware of it is the first step to changing it.
With less confusion and clarity of mind we’re more in tune to what our body is really asking for and when. So, in a real sense,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.294945
Retrieved Text: When it comes to films starring Willem Dafoe his performances are nothing more but mesmeric, outstanding even when the film he stars in is truly awful. The actor is one of the films great gems who delivers wonderful performances that are deserving of awards but the true professional he is he doesn’t complain just gets on with the job. Past 20 years or so Willem Dafoe has been making big noises in arthouse/world cinema and his latest film The Hunter the actor excels once again as a hired hand to find one of the world’s rarest commodities whilst battling his own morality.
The Hunter is based on a novel by Julia Leigh that tells the story of Martin(Willem Dafoe) a mercenary sent from Europe to Australia by mysterious Biotech company.Martin heads to Tasmanian wilderness to embark on a dramatic hunt for the so called last Tasmanian Tiger despite the creature been reported extinct since 1982. As he searches the elusive creature he discovers the mysteries hidden within the wild landscape, triggering long forgotten emotions, but can a human who has led an immoral life find connection and redemption too?
What really grabs your attention in The Hunter is the central performance of Willem Dafoe. As I mentioned earlier in the review the actor rarely disappoints, he also rarely gets a chance to a lead a film and when he gets he grabs the bull by the horns delivering something truly fantastic. Martin is a charismatic emotionless man but when he’s on his own especially in the wilderness he’s

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.264555
Retrieved Text: When Takao, a young high school student who dreams of becoming a shoe designer, decides to skip school one day in favor of sketching in a rainy garden, he has no idea how much his life will change when he encounters Yukino. Older but perhaps not as much wiser, she seems adrift in the world. Despite the difference in their ages, they strike up an unusual relationship that unexpectedly continues and evolves, with random meetings in the same garden on each rainy day.
But the rainy season is coming to a close, and there are so many things still left unsaid and undone between them. Will there be time left for Takao to put his feelings into actions and words? Between the raindrops, between the calms in the storm, what will blossom?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.226128
Retrieved Text: ♥ something that begins to give benefits quickly and can have life-changing effects.
A practical introduction to Mindfulness of Breathing and Metta Bhavana meditation practices.
All welcome. This class is by donation. You don’t need to bring anything, but you might be more comfortable in looser clothing. Please arrive promptly as, for everyone’s benefit, we don’t allow latecomers once the meditation is underway.
You are also welcome to stay on for the Buddhism for Today class, which starts at 6.45pm following a tea break.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.188034
Retrieved Text: Join us for an introductory mini-course designed especially for beginners! In this course you will learn how to meditate and the Buddhist approach to training the mind. Meditation is a powerful and creative tool for changing our experience of our self, others and our world. Learn the art of meditation, and bring a sense of balance, peace and clarity into your life and your relationships. This course if perfect for those who struggle with meditation or for those who don’t even know where to start.
Each session will include guided meditation, a talk and a chance to ask questions. Everyone is welcome!
Renee Adibi has studied on Foundation and Teacher Training Program for 20 years and has developed a practical meditation practice, balanced with a busy family and work life. She teaches the Thursday lunchtime class in Dallas and is an active volunteer at KMC Texas.
Pre-registration not required. Walk-ins always welcome.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.165741
Retrieved Text: Based on the famous novel “In Between” by Peyami Safa, this TV series depicts life and love with all its contradictions and conflicts.
It tells the story of Neriman, who lives with there father Faiz and her aunt Gülter in the suburbs because she lost her mother when she was as little. Neriman is stuck between a conventional and a modern life and even though she grew up in a modest environment, her dreams are big.
Şinasi, known in the neighborhood as an educated, decent young man, proclaims his love for Neriman at every chance he gets. Growing up together, they are soon expected to get married. But their relationship starts to collapse after Şinasi’s sister Aslı is forced into marriage in order to cover up her indecency. Neriman encounters meets her wealthy cousins, Pelin and Duygu. But Pelin, who despises her lifestyle, and has malevolent plans for her.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.15178
Retrieved Text: A persistent muse attracts me to drawing and painting. My tribute to that voice is expressed in plein air landscape paintings and alla prima studies. My art process begins with active observations and evolves into a contemplative expression of the moment. This reﬂective approach results in paintings that are often, but not always accessible and representational. When deeply engaged in my artwork I have a great feeling of liberation. Although it is not always an easy state to achieve, the restorative beneﬁts of immersing myself into timelessness when drawing and painting culminate in what I call active meditation.
A family filled with artists and designers keeps Lisa’s aesthetic awareness keen and active. She received her BFA from Michigan State University with High Honors and attended Xavier University’s MBA program. Her passion for learning led to further studies at the Art Academy of Cincinnati, the Baker Hunt Foundation, The School of the Art Institute of Chicago Lakeside summer program, and with Michael Scott in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Lisa is a member of The Cincinnati Art Club and the Berrien Artist Guild.

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats' perspective . Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.121876
Retrieved Text: Chocolat is the 2000 British-American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lasse Hallström (The Cider House Rules) starring Juliette Binoche, Judi Dench and Johnny Depp. The music is composed by Rachel Portman and the soundtrack also includes "Minor Swing" from Django Reinhardt/Stéphane Grappelli and the 1936 jazz standard "Caravan" from Duke Ellington and Juan Tizol.
Chocolat is the 2000 British-American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lasse Hallström (The Cider House Rules) starring Juliette Binoche, Judi Dench and Johnny Depp. The movie was adapted from the novel written by Joan Harris, and is about a woman and her daughter opening a chocolate shop - with Sunday hours - across the street from the local church in a small French village.
The music is composed by Rachel Portman and the soundtrack also includes "Minor Swing" from Django Reinhardt/Stéphane Grappelli and the 1936 jazz standard "Caravan" from Duke Ellington and Juan Tizol.
Rachel Portman has written over 100 music scores for film, television and theatre. She was also the first female composer to win an Academy Award in the category of Best Musical or Comedy Score forEmma in 1996 and in 2015 she received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Music Composition for the HBO TV series Bessie.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.47186
Retrieved Text: Anno 1790 is part mystery, part historical drama, part romance and partially a look at early forensic science. The setting is Stockholm when Europe is in turmoil a few years after the French Revolution. In wonderful period detail we meet aristocrats, functionaries, citizens eking out a living and revolutionaries intent on social change.
Enter Daadh, an educated man of the Enlightenment, with one foot firmly planted in the future. He acutely observes and processes the changing world around him. He is of the Age of Reason, yet his heart usually gets the best of him. Circumstances hand him an unlikely acquaintance named Freund, an erstwhile man of God and erstwhile moral compass for Daadh.
Together the two are a fascinating pair of heroes, forming a tentative bond of friendship and dependence that deepens over the course of the series. Throw in a smart, beautiful and unavailable woman to create a tense romantic angle to the story and Anno 1790 becomes a series that offers something for everyone, especially those that appreciate artful storytelling.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.990282
Retrieved Text: I came to Amanda Foreman's biography of Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire, as someone passionately interested in the politics of the late 18th century - particularly the relationship between Fox and Pitt the Younger, and the impact of the French revolution on British political culture. I was drawn to the book because of Amanda Foreman's thesis that Georgiana, as wife of a powerful Whig patron, had a profound influence of the role of women in electioneering, by deliberately exploiting her influence as a woman of fashion.
I was far less interested in the social history of Georgiana. Yes, it is tragic that she was trapped in a loveless marriage, legally her husband's property and valued only as a means to produce an heir. But this is the history of many women before the late twentieth century and one might as well read THE FORSYTE SAGA or histories of Marie-Antoinette. That Georgiana, like Marie-Antoinette, masked her troubles at the gaming tables was also not especially interesting to me. I found it far more fascinating that men who would rule the country and its finances, such as Fox, would game all night and politick all day.
It seemed to me that the biography sold because of readers' prurient interest in the fact that the Duke of Devonshire kept his mistres, the Duchess' best friend, Lady Elizabeth Foster, in the same house as his wife, apparently with his wife's consent. This new film panders to that prurience, especially in its ill-judged marketing campaign.
By stripping away the social and political context - the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.980137
Retrieved Text: The French historian of the Romantic Era, Jules Michelet, in his Great History conceputalised the French Revolution as a drama of Romantic transcendence. His contemporary, Tocqueville, categorised it in terms of ironic tragedy. Neither had more extensive knowledge of the facts recorded in the sources. Each only envisioned differently the series of events that came to be known as the Revolution. Both perspectives, despite their evident differences, gathered followers and became equally plausible. Hayden White explained the process in his essay “The Historical Text as Literary Artifact: The historians shared with their audiences certain preconceptions about how the Revolution might be emplotted, in response to imperatives that were generally extra-historical, ideological, aesthetic, or mythical.
Pierra Nora, In one of his numerous essays on the subject, formulates a programme for the analysis of different sites of memory (lieux de memoire). Nora conceives of sites of memory as depositories of the past. They share the same characteristics: they are a property of particular social groups and guard some or other collectively significant values (concepts, norms, behavioural patterns). Etienne Francois and Hagen Schulz concede that A site [of memory] is metaphorical; it is, literally, a topos. A site, however, is not construed as a finite entity, on the contrary, it is a section of some real, social, political, cultural, or imaginary space.
So Long As Never is Filip Rybkowski’s second individual presentation. The exhibition is constructed as a sequence of objects reminiscent of certain historical artifacts, sites of memory. The architectures of these artworks is left open; the viewer transformed into

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.631441
Retrieved Text: Wikimedia Commons has media related to 1793 .
1793 ( MDCCXCIII ) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar , the 1793rd year of the Common Era (CE) and Anno Domini (AD) designations, the 793rd year of the 2nd millennium , the 93rd year of the 18th century , and the 4th year of the 1790s decade. As of the start of 1793, the Gregorian calendar was 11 days ahead of the Julian calendar, which remained in localized use until 1923. The French Republic introduced the French Revolutionary Calendar starting with the year I.
March 1 – 3 – John Langdon serves as President pro tempore of the United States Senate.
The Battle of Neerwinden saw a Republican French army led by Charles François Dumouriez attack a Coalition army commanded by Prince Josias of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld. The Coalition army's Habsburg Austrians together with a small contingent of allied Dutch Republic troops repulsed all French assaults after bitter fighting and Dumouriez conceded defeat, withdrawing from the field. The French position in the Austrian Netherlands swiftly collapsed, ending the threat to the Dutch Republic and allowing Austria to regain control of her lost province. The War of the First Coalition engagement was fought at Neerwinden, located 57 kilometres (35 mi) east of Brussels in present-day Belgium.
Neerwinden is a village in Belgium in the province of Flemish Brabant, a few miles southeast of Tienen, and is now part of the municipality of Landen.
Ebel riot was a riot taking

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.721287
Retrieved Text: US romantic drama in which a country star helps an aspiring singer launch her career.
A remarkably assured directorial debut from Bradley Cooper who turns in a career-defining performance opposite a promising Lady Gaga. A remake that captures the tone and spirit of prior films, A Star Is Born still blazes its own heartfelt, authentic path.
Superb. Gaga and Cooper deliver Oscar-worthy turns in a remake that hits the high notes.
Smart, funny and heartfelt, this A Star is Born is a love story for the ages.
A certifiable banger, whichever way you slice it.
Lady Gaga proves to be an inspired choice for Bradley Cooper’s remake of A Star is Born, and between them they make what could seem over-familiar feel fresh, vital and heartbreaking.
Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper are dazzling in this striking portrayal of the music industry’s highs and lows.
The fourth remake of David O. Selznick’s rags to riches film of the same name is of the same high standard as its predecessors.
Female success and male decline: what A Star is Born tells us about fame, fear and feminism.
A Star is Born isn't sexist or 'rockist'--it's a cutting insight into so-called 'authenticity'.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.300861
Retrieved Text: Home / News / Ram Charan, Sukumar film, a romantic drama!
Ram Charan, Sukumar film, a romantic drama!
Ram Charan and Sukumar movie is set in Village backdrop and is touted to be a romantic entertainer, where Charan will be seen in a new stylish look in a very different role.
Meanwhile, with Mallu Actress Anupama Parameswaran walking out of the film, speculations are a rife that Samantha may play the leading lady in the film. Rakul Preet Singh and Raashi Khanna are also the front runners to grab the leading lady role. However, an official confirmation is awaited who gets to bag the heroine role.
Mytri Movie Makers is bankrolling Ram Charan, Sukumar film that will have Rathnavelu cinematography and Devi Sri Prasad music.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.097944
Retrieved Text: The long and the dull.
One must admire 82-year-old director Eric Rohmer for trying something quite new at this stage of his lengthy career. Known for such films as My Night at Maud’s, Claire’s Knee, and Chloe in the Afternoon as well as several cycles of films, including four films in the 1990s comprising his Tales of the Four Seasons, this time Rohmer focuses on a tale of the French Revolution based on the memoirs of Grace Elliott, an English lady caught up in the turbulent times of that Revolution. The film is The Lady and the Duke (original French title L’Anglaise et le duc) and the story revolves around former lovers, a English woman now living in France with monarchist sympathies and the radical Duke of Orleans who favours seeing some monarchist heads roll for the good of the country and also to save his own skin.
It’s not the subject matter that’s new, however. It’s the film’s visual effect. While interior scenes were all shot conventionally, Rohmer commissioned paintings for all the outdoor locations in the story and then digitally combined them with the live actors who had done their work in front of blue screens. The result is unusual, inventive, and very surrealistic looking, never really losing its impact throughout the film. It imparts a real feeling of an earlier era to the whole story — perhaps closer to what our imaginations might expect Paris to have looked at that time than would the sight of authentically constructed exterior sets.
Unfortunately, the rest of the exercise

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.083445
Retrieved Text: Identity Thief – John Cho and Clark Duke join the comedy toplined by Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy.
Hitchcock – Ralph Macchio is set in a real-life role in the story of the making of Alfred Hitchcock’s Psycho.
Bird People – Josh Charles is set to star in the English and French-language drama with supernatural elements.
Hit the jump for more on each project and who the aforementioned actors will play.
Per THR, John Cho and Clark Duke (Hot Tub Time Machine) have joined the promising comedy Identity Thief. Jason Bateman stars as a man whose identity has been stolen by an unstable woman (Melissa McCarthy). Horrible Bosses director Seth Gordon is onboard to helm, and Amanda Peet also stars.
Cho is set to play a rising investment exec who is trying to entice Bateman’s character to join him in starting his own firm, and Duke will play “an Eagle Scout who, along with his buddies, is on a secret revenge mission to find the man who bilked him.” Gordon had already nabbed two stellar leads, and it looks as if he’s filling out his supporting cast with some fun comedic actors. Cho is currently shooting the Star Trek sequel.
Though production is already underway on Hitchcock (formerly titled Alfred Hitchcock and the Making of Psycho), director Sacha Gervasi continues to fill out his star-studded cast. Anthony Hopkins is onboard to play the legendary director in this love story between Hitchcock and his wife (Helen Mirren) set during the production of Psycho, and now Deadline reports that Ralph Macchio will play Psycho

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.038122
Retrieved Text: The French revolution is one of the most important events in history that had a monumental effect upon politics and society. It occurred from the years of 1789 to 1799, and continued to have long term effects not just in France, but around the round. However, many people do not consider the substantial effect that this had music. Had the French revolution not taken place, perhaps today’s music would be very different. Nevertheless, despite the fact that we are not in the midst of a revolution in this day and age, the circumstances of musicians today are certainly comparable to that of those in the 18th century, the difference being the emergence of technology that has primarily caused a problem.
The Revolution had a great effect on Romanticism influencing romantic writers, inspiring them to address themes of democracy and human rights, which resulted in a complete transformation of society. William Wordsworth and Samuel Taylor Coleridge were the first important English Romantic poets. Whenever in history, human right is suppressed for long time, revolution started. The French King Louis XVI and the aristocrat class spent their life on pomp and lavishness. There was a gulf of difference between the court life and life of common people.
The common people did not get enough to meet their basic needs whereas the upper class people led a life of luxury. To equalize this difference the people got together and revolted against the king and beheaded him. The slogan of the French Revolution was “Equality, Liberty, and Fraternity”. The spirit of the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.807644
Retrieved Text: Born from the ultimate in acting royalty, Chiara Mastroianni went on to be an actress in her own right. The child of French and Italian acting legends Catherine Deneuve and Marcello Mastroianni, Chiara has made dozens of French films since her uncredited debut appearance, at age seven, in the drama "Us Two," which starred her mother. Despite the small part--dubbed simply "la petite fille"--Mastroianni was nominated for a César Award for Most Promising Actress. Her first role in earnest followed several years later in young adulthood, a supporting part in another Deneuve film, the 1993 André Téchiné drama, "My Favorite Season," which co-starred Daniel Auteuil. Mastroianni would continue to collaborate with her mother to a greater or lesser extent: in 1996, she had an uncredited appearance in the crime drama "Thieves," another Deneuve-Auteuil-Téchiné production. Their strongest mother-daughter collaboration came much later, in an unlikely format; in 2007, Mastroianni provided the central voice to Marjane Satrapi's Oscar-nominated transnational coming-of-age saga, "Persepolis," a black-and-white animated film that illuminates Satrapis's own story as an Iranian girl growing up amidst the Iranian revolution and eventually living abroad. Deneuve voiced Marjane's mother, Mrs. Satrapi, and the film earned numerous awards worldwide. Mastroianni's other stand-out roles include an appearance, along with her father, in Robert Altman's 1994 fashion-world send-up, "Prêt-à-Porter," and as Carlotta, the star of the 2002 epic drama "Carnage," which screened at Cannes. Mastroianni's romantic life has included relationships with Benicio del Toro and a brief marriage to singer-composer Benjamin Biolay.
Played leading role in Manoel de Oliveira's "A Carta/La Lettre/The

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.773407
Retrieved Text: As their final project for the quarter, students were asked to write a historical narrative on one of four revolutions: French, American, Mexican, or Haitian. In addition to this writing assignment, they had to illustrate a pivotal event from their chosen revolution utilizing the format of a storyboard. Through this lesson, "Storyboarding Revolution", students illustrated cause and effect and chose a point of view from which to depict this event.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.435081
Retrieved Text: In a scene in Can’t Live with Losing (Can’t Lose), Choi Ji Woo was holding the neck of Ha Suk-jin and told him that if he dares to say it out then he will be dead.
The scene was after Eun Jae (played by Choi Ji Woo) got to know the cause of pain suffered by Hyung Woo (played by Yoon Sang Hyun), she secretly requested her brother (played by Ha Suk Jin) to accompany Hyung Woo to play basketball every week, and wanted her brother to keep the secret.
The scene has left deep impression to viewers. Viewers left comments such as “The queen of romantic love drama showed unprecedented cuteness aspect,” and etc.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.120527
Retrieved Text: This article is about the French dynastic order of knighthood. For other uses, see Order of Saint Michael (disambiguation).
The Order of Saint Michael (French: Ordre de Saint-Michel) is a French dynastic order of chivalry, founded by Louis XI of France on 1 August 1469, in competitive response to the Burgundian Order of the Golden Fleece founded by Philip the Good, duke of Burgundy, Louis' chief competitor for the allegiance of the great houses of France, the Dukes of Orléans, Berry, and Brittany. As a chivalric order, its goal was to confirm the loyalty of its knights to the king. Originally, there were a limited number of knights, at first thirty-one, then increased to thirty-six including the king. An office of Provost was established in 1476. The Order of St Michael was the highest Order in France until it was superseded by the Order of the Holy Spirit.
Although officially abolished by the government authorities of the July Revolution in 1830 following the French Revolution, its activities carried on. It is still recognised by the International Commission on Orders of Chivalry.
The first knights were among the most powerful nobles in France, close relatives of the king and a few from other royal houses in Europe. Originally, the number of members (called companions) was limited to thirty-five. In 1565, during the Wars of Religion, when loyalties were strained and essential, Charles IX increased the membership to fifty, but there may have been as many as seven hundred knights under Henry III in 1574.
When the Order of St Michael was

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.041744
Retrieved Text: The history of the Clumber Spaniel breed has been marked with colorful tales of dukes, escapes across the English Channel from the French Revolution and fanciful crossbreeding. However, there is no factual basis for the previously most prevalent story and only speculation about the true origin of he breed. We do hope that in the near future DNA analysis will determine from what canine combinations this wonderful breed has evolved.
It is the current thinking that the gamekeepers who actually cared for, dealt with and hunted with the dogs in the latter part of the 18th and first half of the 19th century combined dogs whose functions fit their needs and demands. It is a most interesting and mentally rewarding exercise for fanciers to think about which characteristics of what breeds would have produced a Clumber, such as Basset Hounds and some form of Alpine Spaniel.
It is true that the name Clumber derives from the Duke of Newcastle's 3,800 acre estate Clumber Park in Nottinghamshire, England. (The name Clumber itself probably derives from the ancient name, Clun, of a local river.) It is known that a number of titled families and landed gentry living in that area, known as The Dukeries, hunted with these sporting spaniels. Certainly, there are records of Clumber breedings among the dogs on these neighboring estates. It has been theorized that the Duke of Newcastle's long time gamekeeper, William Mansell, was himself responsible for the development of this unique breed. It is known that he and his descendants worked in that area for

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.00896
Retrieved Text: From the authors of At the Duke's Wedding.
The road to happily-ever-after... With Kingstag Castle full of guests and the snow falling, Viola Cavendish has her hands full making sure the Christmas house party runs smoothly. The unexpected arrival of the Earl of Winterton and his nephew Lord Newton upends everything. Not only is Lord Newton flirting with the young ladies Viola is supposed to chaperone, Lord Winterton himself makes her pulse race.
Seduced by a Rogue: Greyson Jones, an agent of the crown, is the only one who thinks being jilted has made Serena more alluring. When he lucks into an invitation to a Christmas house party at Kingstag Castle to cheer her up--and perhaps find her a husband--he seizes the opportunity to win her heart before they might be parted forever.
The last time Lady Charlotte Ascot bumped into the Duke of Frye, she climbed a tree to avoid him. Sometimes it's simply easier to run away than to face her feelings for him -- overwhelmingly passionate feelings that no modest lady should have Now, on her way to Kingstag Castle to celebrate the holidays with friends, Charlotte is trapped by a snowstorm at a tiny country inn with the duke of her steamiest dreams.
Maya Rodale began reading romance novels in college at her mother's insistence. She is now the bestselling and award winning author smart and sassy romances. She lives in New York City with her darling dog and a rogue of her own. Caroline Linden was born a reader, not a writer. She earned a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.867533
Retrieved Text: The best individual wrestlers from across Nebraska meet at the CHI Health Center in Omaha for the 2019 NSAA Wrestling Championships. Live coverage of each weight class finals in all classes begins at 2pm (CT).
A conversation on a subway turns vicious as Dutchman’s two passengers, a white woman and a young black man, flirt with race and rage. Amiri Baraka’s Obiewinning drama exerts an incendiary power as it dares to uncover the anger and fear buried below polite American decorum. Join Nebraska Rep as we honor Black History Month with this historic and relevant drama. This performance contains adult content and themes.
Italy’s explosive contemporary guitar showman Luca Stricagnoli will be joined by French swing prodigy Antoine Boyer, Flamenco guitarist Samuelito, and the groundbreaking Turkish fretless guitarist Cenk Erdogan for an unforgettable evening of four highly diverse styles of acoustic guitar music.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.748798
Retrieved Text: 29 LISTS Awards Season 2018Golden Globes! Oscars! And even the Razzies! If you love film, TV, and awards season, start ranking now.
We're ranking the best drama movies of this year. Featuring romantic dramas, biopics, and period films, 2017 dramas gave audiences all kinds of feels. What is the best dramatic film of 2017?
The critically acclaimed drama Call Me by Your Name is easily one of the best dramas this year. 2017 biographical dramas, like Marshall, Darkest Hour, and Breathe, featured Hollywood's best actors giving powerful performances. Other great 2017 drama films include 3 Generations, Dunkirk, Lady Bird, Tulip Fever, and Detroit.
Vote up the best drama movies of 2017 and feel free to add any 2017 dramas missing from the list. If you are looking for more, check out the drama films of 2019.
Lady Bird is a 2017 American comedy-drama film directed by Greta Gerwig. The adventures of a young woman (Saoirse Ronan) living in Northern California for a year.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.709898
Retrieved Text: Umumararungu Asina (Ashanti), a last born in the familly of two children. she studied economy and Finance in the University not because of her choice but due to the influence of her Uncle who always told her that she is brave and too much smart to do courses for ineffective people. One day she escorted a friend to a radio for a job interview and she ended up getting that job of her friend, guess why? she was too much talkative that day and entertaining everyone around her that her voice drew attention of the employer and he asked her if she has ever thought of becoming a radio presenter. Since that day, Asina became a radio presenter and it was in 2010. She was still in her second year of university. Asina is a fluent French speaker and moderate in English. her style of dressing is smart casual and she likes high heels. she also likes reading, and watching drama, romantic movies and documentaries. At her free time, she likes going out with friends and family members. She is also a good dancer.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.614286
Retrieved Text: Capturing the violence, tragedy, history, and drama of the French Revolution, this novel focuses on the families and loves of three men who led the Revolution Danton, the charismatic leader and orator Robespierre, the cold rationalist and Desmoulins, the rabble rouser.
If you want to begin to understand how revolution happens, how individuals get to manipulate the mob, how rioters can be triggered to bring down a government or a monarch, this well researched and beautifully written fictionalised account of the French revolution is a good place to start.
This is highly recommended for history buffs. Hilary Mantel is a phenomenal writer. She made me believe she was there and saw. Good stuff.
Very cool history of the French Revolution told in a fictionalized style. The insight of the author into human behavior, and the fullness she gives these vivid yet dry characters from history is amazing! Truly a great book.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.591413
Retrieved Text: Here are some Japanese words and expressions you can use on your next salon visit. Feel free to leave questions in the comment section below.
It’s rather easy to pick up Japanese vocabulary related to love and relationships when you’re exposed to popular media. Just listening to a song or watching a drama could help you learn expressions that depict love in all its wondrous glory. For this video, however, I focused on the messy side of romantic endeavors. So if you’re feeling unhappy in love, let’s learn a few words and drink to that.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.532791
Retrieved Text: Lorraine Heath is an American author of contemporary romance, historical romance, paranormal romance and young adult novels under multiple pen names, including Rachel Hawthorne, J.A. London, and Jade Parker. She is known for her "beautiful, deeply emotional romances" and in 1997, she received the Romance Writers of America RITA Award for Best Short Historical Romance for her novel Always to Remember. As of June 2015, fifteen of her titles made the USA Today bestseller list.
Heath was born in Watford, Hertfordshire, England from an American father and a British mother. Her parents met while her a father was stationed at Bovingdon while serving in the air force. Shortly after Heath's birth, her family moved to Texas where she was raised in Angleton, Texas.
She earned a BA in psychology from the University of Texas and lived in Austin, Texas for sixteen years before moving to Plano, Texas in 1987. In 1998, Laura Bush, then First Lady of Texas, invited Heath to serve on a romance panel at the Texas Book Festival.
She wrote training manuals and computer code for the IRS before she turned to fiction writing when she picked up LaVyrle Spencer’s Morning Glory which hooked her not only on Spencer's work, but convinced her that she wanted to write romance. She said up until then she "...had a preconception of what romance was." In 1993, she sold her first novel, Sweet Lullaby. Since then, she's authored over sixty novels, with historical and contemporary romance for adults and historical romance for teen readers. Under the names Rachel Hawthorne

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.518993
Retrieved Text: Louis Antoine de Bourbon, Duke of Enghien (duc d'Enghien pronounced [dɑ̃ɡɛ̃]) (Louis Antoine Henri; 2 August 1772 – 21 March 1804) was a relative of the Bourbon monarchs of France. More famous for his death than for his life, he was executed on charges of aiding Britain and plotting against France. Royalty across Europe were shocked and dismayed at his execution. Tsar Alexander I of Russia was especially alarmed, and decided to curb Napoleon's power.
The Duke was the only son of Louis Henri de Bourbon and Bathilde d'Orléans. As a member of the reigning House of Bourbon, he was a prince du sang. He was born at the Château de Chantilly, the country residence of the Princes of Condé - a title he was born to inherit. He was given the title Duke of Enghien from birth, his father already being the Duke of Bourbon and the heir of the Prince of Condé, the Duke of Bourbon being the Heir apparent of Condé.
His mother's full name was Louise Marie Thérèse Bathilde d'Orléans; she was the only surviving daughter of Louis Philippe d'Orléans (grandson of the Regent Philippe d'Orléans) and Louise Henriette de Bourbon. His uncle was the future Philippe Égalité and he was thus a first cousin of the future Louis-Philippe I, King of the French. He was also doubly descended from Louis XIV through his legitimated daughters, Mademoiselle de Blois and Mademoiselle de Nantes.
He was an only child, his parents separating in 1778 after his father's romantic involvement with one Marguerite Catherine Michelot, an opera singer, was discovered; it was his mother who was blamed for her husband's infidelity. Michelot was the mother of Enghien's two illegitimate sisters.
He was educated privately by the Abbé Millot, and in military matters by

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.510633
Retrieved Text: After 10 years of close frienship, Lady Eleanor Butler (aged 39 and from a prominent Catholic land-owning family) and Sarah Ponsonby (aged 23) eloped across the Irish Channel in 1778 to set up a new life in Plas Newydd, Llangollen. They espoused the literary ideals of Romantic Friendship, and those of Jean-Jacques Rousseau, and they encouraged artists, writers and intellectuals to visit their gothic villa. Wordsworth, Scott, Edmund Burke, Lady Caroline Lamb, Anna Seward, Madame de Genlis, Sarah Tighe, Hester Thrale and the Duke of Wellington were among the many visitors.
All 6 volumes of Eleanor Butler's Journals, 1788-91, 1799, 1802, 1807 and 1821 and her diary for 1784.
Sarah Ponsonby's commonplace book and an account of their flight from Ireland.
Original manuscript poetry by Camilla Blackford, Caroline Hamilton, Mary Tighe, Wordsworth and others.
Accounts of books read, a library catalogue and a list of visitors.
This is an important source for all those interested in Romantic Literature, female friendship and literary communities.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.27098
Retrieved Text: Actress Lee Min-jung, who has been away from the entertainment industry since she married actor Lee Byung-hun in August, is considering making a comeback to television next year.
If she confirms the role on the new MBC drama “Cunning Single Lady,” scheduled to begin airing in February, it will be her first role in nearly a year since “All About My Romance” finished in April.
One industry insider was quoted in local media saying that both Lee and the production company feel positive about the actress taking the role.
However, the expert added that the two sides have not yet signed a contract to make it official.
“Cunning Lady” is a romantic comedy about a divorced woman looking to get back together with her successful ex-husband.
Lee is being considered for the lead role of the divorcee. Actor Joo Sang-wook, star of the KBS drama “Good Doctor,” is up for the part of the husband.
The drama will complete casting soon in order to start filming around the middle of next month.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.095945
Retrieved Text: Thomas Paine (1737-1809), was an English intellectual, pamphleteer, author, inventor, revolutionary and one of the U.S. Founding Fathers.
Paine spent 1790s in France and during this time, he became deeply involved in the Revolution. “The Rights of Man” is one of the most important Paine’s works, in which he defends the French Revolution. In 1792, Paine was elected to the French National Convention, although he did not speak French. Robespierre considered Paine an enemy. In 1793, Paine was arrested in Paris, but released in 1794. This was the time when “The Age of Reason” was created. This book promoted freethinking and reason and argued against Christian doctrines.
Paine’s “Common Sense” was published in 1776, anonymously. This pamphlet signed by “an Englishman” had incredible success. Of all books in the U.S. history, this pamphlet had the greatest popularity and largest sale.
The supposed quietude of a good man allures the ruffian; while on the other hand arms, like laws, discourage and keep the invader and plunderer in awe, and preserve order in the world, as well as property. The same balance would be preserved were all the world destitute of arms for all would be alike; but since some will not, others dare not lay them aside. Horrid mischief would ensue were one half the world deprived of the use of them.
He who dares not to offend cannot be honest.
But such is the irresistible nature of truth, that all it asks, and all it wants is the liberty of appearing.
My country is the world. My religion is to do good.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.036884
Retrieved Text: Marc shares some events from this day in history: The beginning of the French Revolution, the birth of guitarist Lady Bo, the arrival of Marcus Garvey in Jamaica, and the day Alabama and Mississippi Democrats walked out of the DNC.
1789 – French Revolution: citizens of Paris storm the Bastille.1790 – French Revolution: citizens of Paris celebrate the unity of the French people and the national reconciliation in the Fête de la Fédération.1791 – The Priestley Riots drive Joseph Priestley, a supporter of the French Revolution, out of Birmingham, England.1798 – The Sedition Act becomes law in the United States making it a federal crime to write, publish, or utter false or malicious statements about the United States government.
881 – Billy the Kid is shot and killed by Pat Garrett outside Fort Sumner.
1928 – New Vietnam Revolutionary Party is founded in Huế amid providing some of the communist party’s most important leaders in its early years.1933 – Gleichschaltung: in Germany, all political parties are outlawed except the Nazi Party.1933 – The Nazi eugenics begins with the proclamation of the Law for the Prevention of Hereditarily Diseased Offspring that calls for the compulsory sterilization of any citizen who suffers from alleged genetic disorders.
1948 – Alabama and Mississippi Democrats bolted the Democratic convention after adoption of a “strong” civil rights plank.
1948 – Palmiro Togliatti, leader of the Italian Communist Party, is shot and wounded near the Italian Parliament.1957 – Rawya Ateya takes her seat in the National Assembly of Egypt, thereby becoming the first female parliamentarian in the Arab

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.974617
Retrieved Text: Asst,Professor and Head, Department of English, Muthayammal College of Arts and Science, Rasipuram, Namakkaldistrict. Tamilnadu.
Literature can be studied by various ways. The study of literature has a large bearing on the ecological issues. Study of literature has drastically been changed by a set of theoretical approaches known as literary theory. The study of literature has been found in a maze of literary theories. The paper attempts to establish that literary theory is not a single enterprise but a set of related concepts and practices.
one of the ways of interpreting literature. When a paradigm shift takes place in the late 1960s, literary stalwarts plant the seed of doubt in their minds about literary theory. Interestingly enough, it became part of the English academic world everywhere in the 1980s. Strictly speaking, literary theory can help us to broaden our horizon and get deeper understanding of literary works. It is interesting to note that literary theory instigates the basic principles and meaning of the artifice provided by the author and reader. It includes the cultural and traditional background of the author where he belongs to.
. Eco criticism is a concept which speaks for the voiceless earth. It has gained considerable currency in the last two decades. It draws the attention of academics, intellectuals, and writers. It deals with areas pertaining to ecology in literature. Since it takes an earth-centered approach to literary studies, it appeals to people to live in harmony with nature. The strength of Ecocriticism is the impressive framework which explores various facets like eco feminism, eco

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.93
Retrieved Text: Description: Updated episode, we apologize for the hosting error! Enjoy!
In the early 1800's the Duke de Choiseul-Praslin, was suspected of murdering his wife. However, a vial of arsenic and a corrupt government would prevent justice from being served. The injustice evident in this case drove the French lower-class into a frenzy that would eventually lead to the revolution.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.904228
Retrieved Text: The back of the document reads in Russian and French: “На площади жертв Революции” – “Sur la place des victimes de la Révolution” – [“On the Square of the Victims of the Revolution”]. Black and white photograph; 11 x 15.5 cm.
1After the adjournment of the short opening session at the Tauride Palace (as the official record tells us), “the delegates set out for the Field of Mars, accompanied by a huge crowd of workers, soldiers, and sailors in an endless procession. At the grave of fighters for the revolution, they lay a wreath bearing the inscription ‘The Second Congress of the Communist International of proletarians of all countries – to brothers fallen in the struggle for communism’.
2An overview of the procession can be seen here with delegates pulling a giant wreath. The delegate in the front of the procession in the center of the picture is the romantic American radical John Reed whose Ten Days That Shook the World is a classic account of the Russian Revolution. Reed is the only American to be buried in the walls of the Kremlin.
3The Field of Mars is a large park in the center of Petrograd that became a memorial location for victims of the revolution immediately after the February Revolution in 1917 (that is, when the Bolsheviks were still a small minority). The procession there in March 1917 honoring those who fell in the February Revolution had been, no doubt, the largest mass procession seen in Russia up to that time. The solemn re-enactment of that procession among

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us Did the reviewer find this movie good or bad?

Target Text: good

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.00132
Retrieved Text: Taking inspiration from the horrific stories of Jaycee Lee Dugard, Natascha Kampusch and Elisabeth Fritzl, actress and writer Rosie MacPherson’s new solo show is lent unwelcome topicality by the recent Ariel Castro abduction case.
Much like these women, her character is kept captive in the darkened anterooms of a house by a man who abuses her. An area of this prison is in her mind, her captor having assured her that by consenting to the abuse, she’s saving other girls from the same fate. She converses through the walls with girls in adjoining rooms who we never hear answer back, but she assures us he never abuses them.
The devil, quite literally, is in the detail, as MacPherson and director Ed Lilly (astonishingly, this is the award-winning short film director’s first stage production) have crafted a work which hits every beat beautifully.
We get to know the girl she once was, practising Spice Girls routines and nervously preparing for her school disco; the human she struggles to remain; and the perfectly wrought state midway between bargaining and anger that her life has become.
She believes the door has been charged with “enough volts to kill a horse”, that her video diaries are sent to her mother over the internet, and the fact she hasn’t been rescued a sign of her mother’s agreement that her sacrifice is right. “But where is the internet?” she puzzles as she looks at the ageing tape recorder.
It’s an incredibly powerful and emotional piece, which doesn’t flinch from the unthinkable, yet there’s also a haunting, tender

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.897125
Retrieved Text: Inspired by the tragic events of a true story, Blood Wedding is a haunting tale of love, deceit, fate and vengeance.
A mother; still grieving for the loss of her husband who was stabbed and killed during a feud with the rival Felix family, finds her son is due to marry an ex-lover of a Felix.
But he is happy to let the past rest, for love... for now.
Set in 1930s Spain, the old feud is stirred up by rumours and whispering surrounding the marriage linking families to their turbulent warring history. The younger generation has put love above all and sets the past in the past, with plans for the future to unite and harmonise.
But when tradition and expectations are so at odds with instinct, our young bride is torn between her desire and her duty. Her subsequent actions create a ferocious chain of events which will end in an irrevocably cruel climax.
In 2005 Tanya Ronder premiered her reimagining of Blood Wedding to critical acclaim. Her “poetic and dreamlike” text (British Theatre Guide 2005) “retains its beautifully crafted phrases but releases primary poetic responsibility to the production as a whole” (Terri Paddock What’s On Stage 2005). This is the first showing of that text since its debut.
Aria Entertainment, experienced with works exploring love, duty and familial bonds has previously produced adaptations of Sophie Kinsella’s Sleeping Arrangements and a revival of lost musical, Children of Eden.
With Blood Wedding the company takes Ronder’s stylised and emotive scripting of this classic tragedy, made all the more expressive by a specially

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.671478
Retrieved Text: It’s England’s most famous haunting on this week’s Last Podcast! Join us on part one as we follow the trials and tribulations of the Hodgson family during an almost two year encounter that features verbal poltergeist interaction, apparitions, and multiple well-meaning mediums.
On the conclusion to the series, we cover the infamous voice that overtook both girls in the Hodgson home, the levitation that shocked a nation, and the unfortunate excreta development that finally drove the family to the edge.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.43056
Retrieved Text: In 'The Doll', a waterlogged notebook is washed ashore. Its pages tell a dark story of obsession and jealousy. But the fate of its narrator is a mystery.
Most of the stories in this haunting collection were written early in Daphne du Maurier's career - when she was still in her early twenties - yet they display her mastery of atmosphere, tension and intrigue and reveal a cynicism far beyond her years.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.035519
Retrieved Text: Welcome Lovelies and thanks for downloading a very special episode of Final Girls Horrorcast! This week The Girls go through the first 5 episodes of Mike Flanagan’s super popular Netflix series ‘The Haunting of Hill House’.
Be sure to download episode 106 to hear us continue our discussion on ‘The Haunting of Hill House’. Episode is available to download now!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.892298
Retrieved Text: She makes babies clothes for the sleeping children.
That’s why she walks the fence line.
Knuckle bones pressed white against paper skin.
A beautiful character study, Carol. I love it when a few vivid details give a glimpse into a life and make me want more.
Thank you. It was a tight word limit so I was keen to try and pack as much punch as I could with the words available.
Haunting. It gave me chills..
Found your story rather haunting, imagined your woman was feeling cold winds. Touching.
Thank you for reading. I’m glad to hear you connected with the story.
Thank you Sammi. The prompt really struck a chord as it drew up so many childhood memories from living on a farm with sheep.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.737446
Retrieved Text: SYNOPSIS: The classic supernatural thriller by an author who helped define the genre. First published in 1959, Shirley Jackson’s The Haunting of Hill House has been hailed as a perfect work of unnerving terror. It is the story of four seekers who arrive at a notoriously unfriendly pile called Hill House: Dr. Montague, an occult scholar looking for solid evidence of a “haunting;’ Theodora, his lighthearted assistant; Eleanor, a friendless, fragile young woman well acquainted with poltergeists; and Luke, the future heir of Hill House. At first, their stay seems destined to be merely a spooky encounter with inexplicable phenomena. But Hill House is gathering its powers—and soon it will choose one of them to make its own.
I love a good classic horror tale, and when it comes to ones like The Haunting of Hill House, they are especially fascinating because you can see so much of modern horror reflected back in elements of these stories. Shirley Jackson is considered by many to be the original queen of horror and, if not the creator, at the very least the author most responsible for making the haunted house trope popular. Given that it’s my favorite horror trope, you can imagine the excitement and apprehension I felt over finally picking this book up.
First and foremost, Shirley Jackson’s writing was positively incredible. I love horror writing that doesn’t always make sense, that leaves much to the imagination and constantly has you wondering what really just happened, and that sums up The Haunting of Hill House in a nutshell. The

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.732552
Retrieved Text: Featured Review:The Wicked Deep by Shea Ernshaw!
Hocus Pocus and Practical Magic meets the Salem Witch trials in this haunting story about three sisters on a quest for revenge—and how love may be the only thing powerful enough to stop them. Welcome to the cursed town of Sparrow… Where, two centuries ago, three sisters were sentenced to death for witchery. Stones were tied to their ankles and they were drowned in the deep waters surrounding the town. Now, for a brief time each summer, the sisters return, stealing the bodies of three weak-hearted girls so that they may seek their revenge, luring boys into the harbor and pulling them under. Like many locals, seventeen-year-old Penny Talbot has accepted the fate of the town. But this year, on the eve of the sisters’ return, a boy named Bo Carter arrives; unaware of the danger he has just stumbled into. Mistrust and lies spread quickly through the salty, rain-soaked streets. The townspeople turn against one another. Penny and Bo suspect each other of hiding secrets. And death comes swiftly to those who cannot resist the call of the sisters. But only Penny sees what others cannot. And she will be forced to choose: save Bo, or save herself.
The promise of a novel filled with the essence of both Practical Magic and Hocus Pocus is fulfilled by reading Shea Ernshaw's debut novel, The Wicked Deep. Within these pages is a story filled with regret, revenge, lies, and most of all, love. And every bit of this summertime story is just

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.605219
Retrieved Text: In Afghanistan today, there is no social issue more controversial than women’s rights. And nothing cuts to the heart of the matter more than the education of young girls because nothing so radically threatens to change a deeply patriarchal society than rising generations of educated women.
In 2009, when Razia Jan, a visionary and fearless educator, arrived in the war-blasted village of Deh’Subz to open the Zabuli Education Center, she placed herself at the center of her country’s turmoil. As recounted in the new documentary by GroundTruth Films director Beth Murphy, “What Tomorrow Brings,” Jan faced families and village elders hostile to female education, threat of Taliban violence and the haunting question of what would happen when U.S. forces withdrew.
To sustain herself, Razia had her own resourcefulness, the passion of her teachers and, perhaps most surprisingly in a conservative rural setting, the free-spirited determination of the girls themselves to get an education. “What Tomorrow Brings” has its national broadcast premiere on the PBS documentary series POV on Monday, Oct. 31, 2016 at 10 p.m. ET.
Murphy’s adaptation of “What Tomorrow Brings” was a central part of the multimedia project “Foreverstan: Afghanistan and the Road to Ending America’s Longest War,” which this year was recognized with a National Edward R. Murrow Award. GroundTruth Films assistant director Nathan Tisdale was co-producer on the film and an editor on Foreverstan.
Murphy talked about her journey to make the film.
“I started filming in 2009, shortly after the Zabuli Girls’ School opened,” said Murphy. “My final shoot was in December 2015 for the school’s

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.555618
Retrieved Text: A three-day anthology of remote, highly interactive theatrical encounters for a solo participant. Over the course of three encounters – EXCIEO, COLLECT CALL, and NOW N’ LATER – participants forged intimate and immediate connections, exploring themes of fortune, justice, death, and forgiveness.
Crossed Wires featured the voices of Evan Neiden, Jonathan Connolly, Natalie Welber, Jack Drummond, and Harrison O’Callaghan. This remote experience transpired via phone calls and text messages.
"...and as the wind through the trees whispered your fate, it blew the last candle out."
A single Instagram account with the username lastcandlearx drew fifty curious individuals into the enigmatic world of Kerzenhaus Psychiatric Hospital. Those who followed the trailhead received, among other things, periodic phone calls – pieces of a fractured fairy tale – conveyed by a mysterious patient called ‘Apprentice.’ Participants interacted with a real-time, customized narrative, ever grappling with their definitions of morality. Ultimately, when the tale met its untimely conclusion, participants were faced with the question: When searching for something as meaningful as justice, what's left if you don't like what you find?
lastcandlearx featured the voices of Evan Neiden, Jonathan Connolly, and John Ertman. This remote experience transpired via phone calls, Slack, emails, and instant messaging.
An interview with the creator, conducted by Taylor Winters of Haunting, can be found here.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.53194
Retrieved Text: The unsettling soul of Martha Marcy May Marlene is best captured by its enigmatic bookends. A seemingly inscrutable title effectively conveys the absolute loss of identity suffered by its female protagonist, followed by an open-ended denouement that – while certain to frustrate audiences – nonetheless leaves little doubt about the young girl’s ultimate fate.
In between is a haunting, harrowing tale that shares parallels with Winter’s Bone, last year’s indie awards darling, beyond their shared Sundance Institute genesis and the common casting of John Hawkes. Both films use rural settings and anxious atmospherics to tell the tales of young women grappling with a loss of family and innocence, along with the sinister forces that fill the void.
Writer-director Sean Durkin rotates between two timelines, at times cutting away within scenes and even single shots, in the life of Martha (Elizabeth Olsen), a young woman who flees a controlling cult located in the Catskill Mountains during the film’s opening scene. A desperate Martha telephones Katie (Maria Dizzia), her older sister, who brings Martha to live with her and newlywed husband Ted (Hugh Dancy) at the couple’s lakeside Connecticut vacation home.
The narrative swings between Martha’s attempt to assimilate into her sister’s life after a two-year absence and flashbacks to Martha’s introduction and eventual indoctrination into the cruel cult run by Patrick (Hawkes), the group’s Mansonic leader. Durkin’s depiction of life at the commune is both clever and disconcerting, a slow immersion that emulates Patrick’s hold over his cadre of subservient women. When Martha is introduced to Patrick, his seemingly harmless

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.52738
Retrieved Text: A personal account of a haunted Airbnb I stayed in and a parking angels miracle on an airport runway.
The conclusion of the paranormal memoir Waking Spirits.
A penny charm is a ritual of blessing with the spirits in your house.
Most hauntings, or what we call ghosts, are probably psychic echoes. Residual energy. They’re like moving gifs or image loops. I had a haunting experience unlike most psychic echoes — a type of temporal phenomenon I hadn't considered before as the possible origin point for a ghost.
When I was in the fourth grade, my family lived in a haunted house. This is the third and final episode in a three-part audio series "Tales of a Fourth Grade Haunting."
When I was in the fourth grade, my family lived in a haunted house. This is the second in a three-part audio series "Tales of a Fourth Grade Haunting."
In 1978, my family moved into a haunted house. This is the first in a three-part audio series "Tales of a Fourth Grade Haunting."

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.422443
Retrieved Text: Turn on the TV and you’ll hear every manner of learned comments on the day’s dreary news, subtleties beyond measure. But the bottom line becomes clearer every day: as the world goes to hell in a breadbasket, most of its inhabitants clamoring in vain for power brakes.
The world’s leaders may be competing for power, but knowing they cannot fix the mess they’ve created, all turn to their respective police and military, in an ultimate us against them. Known to some as Armageddon, the what, where, when and how are frivolous details that merely justify the paychecks of talking heads.
Political leaders once competed for land, then they competed over ideology, now any issue will do, and brinkmanship is down to its last chips.
Africa teams with refugees from famine and wars, but the U.N. has to beg permission of governments to open camps, as in the case with Kenya, reported by the BBC yesterday. When the powerful flaunt their gains, the underlings follow suit. Everyone is in the game, but the ultimate stakes are human survival on a planet that has seen eons of turmoil, and is indifferent to our fate.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.37226
Retrieved Text: The haunting of the Phelps poltergeist in the mid-19th century is regarded as one of the most notorious cases in recent(ish) history. Reverand Dr. Eliakim Phelps lived with his wife and four children (2 girls aged 16 and 6 and 2 boys aged 11 and 3) at the mansion in Stratford, Conneticut.
Apparently the Rev may have accidentally been that catalyst for the haunting by opening a seance and receiving various rapping & banging noises in reply to his questions... The disturbances started a few days later when the family returned home from church to find the entire house ransacked, furniture, food & expensive china strewn everywhere.
Also they found a "corpse" made from clothing laid out in the middle of the floor. Following this, objects moved about in front of various witnesses, mainly small objects such as cutlery, keys and nails. Furniture also moved around of its own accord and over $100 worth of windows and marble topped tables were smashed.
The family even reported the unusual sensation of the house literally "shaking". Even stranger was the appearance of 11 life sized figures made from clothing and cushions. They were displayed in devotional poses with bibles open in front of them, with a centrally placed dwarf-like figure and a final figure suspended above "as though flying through the air".
On one occasion the Reverend turned away from his writing desk, only to hear someone writing. He turned back to find someone had scrawled "very nice paper and ink for the devil" onto his papers. The eldest son experience levitation,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.32682
Retrieved Text: Horizontal tongue and groove redwood fence with 3 tier post cap (cap optional).
This picture shows 2 of our most popular fences. Front yard fence is 42" in height which is code in most cities. This horizontal fence gives your front yard an open look. The gap can be chosen by owner. Backyard fence is a 1x6"x6" Redwood tongue and grove for ultimate privacy, complete with walk-gate. All posts set in concrete.
Dress your gates up with 1/2" strips for pennies.
These 1x6”x6’ tongue and groove double-driveway gates, are trimmed with 1x2 strip and post caps.
Open lattice on wall, redwood tongue and groove on walk gate, redwood post on wall with optional cap.
Stay out pooches! Painted white with square 22 guage metal.
Ranch style 1x8 redwood fence with exposed 4x4 redwood post set in concrete.
1x6 clear redwood (no knots) s4s horizontal fence with rolling gate made and welded from scratch from 1 1/2 square black powdered coated 14 gauge metal on galvanized v-track and 4” wheels.
Backside of 1x6 redwood horizontal gates on rollers.
Corral Redwood gates with heavy duty frame.
This Redwood fence provides an inexpensive way to get more height. The total height for this fence is 7 feet.
This fence takes 1x6"x6" Redwood dog ear boards with alternating 1x2" for open but yet closed style.
We also build drive-way gates. This one here is an 1x6"x6' horizontal tongue and groove redwood for ultimate privacy. Built on a power coated 14 guage black wrought iron for strength and longevity.
Personalize your yard with a 1x6” redwood horizontal fence. This particular fence is stained brown.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.246674
Retrieved Text: This statement by dr p mule (sic) on behalf of the collective, et al. is a telling introduction to the show by this New Zealand group entitled Maintenance of Social Solidarity.
Hanging from each easel is a set of headphones with soundtrack, the overlaid digitised voices immediately reminiscent of Stephen Hawking. These voices relay excerpts of speeches from key figures in the current war in Iraq, the war in Afghanistan and responses to 9/11. Stripping the actual voice and intonation of the speakers—George W Bush and Osama Bin Laden are featured—places each on the same platform for debate without the prejudice or limitation associated with language or accent. While the idea is interesting, there is a generic quality to the soundtrack –I quickly return the headphones—I feel like I’ve heard it before, another exhibition, other artists.
The remaining elements in the show hang together as one. In the centre of the room a cyclone fence encloses a large projection screen. Twelve chairs sit under a spotlight in their own cell—taped markings on the floor—as if to house a jury or audience at an execution. A desk is lit by a bare bulb like a monitoring station in the midst of the gloom. The chairs and desk also suggest presences that watch and wait. Three more easels sit beside the twelve chairs and on the wall behind them is a grid of images that map mathematical equations, again, defaced by loose, hand written text.
Within the fenceline, the projections are from Google Earth. In digitised tones I hear—“Stockholm”, “Cairo”, “Frankfurt”,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.150745
Retrieved Text: This week saw the release of Twice Told Tales by the 10,000 Maniacs. A follow-up to their 2013 release Music from the Motion Picture. The current line up featuring lead vocals by Mary Ramsey and consisting of Dennis Drew, Steve Gustafson, Jerry Augustyniak, and Jeff Erickson are joined by original member John Lombardo. The album is made up entirely of traditional folk songs that originated in the British Isles and influenced what ultimately became the 10,000 Maniacs sound.
The album opens with “Lady Mary Ramsay I” an entirely instrumental track featuring the viola followed by “The Song of Wandering Aengus” an a Capella performance of the poem by William Butler Yeates. It is when we reach the third track “She Moved Through the Fair” that we hear the band in full form. Here and throughout the album the band infuses each song with their signature sound.
Mary’s understated vocals and a somewhat somber melody on this rendition of Dark Eyed Sailor easily conjures a feeling of longing yet restrained optimism. Misty Moisty Morning shows no such restraint as the band presents an enthusiastic and playful rendering of this tale of new love. While Canadee-I-O provides an enjoyable yet cautionary tale to young girls regarding false love.
The mood shifts a bit with Greenwood Sidey, a stark composition about infanticide and Scottish folklore. On the mournful “Carrickfergus” Mary’s haunting lilt skillfully paints a portrait of loss and despair. And finally a sorrowful “Death of Queen Jane” recounts the events surrounding the death of a queen during childbirth.
Wild Mountain Thyme quietly

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.116255
Retrieved Text: Let’s talk for a moment about haunted houses. I got to thinking about them recently when a friend confided in me that whenever she saw a Facebook post from a real estate agency advertising a house for sale, she liked to write “Haunted as f–k!” in the comment section to try to bring housing prices down. Altruistic as this may be, I must say that I sympathize with people who are terrified of the idea of moving into a haunted house.
As a vagabond, I move quite frequently. Since leaving home, I have not lived in the same apartment for more than 3 years. On average, I usually move after two. During those first few nights in a new home, I am not above admitting that I do leave a light on when I go to bed and do not begin turning it off until I feel assured that I will not see, feel, or hear something other-wordly. Funny how it’s those three senses that scare us the most. We never seem too concerned about smell or taste. Oh, sure, if it’s particularly foul, we will try to eradicate the source, but we seldom associate these things with the spirit realm. We often hear of hauntings that are accompanied by a foul smell, a stench like “rotting flesh” or just “death,” but the smell alone is never enough to send people packing. And I have yet to hear of a haunting that is accompanied by a terrifying flavor.
I have a theory that ghosts are an emotional imprint,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.077887
Retrieved Text: I finally made it out of China - got back at the end of June. We were quarantined for one of the two weeks we were there. The hotel they had us in would have been an ideal setting for a haunting; it even had a faint odor of death... Earlier this month we had a death in my own family which took some time out of our busy schedule. When looking into the very face of death, you know unequivocally you're alive. Trailing behind that same thought however, is the realization that you too are destined for the same fate. It's a curious dichotomy.
We're still on schedule for a late September issue and the line-up is looking great! We've also got custom cover art for issue two that looks especially enticing. I'll reveal more about it in a future post. All of my being is focused on the next issue and it's the perfect task to throw myself into. Any revisions or corrections to the current line-up of work will be sent out to authors for approval in the next couple weeks.
Sorry to hear about the loss in your family. Yes, a situation like that does make you look inward about your mortality and want to do more while you're still here. On that note, also sorry to hear your vacation was hacked in half. Better luck next trip.
Thank you for the comment. The death wasn't sudden and was more of a relief than anything else and the trip was part business and part vacation

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.981678
Retrieved Text: Christmas decorations and a small tree frame the Mother Emanuel AME Church after the federal trial of Dylann Roof who was found guilty of 33 counts including hate crimes in Charleston, South Carolina December 15, 2016.
Dylann Roof has decided to represent himself in front of the jury that will decide whether he is to live or die and forego the assistance of the skilled capital defense attorneys that represented him during the guilt phase of his trial. His reasons for going it alone are unclear since the court hearings on the subject have been closed to the public. Roof may have delusions of being a martyr for the cause of white supremacy, or perhaps he does not want evidence of mental illness to be brought to light. Whatever his motivation, the judge has ruled that Roof has a right to represent himself because the Supreme Court has said that the Constitution generally provides an accused the right to be his own lawyer given that it his fate at stake.
This idea of the right to control one’s fate echoes a romantic vision of those who settled America as self-sufficient individuals willing to stand up to the Government on their own. This notion is perhaps appealing enough to tolerate the reality that representation by counsel is sometimes the difference between whether a defendant goes free or goes to jail. But to allow self-representation at the penalty phase of a capital case is constitutionally perverse, as it ignores the rights of the often-overlooked individuals who play a central role

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.965488
Retrieved Text: The element most often remembered about Picnic at Hanging Rock is the ending, which refuses closure to the mysterious behind the events within the film. The film is faithfully based on the Joan Lindsay novel, a paperbook copy of which is included in this fantastic dual-edition Blu-ray/DVD release from The Criterion Collection. Apparently taken from true events, the film follows the disappearance of several students and a chaperone on an all-female college picnic outing on St. Valentine’s Day at the turn of the twentieth century.
With a purposefully minimalist plot, much of Weir’s film relies on mood and atmosphere to insert ideas and insinuations into the audience’s mind. Rather than tell the audience what might have happened to the missing girls, or even allow other characters to discuss the horrific possibilities, Weir leaves much to the viewer’s imagination. This somehow makes for a much more haunting film, approached like horror despite a lack of distinct violence or attacks. The way in which Weir films the location of their disappearance, Hanging Rock, clearly gives us the film’s monster. Mountains with face-like shapes are filmed alongside an eerie soundtrack of pan flute and haunting sound effects. Before the girls depart for their trip, they are warned that it is a dangerous area for many reasons. Never actually seeing the specific dangers makes the anxiety of the location even more haunting.
This is the ultimate release for fans of this film, not only including the previously out-of-print novel and several formats to view the film in, but also with all-new special

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.934345
Retrieved Text: Ever since I first heard the opening music for HOCUS POCUS I knew that I would be a fan of John Debney. He has the ability to create wonderful atmospheres and to invent auras within his music, enhancing wonderfully the numerous motion pictures that he has worked upon with his original and eclectic style. That is why it is so easy to appreciate and to also like his music; the composer always produces a work or a piece of music that holds something for everyone and every taste. DREAM HOUSE is a horror tale and “yes” the composer does lay down some pretty fearsome music within this score that chills and purveys a feeling of uneasiness. But there is also a romantic sound present within the work and also an emotion to the soundtrack that is poignant and haunting rather than fearful and frightening. The opening track ‘Dream House’ is a luxurious and blossoming composition that is touching and heartrending. It begins with a childlike sounding solo voice, which itself immediately creates an atmosphere of unease. As the composition moves on, the composer employs woodwind, piano, and strings which combine to bring us a rather touchingly delicate lullaby of sorts - in fact one would think that everything in the dream house is just that, dreamy and at peace. The string section take on the theme mid-way through the composition adds a sumptuous and rich layer to the piece. The theme that is briefly encountered within the opening cue is given a fuller and even more

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.878975
Retrieved Text: Ooh! Exciting! I can’t wait! I’m eager to hear the story behind Feral’s eye and the mystery of Meela and her family.
Oh my, maybe this is the last dream sequence?
Well, this can only lead to good…..right? >> << Bad feelin's…Maybe we will find out what is wrong with Meela?
Oh my gawsh! Feels! I have them!
Well, this doesn’t bode well.
This cover is so dramatic, yet so simple… I can’t wait to see what’s in store.
wow, you guy’s know how to be so simple… yet so captivating!
Two days left, I hope I can wait that long!
Well that triggered a Sabaton song in my head.
Some seriously powerful imagery here. I mean, we know absolutely nothing about the significance of what we’re seeing, yet it’s just so wonderfully, amazingly haunting…and super-memorable because of it.
As I’ve said in the past, there really is a sense of tragic beauty to this story, and the atmosphere of nostalgia-tinged melancholy you often get from it is just something that it does so very, very well.
It sure looks like it, and even if it isn’t the exact same one, it’s clearly still one of the toys Tannor would make for her…but why are we seeing it in the context of this particular flashback sequence? We saw it once at the very beginning of the comic, sure, but I don’t recall it being given much if any story significance since then.
That might be about to change, though…obviously Feral’s past and Meela’s past intersect at some point–we’ve known this much for some time–and now that it’s looking

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.737099
Retrieved Text: So..Do you believe in FATE?
Office coffee times are amazing, gossipping mostly 🙂 But sometimes we hit on rather serious topics, and one such question – whether we believe in fate?
Fate,Destiny,Life and God are closely associated.Being a firm believer of Islam,I believe in the supreme power above us.But still when people ask whether I believe in fate,I wonder whether I do.Problem is everyone has their own concepts about all of these.
You may hold fate responsible for your failure,but take the credit yourself over the victory. Doesn’t make sense,right?
We say that everything,both good and bad things happen for a reason. But if God wanted to, he could stop all the bad things.Everyone in this earth would believe in him,and continue living as he wants.There would be no terrorists or rapists or prostitues. Nobody would go to hell. Infact there wouldn’t be any need of a hell if everything goes so smooth. Fortunately or unfortunately that’s not how it is. He has created all of us different – in looks, thoughts and talents. He has blessed all of us with the ability to understand and reason, with enough knowledge to differentiate good and bad,right and wrong.
Having said all that,I still think there are certain things in life which are beyond our control.
But marriage is not a blessing for all.A friend got married to a pshycho for no fault of hers’.
A couple whom we know, were not blessed with children.No fault of theirs’.But later adopted an orphan girl and changed her life for the good.
So I still stand confused and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.727089
Retrieved Text: Last Thursday, the High Court of Justice ruled unanimously on two ostensibly unconnected cases: one about planning and building and carrying out demolition orders in the West Bank; and another about the rules of engagement in Gaza.
Justices Noam Solberg, Yael Willner and Anat Baron approved expelling the population of the West Bank Palestinian village of Khan al-Ahmar and razing their homes in one case and court President Esther Hayut, Vice President Hanan Melcer and Justice Neal Hendel decided in the other not to intervene in the killing of dozens of Palestinian demonstrators and the injury of thousands along the Gaza border fence.
Nothing new there, seemingly. For decades, the Supreme Court justices have granted legitimacy to practically any injustice that Israel wishes to cause to the Palestinians: demolishing their homes, administrative arrests, revoking residency rights, seizing land, constraining their movement. Still, it isn’t every day that six of the 15 Supreme Court justices sign off on rulings on the fate of Palestinian subjects that boil down to approving crimes.
At the many hearings in recent years about Palestinian villages that the state has wanted to destroy, expelling their residents — a matter that, inconveniently enough, is considered a war crime — so far, the justices have rolled their eyes, adding something for the record about the need to find alternatives for the people before agreeing to ruin their lives. Now even that lip service has vanished.
And with that, the curtain fell on the legal show, which included four petitions by settlers demanding that the homes and schools of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.719187
Retrieved Text: In life, making decisions is one of the unescapable things that we have to do on a daily basis. For girls, one of those toughest decisions is how to style our hair. Seriously! The struggle is real, especially for girls with curly hair; they are the real heroines. Dealing with your curly hair is like a ghost that keeps haunting you, you’ll never be able to escape from it.
Being one of the curly hair gene victims, I have realized that taking care of your curly hair is like taking care of your baby. You have to look after it, pamper and nourish it. If by chance you neglect it for a while, you’ll be amazed by how angry it gets. And trust me, you don’t want to see it angry.
In tribute to all people who have curly hair, you’re not alone. We all share the same following struggles.
Curls and humidity don’t mix, ever. We get scared whenever we hear: summering in the North Coast. You know it, it’s the time when humidity takes over.
People have no clue of how curly hair looks like if brushed while it’s still dry. Just a big ball of undefined frizzy hair. That’s why we never touch our curls when they’re dry.
For some reason, sea salt makes the perfect curls, the defied curls that we daydream about every day. It aches our hearts to have to wash it afterwards.
You’re always on a mission trying to find out which product best suits the needs of your curly hair. You try millions of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.479202
Retrieved Text: Beware! This sublime feature film co-directed by Ben Howling and Yolanda Ramke for Netflix, starring Martin Freeman and co-starring Anthony Hayes and Susie Porter, with a two-thumbs-up supporting cast, can snare you as it did this reviewer in a persistent loop of benign obsessive compulsion. Every time I hear CARGO’s rhythmic and haunting soundtrack end credits, I want to see the film. That makes me want to hear the soundtrack end credits again and that makes me want to see the film again – setting off a psychological urge that that won’t be denied until I eventually chill out – until it all begins again.
The best zombie movies, with their eyeful of pestilence, decay and degradation, are metaphors for the apocalyptic end of days of a consumer society morphed into the ultimate consumer society, whose citizens, shorn of humanity, form roaming, ravenous herky-jerky mobs on savage hunts for the next bite. The best films end on an ironic note or with a denouement clearly ambivalent about the future.
Regarding CARGO, however, 2018 TFF staff reviewer Matt Barone nailed it when he wrote that the film exists on another plain of imagination. “Filmmakers Ben Howling and Yolanda Ramke defy genre fans’ zombie-based expectations with their co-directing debut. Cargo pulls no punches in its intensity, yet the duo’s thoughtful film offers a deep, emotional meditation on intimate issues, like a parent’s love, as well as larger themes, like environmental protection and cultural strife. Injecting fresh life into zombie cinema’s often cold bloodstream, Cargo is tailor-made for sophisticated horror fans.”

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.473429
Retrieved Text: You will find great deal of things guys accomplish that girls hate. And girls from Ukraine are not any exclusion. It’s especially essential in 1st stages of dating. Here are the primary male character traits that Ukrainian women can’t stand. By recalling them, you will learn how to get a handle on your self and then make a favorable very first impression.
None of us can provide an absolute guarantee that we’ll find a way to satisfy all that individuals have actually prepared. Consequently, males seldom discuss their plans, also when it comes to day that is next although they could have currently looked at every thing on their own making choices. But Ukrainian women would prefer to hear clear responses, regardless if also they are perhaps perhaps maybe not completely confident in regards to the future. Constant excuses cause them to become stressed. The only thing that as a result stays is always to really and honestly speak about your plans and talk about feasible alternatives for action. You ought to be prepared because of this if you are planning to date a Ukrainian girl.
In the long run males start to just take their females for awarded, as they nevertheless consider by themselves a present of fate. And when they abruptly learn which you don’t think therefore, they become upset. a small trick: a bouquet of plants once per month will place every thing in its spot.
Psychologists state that guys are less susceptible to impulsive acquisitions than females. That’s why numerous brides that are ukrainian accuse

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.42569
Retrieved Text: We cover what'll be hot at festivals on both sides of the Atlantic.
Europe's busiest festival destination adds another huge event to its calendar.
On this side of the world, festival season is just beginning.
The British festival worked with The Loop to offer free tests to its clientele.
They're on the front line of festival culture, so we quizzed them about the future.
There are many DJs at ADE who are just starting to break through – but these are the ones to keep special tabs on.
In Photos: BoomTown Fair is the "Greatest Town On Earth"
This UK event builds its own wild frontier city for the ultimate festival adventure.
Diverse and full of pride, these are some of the thousands of beautiful faces from the Dutch mega-festival.
Proof that sunshine and summertime vibes can bring everyone together.
The "Island of Freedom" provides respite from a world dominated by divisive politics.
They'll make you go all gooey inside.
This Milkshake (festival) brings all the boys to the yard...and the girls...and everyone in between!
Holland's premier techno festival does it extraterrestrial style with amazing stages.
Four moments that prove there's still room for fun and innovation when promoting festivals.
What's hot in Europe during the year's hottest month?
When the weather's good and a festival's on, London is one of the best cities in the world.
It was a bombastic few days in the normally English countryside.
The grandaddy of music festivals proved that it's still possible to unite the nation's diverse population.
Where Does The UK Stand On Drug Awareness and Harm Reduction?
It's a conversation that more and more people are having, but

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.396955
Retrieved Text: Alita storms Nova’s laboratory alone, where she learns the horrifying secret of the Zalemites. When she gets trapped in Nova’s Ouroboros brain-trap, it turns into a battle of wills. Meanwhile, Den sieges the Scrapyard without his feared cannon. With each side battered, bruised, and near the end of the line, what will be the ultimate fate of our warriors?! At long last, the conclusion to Battle Angel Alita!!

================



