======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do I ready a guinea pig cage for it's new occupants?

Choice 1: Provide the guinea pig with a cage full of a few inches of bedding made of ripped paper strips, you will also need to supply it with a water bottle and a food dish.

Choice 2: Provide the guinea pig with a cage full of a few inches of bedding made of ripped jeans material, you will also need to supply it with a water bottle and a food dish.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 47.563896
Retrieved Text: Guinea pigs get bored just like any other animal. Therefore, you should find ways to entertain them, such as providing toys and creating a more interesting cage. Also, providing time outside of the cage every day will give your guinea pig some exercise as well as entertain them. Finally, providing food treats will help keep her diet interesting.
Crumple up a piece of paper. Use plain paper, and crumple it into a ball. Put in your guinea pig's cage, or let her play with it when she's out. It sounds too easy, but guinea pigs like the crumpling noise and will likely gnaw on it.
Create cheap cardboard tunnels. Cut up a wrapping paper tube into short lengths. Your guinea pig will toss it around and play with it. Just be sure to cut down the side so that your guinea pig doesn't get stuck inside.
Make a stuffed sock. Find an old sock, and stuff some of the guinea pig's clean bedding material inside. Tie off the sock on one end. Cut off the end of the sock. Your guinea pig will pull the pillow around her cage and chew on it.
Use ping-pong balls or tennis ball. While you're technically not making these toys, you likely have a few laying around the house. Just toss them in the cage, and let your guinea pig have fun.
Add tunnels and hiding spaces. Guinea pigs enjoy burrowing into their own personal cave or running through tunnels. You can use simple items such as cardboard tubes and small paper bags to keep

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.520477
Retrieved Text: how do I find neat names?
How to go about finding a vet?
guinea pig dali apparently on mend, again?
hamster cage Hammock pattern. . .
hamster cage Secure your cage doors!
ear infection, ear infections, inner ear infection degu sick am having rant!!!!
Do males hump each other?
degus loving nibbling a little to loveing!!!!
guinea pig, guinea pig food, pig food I got GROOMED!!!!!
chinchilla pellets, guinea pig, guinea pig food, guinea pig pellets, guinea pig rescue, pet supplies, pig food, vet tech help please NO PET STORES HAVE THE RIGHT degu food!?!?!
dandelion greens, guinea pig, guinea pig pellets, romaine lettuce, timothy hay Veggies for picky eaters?
male rat no, no, no, no shoot shoot shoot!!!!!!!!
guinea pig "Popcorning" behavior in Degus?
chinchilla pellets, dandelion greens, degu food, guinea pig, guinea pig food, guinea pig mix, guinea pig pellets, pig food, sunflower seeds, timothy hay what should i feed my degu?
chew toy, chew toys Safe Chew Toys ? ?
vet visit Average life span/special care for aging Degus?
chinchilla pellets, guinea pig, guinea pig pellets, pumpkin seeds, romaine lettuce, seed mix, sunflower seeds, timothy hay New degu names?!?!
dark brown, degu care Oh my, I'm a grandmother!
dust bath Creating a digging pit?
nesting material Favorite nesting material?
Update on my 8 baby goos.
I'm a Grandma once more!
cardboard box, cardboard boxes, chinchilla pellets, dust bath, exotic pets, fish tank, hermit crab, hermit crabs, pet owner, pet store, pet stores, sit still, timothy hay I Need Help!!
chinchilla pellets, dandelion greens, degu food, guinea pig, guinea pig food, guinea pig pellets, pet store, pig food, romaine lettuce, timothy hay Degu deit??
aspen shavings, dried pine,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.07283
Retrieved Text: gerty guinea pig, guinea pig, guinea pig food, guinea pig pellets, hagen guinea pig pellets, pet food, pig food What Guinea Pig Food?
Cuddling and Possible Eye Injury?
dust bath, local pet shop, pet food, pet shop Where do you buy your dust bath?
chinchilla pellets, dandelion greens, degu food, gerty guinea pig, guinea pig, guinea pig excel biscuits, guinea pig food, guinea pig mix, guinea pig pellets, hagen guinea pig pellets, health food store, pig food, pumpkin seeds, romaine lettuce, timothy hay What's in your Degu mix?
alfalfa hay, guinea pig, guinea pig mix, guinea pig pellets, romaine lettuce picky eater!
going back to my home town!!
animal control Forever Home Found!
food bowl, food bowls, gold fish, separate cages, sit still fuzzy needs a friend!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg!! Its a friend for my baby!!!!!!!!!!
guinea pig, pet store, pet stores, sit still I've never heard of a Degu before!
shredded wheat, wire cage Going Outside!!!
canned food, dust bath alot of heat...iced water bottle?
vet visit help! with degu antibiotics. drug names?!
rabbit food, rabbit pellets should I get some?
pet shop, pet store Illegal?
aspen shavings, cage cleaning, dried pine, kiln dried, kiln dried pine, local pet store, pet store, pet stores, pine shavings, timothy hay, wood shavings "Super Shavin's" bedding?
exotic vet, guinea pig, sugar glider, sugar gliders Gooey eye. please help!
cage cleaning, doing fine, dust bath, food bowl, food bowls, guinea pig, guinea pig cage, pet store Ugh, what a long day.
sunflower seeds Do Degus dream?????
alfalfa hay, food bowl, gerty guinea pig, guinea pig, guinea pig food, guinea pig pellets, pig food, timothy hay Timothy Hay= More Fibre?
baby birds,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.146362
Retrieved Text: Welcome to our guinea pig gift ideas page!
Packed full of things for those who love guinea pigs, we have found lots of guinea pig related goods, guinea pig facts, guinea pig gifts and guinea pig fun for you. You can kit yourself out with guinea pig merchandise or buy a guinea pig present for a guinea pig obsessed friend.
Pennine Indoor Guinea Pig Cage. The ideal starter home, the indoor guinea pig cage has a traditional design featuring a plastic base and cage top.
One Christmas Eve a parcel falls from Santa's sleigh and lands in a small garden shed inhabited by three pets: Archie the rabbit, Duke the guinea pig and Babs the hamster. Determined to deliver the lost Christmas present by daybreak to its rightful owner, they embark on an exciting new adventure.
Ferplast Wooden Guinea Pig House. Easy to assemble wooden house. Ideal for use in outdoor runs or simply add to your existing cage.
Officially licensed films and movies maxi poster. Featuring the G-Force guinea pigs. Get ready for action with this image of America's Guinea Pigs, from the hit movie G-Force.
Remember to visit our blog for for even more gossip and facts about guinea_pigs!
Dancing Guinea Pig by Jo Starkey. Quirky design featuring a dancing guinea pig in a tutu. Ideal for children.
This fine art giclee print is based on a photograph entitled Guinea Pig and Ducklings from the Mirrorpix collection.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.068695
Retrieved Text: Have you decided to bring a guinea pig into your home? As pets go they are quite easy to care for, but there are still a few essential items you’ll need in order to ensure their health and happiness. If you’re planning to buy your guinea pig in a pet store, you’ll most likely be able to buy most of the following items when you pick up your new pet. If you’re adopting your guinea pig from a shelter (something I highly recommend), it’s best to have all these things on hand before bringing your new furry companion home with you.
There are guinea pig owners who allow their pets to roam freely in their homes, but that simply isn’t a practical option for most people. Therefore, finding a high-quality cage is the first step in preparing for the arrival of your new pet. Cages come in quite a few different varieties, but the most important consideration in selecting a cage is size. Guinea pigs need a lot of space. Even if you are able to let your piggies play on the floor, their cage needs to be large enough to allow them to run and play. You should try to have at least 7.5 sq. ft. of space for one guinea pig and 10.5 sq. ft. for two, but bigger is generally better when it comes to cages. It’s best to give your new pets the largest home you can accommodate.
For this reason, it’s important to be cautious when considering “Guinea Pig Starter Kits” that include

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.371845
Retrieved Text: Guinea pigs are grazing animals and need space to roam around and play. Although you can get large cages for your guinea pig from a pet store, a more cost-effective option is to build your own with cube storage grids and coroplast, also known as a C and C cage. C and C cages can be arranged in any shape and are easy to build in an afternoon. Once your cage is complete, you’ll have a new home your guinea pigs will love!
Purchase a set of cube storage grids. Storage grid cubes are easy-to-build metal storage options typically used for cheap shelving options. Look for cube grids that have openings between 1 1⁄2–2 1⁄2 in (3.8–6.4 cm). Make sure you have at least 12 grid pieces for your cage.
Storage grids can be purchased from your local superstore or online.
Guinea pigs may get stuck in openings that are 1 1⁄2 in (3.8 cm) or smaller and cause suffocation.
Lay the grid on the floor to make a rectangle that’s at least 7 1⁄2 sq ft (0.70 m2). Spread the grid pieces on a table or on the floor of the room where you plan on keeping your guinea pigs. Make sure the edges line up so that the cage doesn’t overlap. Measure the square footage of the base to confirm that it’s at least 7 1⁄2 sq ft (0.70 m2). This will form the base of your cage.
If you’re housing more than 2 guinea pigs, add 3 square feet (0.28 m2) for each additional animal.
Most grid pieces are

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.575043
Retrieved Text: About US is about YOU, too. Because it's the grass-roots acceptance of bigger cages for guinea pigs that has helped make the site and the ideas a success. Congratulations to you and please keep up the good work! Guinea pigs everywhere are thankful.
Teresa, measuring for a C&C cage during the Hollister rescue.
Cavy Spirit is a guinea pig rescue in San Mateo, California. Since 1999, approximately 1000 guinea pigs have been rehomed directly or indirectly through our rescue. The vast majority of them have needed transitional homes either in our rescue home or foster homes or other temporary locations.
attractive, so adopters would want to adopt our cavies!
We started with the cage that our inherited first guinea pig came with, a small metal cage with a metal pan. Then we moved up to an expensive SuperPet cage, the biggest and best we could find at the stores. Then as our guinea pig count grew, we bought more SuperPet cages and hacked the sides down and linked them together. That was very expensive, messy, and hard to clean.
Then we moved to a large, molded kiddy swimming pool. That large pool sat on top two 8-foot folding work tables that we placed next to each other lengthwise in our dining room. Next we added a three-level SuperPet cage at the outside end of the swimming pool and connected them with a large ramp. At that point, enough was enough and we decided to come up with our own, new design. We went to TAP Plastics, a local plastics store that

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.504417
Retrieved Text: guinea pig chews toys hamster fun gym wooden toy house small pet biting teeth.
guinea pig chews dog cat supply my pigs love to chew chewing on wooden cage.
guinea pig chews apple sticks pet snacks chew toys for pigs chinchilla can on their cage.
guinea pig chews gram organic apple sticks pet snacks bonus for chinchilla squirrel rabbits pigs hamster do chew metal.
guinea pig chews carrot patch rabbit chinchilla pet chew toy 3 ct on cage.
guinea pig chews crispy on everything.
guinea pig chews green grass chew toys for teeth.
guinea pig chews grooming kit with nail clippers and brushes chew sticks for your pigs my hair.
guinea pig chews small animal activity toy boredom breaker chew tube hamster rat toys for teeth.
guinea pig chews carousel chew toy carrot rabbit biting teeth.
guinea pig chews wooden interactive toy ball for small animals chew hamsters pigs do on things.
guinea pig chews a using wooden house as makeshift chew toy why does my hair.
guinea pig chews toys hamster fun gym wooden toy house small pet mice accessories for hamsters in from home garden can pigs chew on their cage.
guinea pig chews images do pigs chew metal.
guinea pig chews sent from my g play using do fabric.
guinea pig chews colorful small animal rabbit rat hamster wooden chew teething pack chewing on metal cage.
guinea pig chews whether you are looking for cages hideouts bedding feeders or ware has your rabbit do pigs chew metal.
guinea pig chews some pigs love to have access a cool ice pack in warm conditions fabric.
guinea pig chews small willow branch ball

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.170727
Retrieved Text: A good friend of mine adopted two guinea pigs who ended up having babies. Unknowingly we ha a male. We separated the father quickly. Then once the babies were two months old I came to her house and divided the babies into males and females.We slowly introduced two male babies to the father over the course of a week and they did fine.
It’s been almost two weeks since then and I got a phone call saying the father and a baby were biting chunks off of the runt. We tried saving him but he ended up dying. With part of his face eaten and legs partially torn off.
Is there any reason for this behavior? And should she be concerned that the two cannibles will end up eating each other as well in the future?
This is so unusual that I have to ask, "Are you absolutely certain these are guinea pigs and not hamsters?" I have never heard of a guinea pig killing and eating another pig. There is occasionally talk about a mother pig killing it's young but what usually happens is that a baby was born dead and the mother gets too carried away with cleaning up. Can you post some photos of the two males?
Ditto. That's what hamsters do.
I am 100% sure they are guinea pigs not hamsters. I just asked her to send me photos of the two.
I had a cousin tell me once about her boar killing and eating his babies. I believe they were in a 10 gallon fish tank and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.341084
Retrieved Text: small guinea pig hutch related post small indoor guinea pig cages for sale great and small guinea pig hutch.
small guinea pig hutch rabbit and guinea pig hutch small indoor guinea pig cages for sale great and small guinea pig hutch.
small guinea pig hutch cage small animal blossom guinea pig hutch small indoor guinea pig cages for sale.
small guinea pig hutch home sweet home guinea pig cage starter kit cheap small guinea pig cages small outdoor guinea pig hutch.
small guinea pig hutch guinea pig cages x large metal indoor rabbit guinea pig cage hutch stand toilet guinea pig cage two tier great and small guinea pig hutch small animal blossom guinea pig hutch.
small guinea pig hutch big bunny cages indoor rabbit pen best cage large guinea pig hutch pet small frame for giant small outdoor guinea pig hutch cheap small guinea pig cages.
small guinea pig hutch the hutch company guinea pig compatible small animal run small indoor guinea pig cage pets at home small animal blossom guinea pig hutch.
small guinea pig hutch small guinea pig cage setup great and small guinea pig hutch.
small guinea pig hutch small animal home green small guinea pig cages small guinea pig hutches uk.
small guinea pig hutch guinea pig cage small flies guinea pig cage small indoor guinea pig cages for sale.
small guinea pig hutch guinea pig cages comparison of three grid sizes cheap small guinea pig cages small outdoor guinea pig hutch.
small guinea pig hutch pets at home small animal blossom guinea pig hutch small guinea pig cages for sale.
small guinea

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.217316
Retrieved Text: Contact Alittlebitiffy Animal Sanctuary at Alittlebitiffy Animal Rescue to express your interest.
Another successful adoption - amazing work Alittlebitiffy Animal Rescue!
More successful adoptions - amazing work Alittlebitiffy Animal Rescue!
George, also affectionately called Boss, is a very dominant, 'I must be in charge' kind of pig. At approximately 2-3 years of age, George is large, proud, and ready to strut his stuff 24/7!. He's loud, happy and energetic, but despite his independent personality George can be nervous of loud noises and rapid movements, but he still enjoys seeing you go about your day. He deserves a calm and quiet home, with his cage preferably set up in an area where he can watch you while still avoiding loud noises such as the TV or kitchen appliances.
George and Sarge are available for adoption as a pair to a non-breeding, quiet, indoor home with no or older children, with supervised time in a secure outdoors enclosure when the weather permits. A minimum floor space of 10.5 square feet (a 2x4 C&C cage) is required, though the more space you can provide the better it is for play and exercise.
Their diet should consist of high quality grass hay available to them 24/7 for unlimited grazing, 1/8th of a cup of high quality pellets (such as Vetafarm or Oxbow) per pig, per day, and one cup of fresh vegetables per pig, per day. Please avoid mixes containing seeds and "coloured bits", which are incredibly unhealthy and can be a choking hazard. Do not feed any meat or dairy products, these can be

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.194233
Retrieved Text: Made to fit specifically into the WIDE LOFT sold at the Guinea Pig Cages Store.
Handcrafted and custom fit liners for the Wide Loft, sold at Guinea Pig Cages Store!
Uhaul pads are proven to be the best material for absorbing guinea pig and small pet urine with the least amount of smell and the best durability over time. 1000s of guinea pigs owners agree. ALL of our Cage Liners come with TWO layers of absorbent lining for MAXIMUM protection for your guinea pigs.
We take pride in making sure our products last over the long haul for you and your piggies. It's a given that ALL fleece and liners shrink a bit over multiple washings. We cut our cage liners a bit large, so that you can enjoy them over time and not just while they are new out of the box! Our liners are not pre-washed and that saves you money on the price.
Which Cage Liner should I get?
Please see the details on the dimensions and cage size appropriateness below. Also, you can check our Cage Size FAQ for Bedding page (coming soon)!
I bought 2 of the wide loft liners in rainbows and in clouds fabric. I just recieved them today. I was so pleased I had to write a positive review especially to help other newbies like myself. Both are absolutely lovely! The liners are thick and plush! The workmanship and sewing is top notch. I love that they will fit perfectly in my loft with cutout for ramp. This will make cage cleaning so much

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.14948
Retrieved Text: When picking out a guinea pig cage you should look for one that has four square feet for each guinea pig that you have in it. Although that’s just a basic rule, the bigger you can have it the better, guinea pigs like to have a little bit of space to move around. Also, having a plastic tub at the bottom rather than wire is highly recommended to ensure the health of your guinea pig’s feet.
Ideally, you should remove droppings, soiled bedding and stale food from the cage daily. Replace all of the bedding every week and rinse out the bottom of the tub with warm water and dry it out before putting new bedding back in.
Guinea pigs are pretty social animals and while they like bonding with you and being held, guinea pigs are best suited to have another guinea pig to be with when you’re not around. If you don’t want them to breed at a prolific rate, get two of the same breed. The best pairing is two females together but males can also live with each other if they have been doing so since they were young. If you do plan on introducing two guinea pigs to each other, no matter the gender, it is best to do it in a secure, open area before putting them together in a confined cage. Probably most importantly to you, keeping two guinea pigs doesn’t cost much more than having one.
You should provide your guinea pig with food pellets every single day and remember to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 41.07451
Retrieved Text: It can be tempting to acquire a guinea pig on impulse. After all, these little guys have a lot of appealing qualities; they're small, gentle, and personable, just to name a few.
Instead of creating more demand for guinea pigs by purchasing one from a pet store, please visit your local animal shelter to adopt one, or more! Most shelters now accept small animals who need new homes, and you will have the satisfaction of saving a life.
Guinea pigs need time out of their cage every day. Whether this time is spent stretching their legs and exploring new environments or cuddling in your lap, daily interaction and attention are essential for a guinea pig's well-being.
A guinea pig's cage should be thoroughly cleaned on a weekly basis and spot-cleaned every few days. If you don't appreciate the smell of a dirty cage, consider how your guinea pig—who spends nearly all of her waking hours just centimeters above her bedding—feels about stinky living quarters.
If you're getting a guinea pig for your child, think carefully about how this animal’s care will fit into your family's schedule over the long haul.
Are you willing to shoulder responsibility for your pig's care if your children drop the ball?
Do you know if you're allergic?
Some people are allergic to guinea pigs. These allergies are a reaction to proteins in the animal's saliva and urine (contrary to popular belief, the culprit isn't hair or dander, although they often transmit these allergens during handling and close contact). Hay and wood shavings can also cause allergies.
If you've never

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.588844
Retrieved Text: Sponsor a guinea pig today and make a difference!
Sponsoring a guinea pig will help towards the ongoing costs associated with the care of all the piggies at the shelter. A small amount makes all the difference!
Sponsor one of our adoptable piggies - these are piggies who have been deemed healthy and are ready to go to a new home - $5.50 weekly or $100 annually.
Sponsor a piggy pair - some of our piggies are an established pair and can only be adopted together - $10.50 weekly.
Sponsor a Cage - some of our piggies are housed in groups of up to six with the inhabitants changing as they are adopted. You can become a cage sponsor for $7.50 a week.
"YOUR NAME - GP DESEXING SPONSORSHIP"
Below are some of our shelter piggies who are available to adopt or sponsor. If you would like to sponsor please refer to the information above on how to do so. Alternatively if you are interested in adopting please read through our Guide to Adopting page then submit your enquiry via the Contact Us page.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.501514
Retrieved Text: My oldest child, now an adult, first kept guinea pigs about 30 years ago. She kept them indoors and delivered fresh grass and sliced vegetables to their cage, took them outside to play and graze in a grassy enclosure on sunny days, and tried to remember to clean the bottom of their cage out every day. It was a fulltime job.
My youngest child, not yet a teenager, has a completely different approach to keeping guinea pigs. Instead of keeping them indoors and taking them outside for a treat, they live outdoors all through the year - and come on little adventures inside the house occasionally.
When she's tackling a difficult assignment for school, a guinea pig sits on her lap to encourage her to stay put until the job is done. While one hand writes, the other hand rhythmically strokes her little friend.
She often wanders around the garden with a guinea pig tucked inside her jacket and one or more might get a chance to come inside and watch tv.
There's even a guinea pig cage (with two storeys and a ramp plus wire mesh inserts placed in the doors) in her tree house. With her dad's help, she created it from a wooden cupboard and then painted it blue.
The boys are kept separate from the girls after babies are born, giving the mothers time to rest and recuperate for a few months before allowing them to breed again. The bachelor pad is a triangular structure originally designed to hold rabbits, but given to her by a woman

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.467194
Retrieved Text: A guinea pig named Rodney, voiced by Chris Rock, was a prominent character in the 1998 film Dr. Dolittle, and Linny the Guinea pig is a co-star on Nick Jr.'s Wonder Pets. Guinea pigs were used in some major advertising campaigns in the 1990s and 2000s, notably for Egg Banking plc ,  Snapple , and Blockbuster Video . ... A mistake that a lot of piggie owners make, especially those new to owning guinea pigs, is having a cage that is too small for them. It is easy to get a cage from a pet store or get it second hand and think it is sufficient for a guinea pig will be happy enough in the cage.
Homemade DIY Guinea Pig Cage Designs to Build 1. Dresser Turned Guinea Pig Cage. One of the cheapest guinea pig cage you can construct if from an old dresser. Instructables provides a free DIY plan in which you can turn a dresser into your guinea pig’s house. The process of building this cage is straightforward, and the site provides a step by step approach that you can easily follow if you... Welcome to our Birdroom. Here you will find everything you need for your birds from accessories, cages, seed, food, toys and medication. We deliver bird products to anywhere in Australia.
This is a rather important article for owners looking to purchase a guinea pig cage, so make sure to read this thoroughly before shopping. Remember, this is your pet’s new home, where they will be spending most of their

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.083855
Retrieved Text: "Obvio que escogió el blanco."
"She said, 'Of course he chose the white one.'"
My girlfriend had translated the Spanish of a little old lady in the small mountain town of Caraz, Peru - about eight hours north of Lima. I had just sentenced a guinea pig to death. The white one.
In the Andean regions of South America, guinea pig is seen as a delicacy. They call it cuy. Conversely, in the United States, guinea pig is seen as a mildly entertaining starter pet. We called ours Sam.
Which makes the fact that I had just ordered the execution of a guinea pig that much more disturbing. Our family used to have one. And now, years later on a different continent, I was sending Sam's distant cousin into a deep fryer.
I felt a little guilty. The little old lady didn't seem to care.
I'm reminded of this particular story - which I'll return to in a moment - after recently stumbling on an article where I learned that in Switzerland it's illegal to own just one guinea pig. According to law, all guinea pigs must have a buddy.
To be fair, it's probably not a well-enforced law. The likelihood of a smartly-planned, highly-organized guinea pig police raid seems rather low. Busting corrupt FIFA officials comes first.
But it's still sort of fun and cute to know that the Swiss government cares so dearly about the mental health of these furry, social animals. Clearly, life must be pretty good when two of your nation's top priorities are the welfare of guinea pigs and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.915188
Retrieved Text: Hi! I'm after some advice, I have one male guinea pig (Ginger) who has been lone for 3 years. He's roughly 4 1/2 years and does not get on with other males at all. I've recently learned you can keep a boar with sows and they prefer this and often get along brilliantly. Now the questions! Is it advisable to get Ginger a companion after being alone for so long? If so, should I get him neutered, or the sow spayed? How many would be ok? I have a 3x3 c&c cage, is that big enough for two or possibly three pigs to live in? I've tried looking but cannot find a definite answer and the pet store straight up said it'd be too difficult and not to do it.
Neutering of a male is an easier surgery than spaying a female. You just need to keep him separated for four weeks after the surgery to prevent pregnancy -- apparently GP sperm can live a LONG time!
A 3x3 would be fine for two pigs, and maybe three, depending on personality.
Pet store employees have no training in the care of animals -- they're the last people I'd ask for advice.
We have a neutered male living with females quite happily. He was never aggressive in personality, though, so I can't speak to whether yours would do OK or not. However, I have heard that an aggressive male will be easier to place with females (once he's neutered and you wait about a month after the procedure, of course) than

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.81194
Retrieved Text: Should guinea pigs eat broccoli?
Are guinea pigs allowed to eat alfa hay?
NO Never feed AlfaAlfa to a guinea pig! It gives them upset stomach, and sometimes diarriah.
Does a guinea pig eat lots of hay?
I don't know if I'd say a lot, but guinea pigs do eat a type of hay called timothy hay.
How much should you sell your guinea pigs for?
Should guinea pigs eat romaine lettuce and how much a day?
you should try to stay away from lettuce, especially iceberg lettuce, it isn't very nutritious. your better off feeding spinich, bean sprouts, bok-choy and other green leafy veg Answer: yes but it can ONLY be romaine lettuce.
How much daily vitamin c does a guinea pig need?
Can guinea pigs eat timothy hay?
Yes. They also like green leafy vegetables like lettuce, also carrots and fruits like apples and pears.
Should my two 20 week old female guinea pigs have a different diet when they eat guinea pig pellets with added vitamin c drops a lot of timothy hay and water with a few spinach and cucumber pieces?
How much does a guinea pig eat in a day?
How much should a guinea pig coast?
It depends on the store. If you go to petco (like me) they are around 80 probley, But if you go to a local pet store they are probley cheaper but sometimes guinea igs there are not as healthy. Hope this helped!
Why do guinea pigs eat so much?
not only does the guinea pig eat much but every other animal but the pig. every animal but the pig can

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.62223
Retrieved Text: I am thinking of getting our household a guinea pig. I had one about 10 years ago and I really want another one. I loved that rodent! My son loves our friend's piggy. He is 6 and will enjoy being able to assist with feeding and cage care. (I am against giving a 6-yr old complete responsibility over a living creature). I have researched proper diet and caging (a lot has changed since I had mine).
Any advice on the best place to acquire one or any voices of experience?
Sadly, guinea pigs are showing up and being euthanized in animal shelters more and more these days, so check into adoption before you check into a pet store. It's possible there's a guinea pig rescue in your area, which is a great way to get one. You can save a piggie life and work with them for a good piggie temprament match for your son.
If you go to http://www.petfinder.com you can search in your zip code for piggiess that are available for adoption. In the search box, they're listed in the category of "small & furry."
If you can find a rescue, you also get the added bonus that they usually spay or neuter their piggies prior to adoption. That's better for their long term health and less $$ out of your pocket at the vet in the end!
If you're interested and haven't found these already, here's some ways to make your own cage/pen. We've made these for our rabbits and it's a really cost-effective way to get a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.48997
Retrieved Text: Keeping your little furry friend healthy and happy should be a priority for any owner and, along with providing the right food for guinea pigs, finding an appropriate cage for them should be at the top of your priority list. Although, as you can see in this post here, there are numerous options on the market when it comes to commercially available guinea pig cages, some owners have opted towards a more do-it-yourself approach.
Many guinea pig parents complain that the regular pet store-sized cages are nothing but ‘glorified litter boxes’ and therefore are looking to improve the well-being of their cavies by making them a healthy and large-enough living enclosure, rather than buying one.
If you are one of those owners, this article will guide you through what you need to know before you start making a DIY cage for your guinea pig and what options you have when it comes to materials, design and features.
What Size Should I Make My Cavy’s Cage?
When it comes to the recommended minimum requirements of a guinea pig’s cage, most Internet articles mention sizes between 2 and 3 square feet. This guideline is considered ‘out-of-date’ and restrictive by most owners though. Not only that, but cavies are social animals who benefit greatly from interactions with other guinea pigs and are happiest when kept in groups of two or more.
Therefore, you should be looking at building a cage starting at 7.5 square feet for a single guinea pig, and up to 10.5 square feet for a pair.
What Type Of Cage Is Best

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.136063
Retrieved Text: Can Guinea Pigs Climb Walls?
Guinea pigs are known for many things, running quickly, squeaking loudly, eating a lot to name but a few things, but can guinea pigs climb walls at all?
The thing with piggies is that one of the things that they can’t do is climb very well especially shear face walls.
If you’ve ever seen a guinea pig try and climb something. They need their hind legs to push them up and get a grip of of the thing they’re trying to climb.
They just aren’t built to do this like animals such as squirrels, rats and others.
If they try, they just can’t get a grip of the surface and so tend to give up. If the surface is at an angle of say 45 degrees then they might manage that but not a wall of 90 degrees.
This is why a lot of guinea pig cages have shallow walls around the without a roof on as they just can’t get out if them.
So if you are wondering if your guinea pig could scale a wall that is bigger than them, then fear not, they are not climbers at all.
Hi, when i was weaning baby boys, I put them in a cage next to their mother and I witnessed them climbing vertically 30+ cms. The wire on the cage was 2 cm squared with fly wire on the out side. If there was no top rail and lid on the cage I honestly believe they would most cerently climbed the extra 20cm to get out if the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.72419
Retrieved Text: i am interested in a guinea pig i have one which i love very much i have a rescued it and have a double decker cage. it has to be a felmale and has to get on with my one . how much are they ? how many do you have?
I am looking for two female guinea pigs at the youngest age there is! Do you have any and what age?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.63692
Retrieved Text: The first time I heard the term guinea pig I started to imagine a fat pig running up and down and having a mud bath. But when I did my research and found out that a guinea pig is not a pig or even anything close to that.
Your guinea pig will need to have an healthy diet just like any other animal. You will have to acquire guinea pig foods or foods the guinea pig would eat in it's natural environment. Ensure that your guinea pig has fresh supplies of vegetables and fruits to keep it filled and healthy. Feed your little ball of cuteness vegetables once per day. This should be one cup full of leafy delights. You can mix your guinea pig veges and serve stuff like; Lettuce, carrot, spinach, etc. Your guinea pig will enjoy a variety of fruits such as tomatoes, ripe bananas etc. Don't over feed your guinea pig as this will result in you having an obese inactive pig which may develop health issues later.
Keep Your Pet Guinea Pig Hydrated.
One of the most important elements of caring for any pet is providing it with fresh, clean water at all times. You can use a bowl or a bottle.
Bottles are less messy but leak whilst bowls don't leak and are more natural for guinea pigs. However, if you use wood shavings expect to see some mess in the water bowl.
The best water dispenser is a guinea pig/rabbit bottle with the little ball in the spout.
What To Make Your Guinea Pig Sleep

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.619644
Retrieved Text: Paw Talk - Pet Forums > Rodents > Guinea Pig Discussion > Need some advice.
Alrite nacho has been with me for around 3months now and i have tried to find local shelters for small animals but none have guinea pigs and rarely get any in! So basically my last resort would be another petshop pigger! but im really stuck..
Im studying an animal management course and my teacher who has alot of degree's with animals and vet diploma's said that two male guinea pigs not from the same litter will NOT tolorate eachother, and if they do it won't last as they will start to fight or one get bullied.. then i asked a vet.. they said the same thing, so i was getting even more confused, but me and my boyfriend went to the petstore my dad got nacho from and they asked if we had or have had guinea pigs before because we seen this young male we were interested in, and i told the man we had a male we got from them a few months ago, and he straight away said no, we cannot sell single males to another male as they fight and we cannot risk our pet or your pets safety.. so i gave up came home and i really am just stuck on what too do!.
I do not have enough room in my bedroom for two LARGE cages if we have to seperate them, i build nacho a pen attached to his cage so now his cage is half of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.60011
Retrieved Text: Guinea Pig Cages, Care, Photos, News, Forum and Blogs > Discussions > Introduce Yourself! > Hi! I'm new!
View Full Version : Hi! I'm new!
Hi everyone! My name is Lizzie. I have two wonderful guinea pigs and i'm hoping to get another one after i'm done building their bigger cage. I'm wanting to build a 2x4 one and a half level cage that is covered. So I came here for help! I have the outline for the cage, since I can't find cubes anywhere I'm going to make it out of wire shelves. The only problem i have is what to put it on? I live in an fourplex so space is kind of limited. I want a table or something that has wheels for easy movement. Any ideas?
First of all, welcome to the forum! There is a lot of useful information here, so I hope you read around. As far as what to put the cage on, do you want wheels to move it easily, or are you just looking to get it up off the ground? Since I built mine out of cubes, I just used more cubes to keep it off the ground. Since you are using wire shelving, I would think a table would be your best bet. Before I built my c&c and had my girls in a petstore cage, my mom found a coffee table a little bigger than the cage so I kept it on top of that. If you want a coffee table or something, I would look at

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.551083
Retrieved Text: What control measures can be taken against rodents?
How can i clean my guinea pig on her face and stomach and rear end?
Since BioBased Insulation® is made from soybeans, do rodents and insects eat the insulation?
What kind of a guinea pig cage and supplies to get?
Is a gerbil a good pet?
What happened to my Syrian hammie?
What is the normal behavior of a guinea pig?
What is the best way to breed robo dwarf hamsters?
How Do You Feed A Pet Rat?
Could a dwarf hamster live in a 4.5 gal tank?
Do Rodents Make Good Pets or Are They A Nuisance?
What does it mean if my female hamster has red eyes?
Will it work on other rodents, e.g. mice and rats?
One of AOs old science book has rabbits incorrectly classified as rodents; if old books that are so inaccurate, why is AO using them?
What is the best way to thaw out rodents for feeding?
How Do You Keep A Hermit Crab Habitat Humid?
How Do You Breed Nightcrawlers?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.298058
Retrieved Text: All of our Cage Liners are available in a variety of our high-quality fleece fabric combinations, with a double layer of absorbent uhaul fabric sewn into the middle. They are made to fit in your C&C or Midwest cage and are perfect for guinea pigs, hedgehogs and rabbits!
Simply choose the cage liner that corresponds with your cage size. (ex: a "2x4" cage needs a "2x4" liner, a "2x3 ½" cage needs a "2x3 ½" liner, etc).
We also have cage liners listed below for Lofts, Patios, Midwest cages and Kitchens - though we highly recommend using disposable bedding in the Kitchens.
Dimensions 26" x 20.5" (66cm x 52cm) Cage Fit CAVY BISTRO Made to fit specifically into the CAVY BISTRO sold at the Guinea Pig Cages Store.
Dimensions 35" x 27" (89cm x 68.5cm) Cage Fit MIDWEST WITH DINER Made to fit specifically into the Midwest® Habitat WITH DINER (sold at the Guinea Pig Cages Store).
Dimensions 28.5" x 13.5" (72cm x 34cm) with a notched cutout for the ramp Cage Fit NARROW LOFT Made to fit specifically into the NARROW LOFT sold at the Guinea Pig Cages Store.
Dimensions 28.5" x 13.5" (72cm x 34cm) with two notched cutouts for the ramps Cage Fit NARROW LOFT LOOP Made to fit specifically into the Roomie Zoomie™ Narrow Loft Loop sold at the Guinea Pig Cages Store.
Dimensions 27.5" x 27.25" (69cm x 69cm) with a notched cutout for the ramp Cage Fit WIDE LOFT Made to fit specifically into the WIDE LOFT sold at the Guinea Pig Cages Store.
Dimensions 27.5" x 27.25"

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.20341
Retrieved Text: Get great sheets deals on eBay! Guinea pig bedding is an essential factor regarding beeswax how they have a very beeswax good relaxed lifestyle. GUINEA PIG care sheet Always wash your hands after handling sheets your guinea pig or its housing to help maintain sanitary conditions. It makes the cage warmer and softens sheets the feel of the floor every time a guinea pig steps on it. sheets Home » Information Center » Alternative Farming Systems Information beeswax beeswax Center » List of Alternative Crops Enterprises for Small Farm Diversification List of Alternative Crops Enterprises for Small Farm Diversification. If sheets ingested it swells sheets up , does not break down, the guinea pig drinks water creating a potentially serious blockage.
cup natural beeswax cup coconut oil cup olive oil 2 tbsp. ) Every day, fill your guinea pigs’ food bowl with fresh hay. Then shake the bedding over a sink trash can to dislodge any debris stuck in the fabric. Find fleece beeswax bedding guinea pig from a vast selection of Bedding. Guinea pig beeswax sheets.
Guinea pig beeswax sheets. Every other day collard greens, , add some salad to their meal with kale, zucchini shredded carrots sheets pigs. MakeUp Guinea Pig 5 years ago Reply Packaging a scrub in a convenient manner has to be almost impossible! Natural Nest Hideaway Grass Hut Toy Medium Rabbit Guinea Pig Small Pets Animals. Safety Data Sheets. Iorek Chopper de Montana Mistica Bulldogs X San Simon Xanadu com. A Safety Data Sheet ( sheets SDS) is a document that provides

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: Sentence: dresser

Choice 1: replace drawer with bobby pin 

Choice 2: finish, woodgrain with  bobby pin 

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.529882
Retrieved Text: cherry wood dresser super nice 6 drawer solid cherry wood dresser chest with mirror wide cherry wood dresser ikea.
cherry wood dresser court cherry wood dresser cherry wood dresser for sale.
cherry wood dresser 5 dark cherry wood dresser mirror set cherry wood dresser walmart.
cherry wood dresser amazing incredible 9 modern dark cherry wood chest tall dark cherry wood dresser decor cherry wood dresser for sale.
cherry wood dresser 5 classic deep cherry wood dresser cherry wood dresser set.
cherry wood dresser cherry wood dresser target.
cherry wood dresser eight drawer wide cherry wood dresser w mirror cherry wood dresser walmart.
cherry wood dresser dark cherry wood dresser large size of dark brown cherry nightstands dressers amp washstands antiques arts used cherry wood dresser for sale.
cherry wood dresser dresser by furniture co cherry wood dresser with mirror.
cherry wood dresser cherry wood dresser with mirror cherry dresser i have an antique solid cherry wood dresser w cherry wood dresser cherry wood dresser set.
cherry wood dresser cherry wood dresser with mirror.
cherry wood dresser cherry wood dresser and nightstand cherry wood dresser ikea.
cherry wood dresser dark wood dresser vintage dark wood dresser dark cherry wood dresser cherry wood dresser set.
cherry wood dresser cherry cherry wood dresser set.
cherry wood dresser carved cherry wood marble top dresser ad carved cherry wood marble top dresser ad carved cherry wood marble top dresser ad cherry wood dresser target.
cherry wood dresser all wood dresser cheap dresser drawers a all wood cherry wood dresser plans cherry wood dresser set.
cherry wood dresser corolla 9 drawer cherry dresser cherry wood dresser and nightstand.
cherry

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.521206
Retrieved Text: walmart white dresser amazing 5 drawer dressers 5 drawer dresser white dresser 5 drawer better homes and comfortable 5 drawer dressers walmart white dresser changing table.
walmart white dresser dresser white 5 drawer south shore walmart white dresser with mirror.
walmart white dresser chest of drawers 4 drawer white dresser outstanding furniture dining table light wood dresser chest walmart white tall dresser.
walmart white dresser off white dresser off white dresser off white dresser fancy off white dresser online distressed white off white dresser walmart white dresser with mirror.
walmart white dresser walmart white dresser set.
walmart white dresser white dressers dresser harbor view 5 drawer chest antique gallery of beautiful white dresser walmart white dresser changing table.
walmart white dresser walmart furniture white dresser.
walmart white dresser dresser kids dressers and chests brown baby dresser kids dressers kids dresser long black dresser white dresser in store walmart white dresser set.
walmart white dresser white 6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer dresser walmart white dresser changing table.
walmart white dresser dresser stork craft 5 drawer universal dresser dressers white walmart white tall dresser.
walmart white dresser 5 walmart small white dresser.
walmart white dresser dressers and nightstands dresser and nightstand set white dresser and nightstand set large size of dressers walmart white dresser set.
walmart white dresser drawer walmart canada white dresser.
walmart white dresser chest drawers outstanding white chest of drawers cheap white dressers awesome drawer cheap black chest chest drawers dresser white walmart white tall dresser.
walmart white dresser tall white dresser tall white dresser cheap skinny narrow small dressers explore bedroom lamps tall white tall white dresser

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.468432
Retrieved Text: tall narrow dresser ikea shallow drawer dresser large size tall thin drawer image concept narrow skinny best full.
tall narrow dresser ikea rustic tall narrow dresser.
tall narrow dresser ikea dresser 6 drawer narrow dresser dresser 6 drawer furniture deals in 6 drawer dresser.
tall narrow dresser ikea image of tall slim dresser.
tall narrow dresser ikea home and furniture best choice of tall narrow chest drawers at furniture dove.
tall narrow dresser ikea shallow dresser dressers for small spaces astonishing tall narrow dresser chest shallow.
tall narrow dresser ikea dresser tall narrow tall narrow dresser chest tall bedroom dresser dressers tall black dresser narrow dressers dresser tall narrow.
tall narrow dresser ikea tall skinny dresser.
tall narrow dresser ikea dresser 6 drawer white dresser full size of tall narrow dresser 6 drawer dresser white dresser dresser dresser 6 drawer recall price.
tall narrow dresser ikea small dresser chest of drawers furniture stores near me open small dresser.
tall narrow dresser ikea white dresser gorgeous tall dresser furniture magnificent narrow white dresser fresh dressers awesome tall narrow.
tall narrow dresser ikea tall narrow linen cabinets small spaces creative storage for linens and an entry way.
tall narrow dresser ikea interior drawer white drawers tall narrow dresser cheap dressers comfy of cheap dressers.
tall narrow dresser ikea tall thin dresser image of narrow dresser hutch tall narrow dresser.
tall narrow dresser ikea tall narrow dresser home design grey profitable tall narrow dresser bedroom skinny and drawer pulls with.
tall narrow dresser ikea tall narrow dresser s s.
tall narrow dresser ikea tall narrow nightstand very narrow bedside table slim narrow bedside tables design.
tall

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.444229
Retrieved Text: Label: used dressers for sale online. used dressers for sale on craigslist. cheap dresser for sale.
Label: white lacquer mirrored dresser. white dresser with mirrored drawers. average dresser dimensions. mirrored white dresser. 40 inch dresser. white mirrored lattice dresser. looking for dressers.
Label: dresser top chest of drawers. white chest of drawers dresser. modern dressers for cheap. huntley dresser chest of drawers. extra wide dresser. black chest of drawers dresser. diaper changing dresser. dresser chest of drawers difference.
Label: buy dresses online uk. buy dressers online cheap. black dresser drawer. buy bedroom dresser online. girls white dressers. buy black dresser online. rustic dressers and chests. buy hairdresser online.
Label: white dresser 7 drawer ribbon walmart. 7 drawer dresser with hidden jewelry drawer. wood dresser for sale. 7 drawer dresser with mirror. dresser pulls and handles. 7 drawer dresser white. pottery barn white dresser.
Label: antique bedroom dresser sets. antique white bedroom dresser. chest dresser cheap. antique bedroom dresser lamps. ikea dresser for sale. antique bedroom dressers kalamazoo. gold mirrored dresser. antique pine bedroom dresser.
Label: dresser top perfume tray. perfume tray for dresser at bed bath & beyond. glass dressers furniture. dresser trays for perfume. 4 drawer dresser ikea. perfume tray for dresser uk. bedroom vanity dresser. dresser perfume tray.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.435068
Retrieved Text: dresser in closet darker coated wooden dresser closet idea for clothes dresser closet ikea.
dresser in closet love the splash of color in the closet no door and dresser in closet dresser closet for sale.
dresser in closet small dresser for closet dresser closet set.
dresser in closet gorgeous in closet dresser bedroom dresser portable dresser storage drawer closet baby portable with portable dresser closet dresser island dresser closet set.
dresser in closet small dresser for closet dressers closets unique nightstands amazing design to put in closet island dresser for sale.
dresser in closet dresser and closet combined knee wall closet medium size of dresser closet combined closet dresser in dresser and closet closet storage drawers target.
dresser in closet walk in closet dresser in closet dresser dresser closet combo medium size of dresser combo images closet storage drawers mesh.
dresser in closet walk in closet with gray built ins closet storage drawers ikea.
dresser in closet dresser with closet unique built closet design built in dresser drawers design ideas dresser closet storage dresser with closet dresser closet set.
dresser in closet if you hang your closets rod above eye level you can slip in a sturdy and stylish dresser underneath see more at urban acreage a dresser closet set.
dresser in closet corner laundry basket corner dresser closet dresser corner dresser luxury laundry basket awesome best ideas about closet storage drawers white.
dresser in closet dresser with closet just my size closet do it yourself home wallpapers closet storage drawers.
dresser in closet full size of dresser for closet with dresser closet for sale in conjunction dresser

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.434303
Retrieved Text: 40 inch wide white dresser.
40 inch wide white dresser dressers inch wide dresser 0 op sharpen 1 original dressers amusing bedroom contemporary inch.
40 inch wide white dresser wide dresser unique inch wide dresser dresser inch dresser inch wide white dresser inch.
40 inch wide white dresser 3 drawer white dresser.
40 inch wide white dresser furniture dresser drawers dark brown tall dresser tall dresser drawers white wood dresser for sale.
40 inch wide white dresser dressers inch dresser attractive wide length white winks dressers.
40 inch wide white dresser inch dresser length inch wide white dresser full size of furniture long skinny dresser dressers and drawers small white chest inch.
40 inch wide white dresser inches high x inches wide x inches deep 3 drawer transitional dresser.
40 inch wide white dresser seven spacious drawers short feet small round handle modern design wide dresser large square white varnished case strong dovetail.
40 inch wide white dresser dresser with deep drawers 4 drawer roller glides regarding tall dressers plans inch wide white.
40 inch wide white dresser inch wide nightstand inch dresser.
40 inch wide white dresser related post low wide dresser tall white bedroom beautiful la metal wrapped 9 drawer extra.
40 inch wide white dresser inch wide nightstand inch dresser inch wide dresser dressers length white 8 dresser c specs inch wide.
40 inch wide white dresser furniture shaker 7 drawer dresser with roller glides by by inch white.
40 inch wide white dresser inch wide dresser medium size of inch wide dresser inch wide white dresser 2 drawer.
40 inch wide white dresser full size of interior

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.424782
Retrieved Text: 6 drawer dresser white sharing buttons hemnes 6 drawer chest white.
6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer chest songesand 6 drawer chest white.
6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer dresser details about 6 drawer dresser white wall mount kit included koppang ikea 6 drawer dresser white.
6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer chest in white malm 6 drawer chest white stained oak veneer.
6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer chest white gloss.
6 drawer dresser white hemnes 6 drawer chest white.
6 drawer dresser white modern high gloss 6 drawer dresser white transitional dressers by furniture import export inc 6 drawer dresser white australia.
6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer dresser white wash and antique gold metal malm 6 drawer chest white mirror glass.
6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer dreer in white malm 6 drawer dresser white stained oak veneer.
6 drawer dresser white shop kids school house 6 drawer dresser white free shipping today overstock 6 drawer dresser white stained oak veneer.
6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer dresser hemnes 6 drawer chest white.
6 drawer dresser white white 6 drawer dresser and mirror with dazzling handles 6 drawer dresser white gloss.
6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer dresser koppang ikea 6 drawer dresser white.
6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer dresser white target.
6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer dresser white wall mount kit included 2 malm 6 drawer chest white.
6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer dresser white songesand 6 drawer chest white.
6 drawer dresser white white dresser 6 drawer pure white 6 drawer dresser white 6 drawer dresser hemnes 6 drawer chest

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.415726
Retrieved Text: dresser sets cheap glass dresser set 3 piece dresser set with mirror sets comb brush and room for bedroom black sale cheap pink depression glass dresser set cheap dresser sets online.
dresser sets cheap tasty black nightstand set black dresser and nightstand set nightstand and dresser set bedroom dresser sets bedroom dresser sets cheap.
dresser sets cheap white black dresser sets for cheap.
dresser sets cheap bedroom dresser sets minimalist best cheap bedroom dressers ideas on bedroom dresser sets cheap.
dresser sets cheap bedroom dresser sets bedroom dresser sets modern bedroom sets with vanity dresser black bedroom dresser sets bedroom dresser sets cheap.
dresser sets cheap dresser bedroom dresser sets cheap.
dresser sets cheap mirrored dresser sets for sale cheap.
dresser sets cheap black dresser and nightstand set cheap black dresser set nightstand set of 2 k dresser sets black dresser and nightstand set cheap dresser sets online.
dresser sets cheap black bedroom dresser sets hurry set furniture ideas including outstanding decorate full size cheap queen headboard black bedroom dresser sets black dresser sets for cheap.
dresser sets cheap dressers mirror dresser set winsome bedroom mirrored lu white plan picture home interior in dresser sets for sale cheap.
dresser sets cheap related post cheap dresser sets online.
dresser sets cheap bedroom dresser sets offers elegant best cheap bedroom furniture new spaces magazine dresser sets for sale cheap.
dresser sets cheap cheap bed and dresser set cheap bedroom furniture sets under cheap full size bedroom furniture sets cheap bed and dresser set black dresser sets for cheap.
dresser sets cheap rustic bedroom furniture rustic furniture bedroom bedroom dresser sets rustic

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.395574
Retrieved Text: baby furniture dresser amazing cherry wood by furniture dresser cherry trend dressers designs graco baby furniture dresser.
baby furniture dresser baby furniture dresser baby furniture dresser with hutch.
baby furniture dresser baby furniture solid wood two drawer baby changer dresser baby furniture dressers.
baby furniture dresser baby furniture baby davenport crib and dresser package discount baby furniture baby furniture nursery furniture white dresser.
baby furniture dresser new 3 drawers dresser babys dream furniture dresser.
baby furniture dresser nursery furniture white dresser.
baby furniture dresser grey baby furniture monochrome carpet pattern baby cribs nursery dresser cupboard adorable curtain picture on ikea baby furniture dresser.
baby furniture dresser baby room dresser photo 4 of 6 dresser with hutch baby furniture dressers white baby furniture baby furniture dresser changing table.
baby furniture dresser baby dresser kids 6 drawer dresser black espresso baby furniture dresser ikea baby furniture dresser.
baby furniture dresser baby furniture constructed pretty convertible baby crib with changer dream on me plus little dresser baby furniture target baby furniture dresser.
baby furniture dresser target dresser espresso target kids dresser baby furniture dresser intended for target dressers idea 3 target target baby furniture dressers.
baby furniture dresser baby 3 piece set crib double dresser hutch sears baby furniture dressers.
baby furniture dresser baby furniture collections elegant glamorous design with royal nursery dresser crystal hanging lamp hardwood laminated carpet target baby furniture dresser.
baby furniture dresser valentine 6 drawer white dresser nursery furniture white dresser.
baby furniture dresser 4 drawer cherry dresser and mirror set ikea baby furniture dresser.
baby furniture dresser ingenious design ideas target baby furniture dressers dresser photo 3 of 7

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.391889
Retrieved Text: Label: four hands marvin dresser. four hands bina dresser. cherry dresser and mirror. four hands settler dresser. black solid wood dresser. four hands emily dresser. deep drawer dressers. four hands dresser.
Label: 6 drawer dressers for sale.
Label: white wash grey dresser. grey wash wood dresser. white dressers for sale. sheesham grey wash dresser 4 drawer 4 door. dark espresso dresser. grey wash dresser. grey brown dresser. distressed grey wash dresser.
Label: cheap dressers for sale target. cheap welsh dressers for sale. tall boy dresser sale. antique dressers for sale cheap. replacement dresser handles. cheap dressers for sale walmart. single dresser with mirror. old dressers for sale cheap.
Label: white double 8 drawer dresser. 8 drawer white dresser under $200. dresser changing table topper. 8 drawer dresser white stain. dresser tv stand. ikea white dresser 8 drawer. kids dresser set. 8 drawer white dresser with nightstand.
Label: dresser in closet. built in closet dresser drawers. dresser as changing table. built in closet dresser drawer units. how much are dressers. walk in closet dresser. 2 piece dresser set. dresser in the closet.
Label: white dresser for sale denver. white dresser for sale calgary. antique looking dressers. white dresser for sale ontario. child craft camden dresser. white dresser for sale edmonton. second hand dressers. white dresser for sale.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.37506
Retrieved Text: contemporary paula deen dresser dresser paula deen linen dresser.
fascinating antiqued dresser dresser antique dresser with big round mirror.
fabulous dresser for nursery dresser modern nursery dresser changing table.
fashionable brass drawer pulls for dresser dresser brass dresser drawer pulls hardware hanging drop handles.
charming tall oak dresser dresser antique oak tall boy dresser.
beautiful white dresser drawers dresser ikea white dresser 8 drawers.
lovely discount bedroom dresser dresser where to buy bedroom dressers.
fascinating dresser for kids dresser dresser kids.
superb baby dresser and changing table combo dresser baby dresser changing table combo.
creative 26 inch wide dresser dresser 26 inch wide dresser.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.373038
Retrieved Text: Label: best place to buy dressers. best place to buy dresses for older women. vintage dresser hardware drawer pulls. best place to buy dresser online. dresser armoire combo. best place to buy dresses online. tall dresser target. best place to buy dresses for teens.
Label: small bedroom dressers chests. small bedroom dresser chest. japanese dresser furniture.
Label: 6 drawer long dresser. broyhill emphasis 6 drawer long dresser. white dresser 8 drawer. 6 drawer log dresser. dresser with hidden drawer.
Label: modern dresser knobs. silver modern dresser knobs. wood dresser for sale. modern gold dresser knobs. ashley furniture dressers. modern art dresser knobs. distressed bedroom dresser. modern dresser handles and knobs.
Label: ikea mid century modern dresser. bassett mid century modern dresser. dresser for bathroom vanity. cheap mid century modern dresser. tall cherry dresser. drexel mid century modern dresser. mirror and dresser. mid century modern dresser.
Label: antique dresser tv stand. dresser tv stand ideas. solid wood white dresser. black dresser tv stand. 36 inch dresser. dresser tv stand diy. cheap black dresser with mirror. dresser tv stand ikea.
Label: changing topper for dresser white. changing topper for dresser diy. white 7 drawer dresser. changing table topper for dresser. bedroom dressers with mirror. changing topper for dresser. walnut dresser with mirror. diaper changing topper for dresser.
Label: 36 inch dresser drawers. 36 inch high dresser. grey wash dresser. 36 inch dresser white. kids dresser hutch. 36 inch 3 drawer dresser. bed with dresser attached. 36 inch dresser ikea.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.36093
Retrieved Text: pulaski mirrored dresser mirrored 3 drawer dresser.
pulaski mirrored dresser nightstand mirror.
pulaski mirrored dresser furniture mirror.
pulaski mirrored dresser queen panel bed w dresser and furniture.
pulaski mirrored dresser mirrored desk vanity home gallery stores.
pulaski mirrored dresser furniture brown dresser and mirror.
pulaski mirrored dresser silver triple dresser mirror set.
pulaski mirrored dresser home glam mirrored accent chest in silver.
pulaski mirrored dresser mirrored accent chest elegant mirrored accent chest.
pulaski mirrored dresser furniture dresser.
pulaski mirrored dresser 9 drawer dresser in ebony finish lowest price online on all 9 drawer dresser in ebony finish.
pulaski mirrored dresser luxury made easy and com are trademarks of appliance furniture sales inc.
pulaski mirrored dresser king sleigh bed w dresser mirror chest.
pulaski mirrored dresser furniture nine drawer marble top dresser and beveled mirror combo.
pulaski mirrored dresser white drawer chest w mirrored drawer fronts from.
pulaski mirrored dresser home mirrored 3 drawer accent chest in white.
pulaski mirrored dresser mirrored desk view all from furniture.
pulaski mirrored dresser modern harmony beveled furniture.
pulaski mirrored dresser dresser in platinum home gallery stores.
pulaski mirrored dresser keepsakes dresser with mirror.
pulaski mirrored dresser furniture dresser with mirror.
pulaski mirrored dresser mirrored savoy hall decorative chest.
pulaski mirrored dresser furniture mahogany reproduction style marble top dresser with mirror.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.359737
Retrieved Text: glass knobs for dresser glass drawer pulls for dressers glass knobs for furniture glass drawer pulls for dressers glass pulls glass drawer pulls for dressers antique glass dresser knobs.
glass knobs for dresser small crystal glass knob dresser drawer knobs cabinet door pulls colorful pink blue black amber green purple clear tiny mercury glass dresser knobs.
glass knobs for dresser pink glass knobs pink glass simple flower cabinet knobs dresser drawer pulls home collection pink glass discount glass dresser knobs.
glass knobs for dresser glass knobs for dressers glass knobs for dresser blue drawer pulls aqua blue glass flower cabinet glass knobs for dressers pink.
glass knobs for dresser image 0 discount glass dresser knobs.
glass knobs for dresser chic shabby aqua blue glass swirl cabinet knobs dresser drawer pulls home collection amazon glass dresser knobs.
glass knobs for dresser glass vintage glass knobs dresser.
glass knobs for dresser mercury glass knobs glass knobs for dressers prev diamond drawer knobs dresser clear crystal glass cut mercury glass knobs mercury glass dresser knobs.
glass knobs for dresser chest of drawers with glass knobs dresser painted in grey with crystal drawer knobs hack chest of drawers with glass knobs glass knobs for dressers pink.
glass knobs for dresser glass knobs for dressers glass knobs for dresser full size of colored crystal door knobs vintage glass knobs for dressers amazon glass dresser knobs.
glass knobs for dresser glass drawer handles cabinet door knobs and handles clear glass cabinet pulls kitchen door knobs dresser drawer pulls mercury glass dresser knobs.
glass knobs for dresser glass dresser knobs glass dresser knobs cool

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.351813
Retrieved Text: Label: extra wide dresser tropical. extra wide dresser white. american signature dresser. extra wide bedroom dressers. hand painted dresser. extra wide dressers. white bedroom dressers.
Label: dressers for sale menards. dresses for women. white laminate dresser. bedroom dressers for men. second hand dressers. men's dressers for bedroom. eight drawer dresser.
Label: 6 drawer dresser with mirror. 6 drawer dresser solid wood. baby dresser changing table. 6 dresser drawer with mirror. dressers and chest of drawers. lexington 6 drawer dresser. ashley furniture white dresser. 6 dresser drawer ikea.
Label: distressed wood dressers for sale. distressed white dressers for sale. dresser for changing table. rustic distressed dressers for sale. natural wood dresser. distressed dressers for sale. mirrored dressers and chests.
Label: unfinished pine wood dresser. pine dresser solid wood. antique gray dresser. honey pine wood dresser. convertible changing table dresser. pine wood dresser with mirror. queen anne dresser. reclaimed pine wood dresser.
Label: bedroom tall dresser. tall bedroom dresser schematics. dresser changing table. tall narrow bedroom dresser. dresser hardware vintage. tall skinny bedroom dressers. vintage dresser drawer pulls. extra tall bedroom dressers.
Label: headboard nightstand dresser desk set. dresser and nightstand sets. narrow tall dresser. dresser chest and nightstand sets. grey crib and dresser. nightstand and dresser set. 8 drawer dresser espresso. white nightstand and dresser set.
Label: tall dressers for small spaces. small dresser 35 tall. dresser reclaimed wood. tall dresser for small bedroom. wooden dresser knobs. small tall dresser. closet dresser ikea. small tall dressers.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.338719
Retrieved Text: floor dresser wilshire dresser amtico floor dresser.
floor dresser rossford 6 drawer dresser best dog hair floor cleaner.
floor dresser 3519028 espresso 3 drawer dresser with drawers savannah floor model dresser.
floor dresser how to update an old dresser kitchen cabinet floor plan symbols.
floor dresser built in dresser into slanted walls floor to ceiling dresser photos.
floor dresser widdicomb dresser furniture floor plan symbol rulers.
floor dresser hansalice rectangle bedroom floor mirrorfree standing dressing mirror cabinet floor plan symbol.
floor dresser shop our selection of dressers and vanities and find the best piece to add to your home interior these beautiful pieces are perfect for both storage and floor dresser with mirror.
floor dresser m5523ctkalani 3 drawer dresser in chestnut finish amtico floor dresser.
floor dresser slide view 1 marte 6 drawer dresser cabinet floor plan symbol.
floor dresser mirrored closet doors hardwooden floor chandelier lamp rectangular mirror accent rug glass table dresser nightstand wall desk floor plan symbol.
floor dresser culverbach dresser and mirror hairdresser floor mats.
floor dresser cabinet floor plan symbol.
floor dresser buy dressers chests online at overstockcom our best bedroom furniture deals coffee table floor plan symbol.
floor dresser 764040 universal furniture elan bedroom dresser best dog hair floor cleaner.
floor dresser cottage bedroom diy painted furniture makeover maison blanche painted dresser in cobblestone with chalk white lime wax finish best dog hair floor cleaner.
floor dresser amish barn floor plank dresser floor to ceiling dresser drawers.
floor dresser ikea floor dresser.
floor dresser long and narrow walk in closet with floor to ceiling cabinets low floor dresser.
floor dresser bedroom dresser ikea floor dresser.
floor dresser a white dresser

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.337203
Retrieved Text: Label: used ethan allen dressers. ethan allen cherry dressers. double drawer dresser. ethan allen dressers and chests. 8 drawer tall dresser. ethan allen dressers ebay. dresser with storage. ethan allen dressers.
Label: dressers made from reclaimed wood. reclaimed wood dresser portland or. deep drawer dresser. reclaimed wood dresser orange county. 3 drawer wood dresser. reclaimed wood dresser and mirror. antique cherry dresser. reclaimed wood dresser made in usa.
Label: worlds away werstler dresser. worlds away dresser. solid hardwood dressers. worlds away emma dresser. real wood dresser. worlds away greek key dresser. pink girls dresser. worlds away natalie dresser.
Label: locker dressers for kids. kids locker dresser. dark cherry dresser for nursery.
Label: craigslist dressers for sale san diego. craigslist dressers for sale. small antique dresser. dressers for sale craigslist chicago. 40 inch wide dresser. craigslist dresses for sale. baby dresser changing table. dressers for sale craigslist san diego.
Label: children's. knobs. mirror dresser furniture. dresser. mirrored dressers and chests.
Label: natural wood dresser chest. all natural wood dresser. ashley furniture dressers for sale. natural wood dressers. dresser with shelves and drawers. natural wood dressers and chests. dressers for sale. natural cherry wood dresser.
Label: tall dressers with deep drawers.
Label: tall skinny dressers. cheap tall skinny dressers. dressers and chest of drawers. tall skinny dresser wood and metal. dresser vanity for bathroom. tall skinny dressers called. cherry dresser for sale. tall skinny dressers bedroom amazon.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.318777
Retrieved Text: Label: grey distressed bedroom dresser. distressed black bedroom dressers. where to buy cheap dressers. large distressed bedroom dresser. black dresser cheap. distressed bedroom dresser. nightstand and dresser set. blue distressed bedroom dresser.
Label: crib and dresser sets in white. nursery crib and dresser sets. white campaign dresser. baby crib and dresser sets. chest dresser with mirror. crib and dresser sets under $400. thin drawer dresser. crib and dresser sets canada.
Label: tall dresser with small drawers. tall dresser for small rooms. white dressers for sale cheap. tall dressers for small spaces. cherry tall dresser. small tall dressers and chest of drawers. dresser hardware knobs. small tall dressers.
Label: blue dresser for sale. hermes blue dresser ikea for sale. 4 drawer dressers. navy blue dresser for sale. 6 drawer dresser espresso finish. blue dresses for sale. cherry wood dressers.
Label: unfinished pine dressers for sale. unfinished knotty pine dressers. 6 dresser drawer. pine dressers unfinished cheap. 9 drawer dresser white. unfinished pine dressers and chests. rustic wood dresser. unfinished pine wood dresser.
Label: mid century dresser for sale. bassett mid century dresser. changing tray for dresser. mid century dresser legs. target com dresser. broyhill mid century dresser. shallow depth dresser. founders mid century dresser.
Label: wood jantar 3 drawer dresser. wood tiled 3 drawer dresser. mid century tall dresser. 3 drawer white wood dresser. dressers for kids. ikea 3 drawer wood dresser. white dresser drawers. 3 drawer wood dresser.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.317255
Retrieved Text: dresser with 6 drawers 6 drawer chest.
dresser with 6 drawers 6 drawer double dresser.
dresser with 6 drawers south shore summer breeze 6 drawer double dresser multiple finishes.
dresser with 6 drawers home dresser 6 drawers.
dresser with 6 drawers cravens 6 drawer double dresser.
dresser with 6 drawers cherry finish solid pine shaker 6 drawer dresser.
dresser with 6 drawers 6 drawer dresser shaker cherry.
dresser with 6 drawers large picture of weathered gray ash.
dresser with 6 drawers design modern 6 drawer double dresser reviews.
dresser with 6 drawers 6 drawer dresser.
dresser with 6 drawers 6 drawer double dresser assembled in white finish.
dresser with 6 drawers joinery 6 drawer in maple with thru joints.
dresser with 6 drawers dresser how to build.
dresser with 6 drawers 6 drawer dresser 6 dresser glass dresser 6 drawer dresser glass dresser amusing 6 drawer.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.3158655
Retrieved Text: white dressers with mirrors used dresser with mirror dressers mirrors white regarding bedroom elegant decor pertaining and accents white dresser mirror.
white dressers with mirrors white dressers with mirrors lovely best ideas about dresser mirror on matching mirrored and nightstand 5 drawer white chest mirror on dresser.
white dressers with mirrors interior bedroom dressers with mirrors best dresser mirror ideas on inspire white and pertaining.
white dressers with mirrors transitional white dresser mirror.
white dressers with mirrors dresser mirror brackets dresser and mirror fascinating cheap black dresser with mirror white dresser drawers cheap black dresser mirror dresser and mirror.
white dressers with mirrors dresser mirror.
white dressers with mirrors girls dressers with mirrors dresser for room interesting girl mirror furniture.
white dressers with mirrors white dressers with mirror charming wonderful white dressers dresser mirror white dressers with mirrors cheap.
white dressers with mirrors cheap white dresser with mirror mirrored white dresser mirrors for dressers best white dresser with mirror.
white dressers with mirrors girls dressers with mirrors dresser mirror shining inspiration white layout design minimalist gorgeous furniture stores.
white dressers with mirrors dressers with mirrors for sale cheap white dresser mirror save now and accents.
white dressers with mirrors lovely bedroom dresser mirror dresser bedroom dresser with mirror white.
white dressers with mirrors dresser with mirror white and shelves dressers mirrors amazing accents dresser with mirror white.
white dressers with mirrors park white dresser mirror furniture with for sale dressers mirrors dresser mirror white.
white dressers with mirrors surprising dresser set with mirror white dressers with mirror dresser set mirrors 6 amazing mirror dresser.
white dressers with mirrors white dresser mirror.
white

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.309316
Retrieved Text: small wood dresser for thin called tall drawers white chest drawer small dresser antique marvellous wooden wood dressers narrow.
small wood dresser small reclaimed wood dresser 6 drawers.
small wood dresser solid small sticking knobs white astounding guides wooden pulls drawers furniture slides wood dresser drawer.
small wood dresser the name of the furniture wood dresser dressing table dressing table small apartment modern minimalist dresser dressing table of mini small.
small wood dresser ideas gr counters mirror bedroom for furniture dresser target sets difference and bureau set table.
small wood dresser natural solid oak small dresser image 1 express delivery.
small wood dresser full size of tall skinny wooden dresser narrow oak wood chest of drawers small home best.
small wood dresser small wooden drawer knobs mesmerizing small wooden drawers small dresser drawers medium size of small wood small wooden.
small wood dresser solid wood dresser fashion bedroom modern minimalist style with small desk drawer dressing table mirror.
small wood dresser medium size of bedroom small short dresser off white tall dresser long and low dresser white.
small wood dresser dresser target wood dressers gold oak pulls drawers drawer small rustic accents white.
small wood dresser antique pine furniture oak wardrobe french small one door closet mirrored old wooden shop s and.
small wood dresser dumpster dresser from.
small wood dresser white bedroom furniture dresser black vertical dresser black dresser and chest small black dresser.
small wood dresser hard drawer furniture dresser white open painted drawers small pallet sticking refinishing wooden unfinished wood.
small wood dresser solid wood dresser unfinished dressers wooden design for bedroom image of small modern furniture online

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.309239
Retrieved Text: kids dresser with mirror furniture stores san francisco ca.
kids dresser with mirror furniture discounters portland or.
kids dresser with mirror furniture discounters portland.
kids dresser with mirror s furniture rental walnut creek pk.
kids dresser with mirror furniture row near me.
kids dresser with mirror furniture stores san jose.
kids dresser with mirror furniture store near me no credit check.
kids dresser with mirror furniture outlet s.
kids dresser with mirror modern furniture stores san jose.
kids dresser with mirror furniture discounters chichester nh.
kids dresser with mirror sto furniture store near me now.
kids dresser with mirror hite furniture row near me hitehtml.
kids dresser with mirror furniture stores san francisco bay area.
kids dresser with mirror furniture row bedroom sets.
kids dresser with mirror furniture store near me now.
kids dresser with mirror furniture donation santa rosa.
kids dresser with mirror furniture stores san jose flea market.
kids dresser with mirror furniture store near me that delivers.
kids dresser with mirror furniture discounters reno.
kids dresser with mirror s furniture donation oakland.
kids dresser with mirror furniture donation berkeley.
kids dresser with mirror furniture outlets san jose.
kids dresser with mirror s furniture row locations.
kids dresser with mirror furniture stores san francisco peninsula.
kids dresser with mirror s furniture outlet alameda.
kids dresser with mirror furniture store san jose blvd.
kids dresser with mirror hite furniture discounters reno.
kids dresser with mirror furniture discounters chichester nh lgr127html.
kids dresser with mirror furniture row racing shop.
kids dresser with mirror furniture stores san francisco california.
kids dresser with mirror furniture store near me.
kids dresser with mirror furniture rental san francisco.
kids dresser with mirror furniture stores near me.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.306486
Retrieved Text: Publish by in Category decorating ideas at November 8th, 2018. Tagged with dressers midcentury modern. mid century modern dresser. mid century modern dresser and nightstands. mid century modern dresser canada. mid century modern dresser craigslist. mid century modern dresser diy. mid century modern dresser ebay. mid century modern dresser for sale. mid century modern dresser hardware. mid century modern dresser ikea. mid century modern dresser knobs. mid century modern dresser legs. mid century modern dresser makeover. mid century modern dresser missouri kansas. mid century modern dresser nh. mid century modern dresser painted. mid century modern dresser pulls. mid century modern dresser redo. mid century modern dresser refinish. mid century modern dresser set. mid century modern dresser target. mid century modern dresser toronto. mid century modern dresser vintage. mid century modern dressers and chests.
Midcentury Modern Dresser have 30 picture of decorating ideas, it's including Midcentury Modern Dresser Amazing Amazon Com Rivet Mid Century Stark 6 Drawer 61 W Warm Decorating Ideas 1. Midcentury Modern Dresser Stunning Amazon Com South Shore Olly Mid Century 6 Drawer Double Decorating Ideas 2. Midcentury Modern Dresser Cool Amazing Deal On Draper With 3 Drawers Decorating Ideas. Midcentury Modern Dresser Prodigious DEAL ALERT 7 Drawer Mid Century In Acorn Finish Brown Decorating Ideas 4. Midcentury Modern Dresser Doubtful Mid Century Makeover Decorating Ideas 5.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.300448
Retrieved Text: Label: dresser 24 wide. 24 wide dresser. antique dresser for sale. 24 wide black dresser. small dresser for sale. 24 wide dresser white. natural wood dressers. dresser 24 inches wide.
Label: big lots federal white dresser. big lots white dresser. turquoise dresser for sale. white dressers at big lots. worlds away dresser.
Label: dresser. shore. narrow white dresser. drawer. modern wood dresser. south. dresser drawer pulls with backplate. 6.
Label: tallboy dresser for sale. tall boy dresser plans. dresser with mirrors. tall boy dressers nz. mid century modern dressers. tall boy dressers. walmart baby furniture dresser. antique tall boy dressers.
Label: black distressed bedroom dresser. cheap black bedroom dressers. 6 drawer dressers for sale. black bedroom dressers and chests. marble top dresser bedroom set. black and white bedroom dresser. espresso crib and dresser set. black bedroom dresser kohl's.
Label: white dresser at target. white dresser target. gray bedroom dressers. white dresses target. black solid wood dresser. target white dresser kids. grey distressed dresser. white baby dresser target.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.299954
Retrieved Text: Label: campaign dresser silver hardware. campaign dresser hardware for sale. beach style dressers. campaign dresser hardware. black solid wood dresser.
Label: ameriwood changing table/dresser combo. black changing table dresser combo. white modern dresser. target dresser changing table combo. dark oak dresser. storkcraft changing table dresser combo. metal dressers and chests. baby dresser changing table combo.
Label: cheap black bedroom dressers. black bedroom dresser. costco white dresser. black dresser bedroom furniture. small dressers and chests. black bedroom dresser kohl's. white narrow dresser. black bedroom dressers san francisco.
Label: tallboy dresser for sale. tall boy dresser plans. kids dresser and chest. tall boy dressers. 15 deep dresser. antique tall boy dressers. mirrored dressers and chests. tallboy dresser white.
Label: old dresser for bathroom vanity. old dresser as bathroom vanity. discount dressers for sale. repurposed dresser for bathroom vanity. large white dresser. dresser bathroom vanity double sink. ameriwood 4 drawer dresser. antique dresser bathroom vanity.
Label: white dresser with mirror set. white dressers with mirror for girls. cheap dressers for sale. white dresser with mirror and drawers. nursery white dresser. white dressers with mirror. mid century modern dressers. white dressers with mirrors.
Label: 6. south. chocolate brown dresser. shore. red dresser for kids. dresser. dining room dresser. drawer.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.285822
Retrieved Text: 6 drawer dresser with mirror princess silver oval set malm.
6 drawer dresser with mirror international furniture direct combo wrought iron detail malm chest black brown glass.
6 drawer dresser with mirror pink furniture of and set in mirrored west elm.
6 drawer dresser with mirror and set malm instructions.
6 drawer dresser with mirror malm chest black brown glass.
6 drawer dresser with mirror by home styles free shipping today antique.
6 drawer dresser with mirror modern mirrored dressing table.
6 drawer dresser with mirror enter by malm instructions.
6 drawer dresser with mirror mirrored.
6 drawer dresser with mirror scroll to previous item chelsea mirrored.
6 drawer dresser with mirror style malm.
6 drawer dresser with mirror black used.
6 drawer dresser with mirror mirrored west elm.
6 drawer dresser with mirror mercury row reviews antique.
6 drawer dresser with mirror decorative set black.
6 drawer dresser with mirror white.
6 drawer dresser with mirror lot maple w malm chest.
6 drawer dresser with mirror coaster vertical crown main image malm chest medium brown glass.
6 drawer dresser with mirror black.
6 drawer dresser with mirror mirrored malm chest.
6 drawer dresser with mirror living mirrored in gray chelsea.
6 drawer dresser with mirror mason mirrored.
6 drawer dresser with mirror liberty furniture wood frame black.
6 drawer dresser with mirror furniture of contemporary 2 piece two tone and mirrored.
6 drawer dresser with mirror malm chest review.
6 drawer dresser with mirror wide chest mirrored.
6 drawer dresser with mirror perfect set on sonata cherry finish and malm chest black brown glass.
6 drawer dresser with mirror french s antique and silver leaf at pertaining to mirrored ideas 4 malm

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.282543
Retrieved Text: Table dresser droom tall. Tall. Best white bedroom dresser, white changing table dresser tv stand diy dark espresso dresser white changing table dresser tv stand diy dark espresso dresser white changing table dresser white changing table dresser best ideas about dresser white changing table dresser droom tall. Espresso dresser white changing table dresser white changing table dresser white changing table dresser tv stand diy dark espresso dresser tv stand diy dark espresso dresser white changing table dresser tv stand diy dark espresso dresser white changing table dresser white changing table dresser white changing table dresser droom tall. Dresser droom tall.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.26329
Retrieved Text: PromDressFashion Page 20 - Dresser Sets Require You to Understand the Wood Types. Solid Wood Dresser Remodel Tips. Mirrored Dresser Tips to Find Your Favorable Option. set dresser careers. dresser set amazon. dresser sets for bedroom.
Tags: dresser sets at aarons. dresser sets with mirror. dresser scarf sets. celluloid dresser set antique. dresser set anak. dresser sets comb brush mirror.
Tags: solid wood dresser bc. solid wood mid century dresser. solid wood bunk beds with dresser. solid wood dresser for sale. solid wood dresser free shipping. ethan allen solid wood dresser.
Tags: mirrored dresser z gallerie. dresser mirror brackets lowes. mirrored dresser australia. mirrored dresser bassett. mirrored dresser pottery barn. mirrored dresser art van. mirrored dresser canada.
Tags: box spring. green tea. brands. baby. ealthy.
Tags: bar. flooring. eclectic. menu. additions. saloon. estimate.
Tags: addition. curtain. halloween. spring. extending. architectural.
Tags: curtains. ceiling. sunroom. beadboard. designs.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.256273
Retrieved Text: Dresser white hemnes drawer dresser new drawer dresser white disney princess dressers for lm. New drawer dresser white disney princess dressers for royalty malm drawer dresser white hemnes drawer dresser white hemnes drawer dresser white hemnes drawer dresser white disney princess dressers for royalty malm drawer dresser white hemnes drawer dresser white disney princess dressers for royalty malm drawer dresser white disney princess dressers for royalty malm drawer dresser new drawer dresser white hemnes drawer dresser white disney princess dressers for royalty malm drawer dresser white hemnes drawer dresser white disney princess dressers for lm. New white 6 drawer dresser, built for royalty.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.254001
Retrieved Text: black 4 drawer dresser amp dark grey black 4 drawer dresser venetian black 4 drawer chest.
black 4 drawer dresser 4 drawer chest ikea black malm 4 drawer dresser.
black 4 drawer dresser shop black 4 drawer dresser chest free shipping today craftsman black 4 drawer tool chest.
black 4 drawer dresser icon furniture art worlds away upright 4 drawer dresser in black oak with brass hardware and base in greater and surrounding areas black gloss 4 drawer chest.
black 4 drawer dresser 4 drawer dresser craftsman black 4 drawer tool chest.
black 4 drawer dresser stage 4 drawer dresser gloss white ikea black 4 drawer dresser.
black 4 drawer dresser 4 drawer chest malm 4 drawer chest black brown.
black 4 drawer dresser 4 drawer dresser black chest toulouse black 4 drawer chest.
black 4 drawer dresser 4 drawer dresser ikea malm 4 drawer chest black.
black 4 drawer dresser 4 drawer dresser black metal furniture store ikea black 4 drawer dresser.
black 4 drawer dresser chest 4 drawer dresser nightstand black wood bedroom furniture kids men women ikea black 4 drawer dresser.
black 4 drawer dresser 4 drawer dresser in white ikea malm 4 drawer chest black.
black 4 drawer dresser 4 drawer chest truffle and black transitional dressers by venetian black 4 drawer chest.
black 4 drawer dresser 4 drawer chest hygena larvik 4 drawer chest black gloss.
black 4 drawer dresser 4 drawer dresser kith furniture black stanley 4 drawer chest black.
black 4 drawer dresser 4 drawer dresser black chest of 6 drawers black brown dresser black 4 drawer dresser 4 ikea brimnes 4 drawer chest

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To fight Ivan Drago in Rocky for sega master system.

Choice 1: Drago isn't in this game because it was released before Rocky IV.

Choice 2: You have to defeat Apollo Creed and Clubber Lang first.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.026653
Retrieved Text: Will “Rocky 4” Villain Ivan Drago Be in “Creed 2”?
The awesome thing about “Creed” was that yeah, it was technically a “Rocky” movie, but it didn’t wallow too much in nostalgia. It was a NEW chapter in the saga. It moved FORWARD.
But SYLVESTER STALLONE might want to abandon that strategy for the sequel, because he’s been dropping hints about the return of IVAN DRAGO, the Russian villain from “Rocky 4”. He was played by DOLPH LUNDGREN, of course.
Which is either just a cheap, soap opera ploy . . . or makes total sense, since Drago is the man who KILLED Apollo Creed.
It seems crazy that Drago could fight the young Creed, since Lundgren is 59 and MICHAEL B. JORDAN is 30. But hey, didn’t Rocky fight a young guy in “Rocky Balboa”?
There’s also the possibility that Drago has a SON . . . and the KIDS face off. Or maybe Stallone is just trying to see if he can get someone interested in this idea. Obviously, nothing is official at this point.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.24834
Retrieved Text: Dolph Lundgren Autograph Ivan Drago Rocky 8×10 colour photograph. Image showing Drago and Rocky fight scene. Signed in black marker.
UACC & AFTAL Registered Dealer.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.285965
Retrieved Text: Synopsis: After reclaiming the boxing championship title, Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone) plans to retire and live with his wife, Adrian (Talia Shire). However, during an exhibition match, Rocky's friend Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers) is mercilessly beaten to death by hulking Russian newcomer Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren). Rocky vows payback against Drago and flies to Russia to train for a Christmas Day fight. Despite their different training methods, Rocky and Drago both wage a long and intense match.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.070435
Retrieved Text: ‘Creed II’ - Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone. Adonis Creed faces off against Vitor Drago, the son of Ivan Drago.
Under the tutelage of Rocky Balboa, newly crowned light heavyweight champion Adonis Creed faces off against Vitor Drago, the son of Ivan Drago. Adonis Creed tries to seek revenge when he goes toe to toe with the man who killed his father.
Life has become a balancing act for Adonis Creed. Between personal obligations and training for his next big fight, he is up against the challenge of his life. Facing an opponent with ties to his family’s past only intensifies his impending battle in the ring. Rocky Balboa is there by his side through it all and together they will confront their shared legacy, question what’s worth fighting for, and discover that nothing’s more important than family.
© 2018 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures Inc. / Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.998184
Retrieved Text: Rocky IV is the fourth and most successful movie, in terms of box office gross, of the Rocky franchise. Rocky Balboa (played again by Sylvester Stallone), has said he plans to retire from boxing after recovering his title from Clubber Lang in Rocky III. A new sensation from the Soviet Union, Ivan Drago (played by Dolph Lundgren), however, begins to emerge as a top contender.
Following his win over Clubber Lang, Rocky retires to spend time with his family. When Ivan Drago (Lundgren), an intimidating, huge, Soviet boxer arrives in America to challenge the best American fighters. Apollo Creed, motivated by patriotism and a desire to prove himself after retirement, quickly jumps at the chance to step back into the ring in an exhibition bout against Drago. Despite apprehension from Rocky, who eventually agrees to help train him, Apollo sets the match between himself and Drago in Las Vegas. With Rocky in his corner, Apollo flamboyantly makes his way to the ring with a bigger show than when he first fought Rocky, which includes fireworks, a concert by James Brown, and a patriotic theme, including a crowd implacably hostile to the visiting Soviet boxer. The match turns into a tragedy, however, as Creed, after several blows is killed in the second round, after Creed, implored by Rocky, refuses to stop the match.
Feeling grief over not stopping the fight, and incensed by Drago's cold indifference to killing Apollo, "If he dies, he dies", Rocky decides he must avenge Apollo's death and sets a match with the Russian. The

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.790237
Retrieved Text: Wait, wasn’t that a plotline in the “Rocky” films?
Yes, this summary sounds familiar — those of sequels and reboots often do, and “Creed II” is a sequel of a reboot, after all. In the follow-up to the 2015 hit, legacy boxer Adonis Creed (Michael B. Jordan) can’t resist going toe-to-toe with Viktor Drago, the son and trainee of Ivan Drago, the former Soviet heavyweight who fatally knocked out Apollo Creed.
Indeed, the sequel steers clear of simmering tensions between the U.S. and Russia, which have dominated the news cycle since the 2016 presidential election. It’s a strategic storytelling move that paid off at the Thanksgiving weekend box office (it was No. 2 at the weekend box office with $35.3 million, E3).
“Creed II” only faintly echoes the sentiments of 1985’s “Rocky IV.” Released in the midst of the Cold War, it boasted a political agenda as loud as the flashy, star-spangled blazer that Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers) donned in the ring. Ivan Drago was introduced as an indestructible, superhuman contender, equipped with steroids and state-of-the-art technology and, therefore, impossible to defeat.
Played by Dolph Lundgren and often dressed in a Soviet military uniform, Drago was robotic, expressionless and incapable of remorse after Apollo died in their fight. Sylvester Stallone’s Rocky Balboa then headed to Moscow to avenge the loss of his friend — and America’s honor.
Nevertheless, “Rocky IV” became the highest-grossing installment of the five-film “Rocky” franchise, raking in $300 million worldwide. Drago has been referenced in everything from “Family Guy” and “Chuck” to a John Kerry interview in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.54958
Retrieved Text: With his military crew cut, and Soviet jib, Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren) could be described as one of Rocky’s more outrageous villains. Humongous, steroid fuel-injected and oiled Siberian machine accentuated with a very “royal-esque” Soviet trophy wife (Brigette Nielsen).
As a blast from the past, Creed II’s connection to Rocky IV was less about the plot, and more about the spectacle. The death of Rocky’s former rival and friend Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers), places the American into the Russian tundra, training in remote locations with a very minimalistic approach, with the big Ivan Drago training in high-tech, highly-funded environment. If that film was made in the Stalin era, it would be approved for Russian nationalism points.
The plot of Creed II starts shortly after Adonis Creed’s (Michael B. Jordan) victory for the heavyweight belt. The magnitude of this victory in scope is miniscule as he is then called out by a Drago, the even bigger son, Viktor (Florian Munteanu), a boxer who grew up in a home with no love, and just a cold and gray environment of Kiev, Ukraine – the point of exile for Ivan following his loss against Rocky.
Parading straight into the fight with only vengeance and reputation in his sights, Adonis is swiftly bruised and overwhelmed by the sheer mass, power, and speed of Viktor. A set of broken ribs and a ruptured organ later, Viktor is disqualified for a cheap shot after Adonis was down.
Even though on paper it was a victory as a result of disqualification, Adonis is emotionally, mentally, and even

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.47659
Retrieved Text: Home » News » First trailer for Creed II arrives online!
After previously ending on what many would regard as the perfect note to retire on, the “Rocky” franchise roared back to life with 2015’s ” Creed”, which shifted the focus to Adonis, the son of the Italian Stallion’s old pal, Apollo Creed. Now, “Hollywood Donnie” is ready to step back into the ring once more for his biggest fight yet in the upcoming “Creed II”, which has recently released its new trailer that you can see below!
Even without taking a gander at the trailer, it’s crystal clear that “Creed II” is even more heavily swept up in the nostalgia of the “Rocky” series than its predecessor. Not only will the film see Dolph Lundgren return to the role as the fearsome Russian boxer Ivan Drago, the film’s heavy will be none other than Drago’s own son, Viktor, played by Florian Munteanu.
While there are currently no specifics on the details of how Donnie and Drago go head-to-head in the ring, “Creed II” appears to be positioning itself almost as much a direct sequel to “Rocky IV” as to its immediate predecessor. “Creed” itself ties the most directly into Ivan Drago’s debut into the franchise with its introduction of Donnie born out of Apollo’s death at the hands of Ivan Drago in that film.
With the sequel setting Donnie up for something of a revenge match against the son of his father’s killer, “Creed II” could end up as both a blast of nostalgia and a companion piece to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.20423
Retrieved Text: According to new posts on Social Media, the cast and crew of Creed II, the sequel to the hit 2015 film, have wrapped production in Philadelphia. Production on the sequel had started back in March, with Dolph Lundgren reprising his role as Ivan Drago, Rocky’s Russian Rival who was one of the main focuses of Rocky IV. Also there on set was Florian Munteanu, who will be playing Drago’s son in the much anticipated sequel, and more than likely set to fight against Adonis Creed, who’s own father had been killed by Drago in Rocky IV.
Thanks to the instagram posts (which can be seen below) it is evident that production has wrapped for the film in that area.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.187378
Retrieved Text: Looking back, it wasn’t the military might, economic power, or moral right that won the Cold War for the United States and its Western European allies, but onetime underdog turned world heavyweight champion and Reagan-era propagandist Rocky Balboa (writer-director-actor Sylvester Stallone) who entered the ring against symbolic incarnation of the Russian Soviet Empire, Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren), and knocked him down flat. America won, but it took another four years before the Soviet Empire dissolved into Russian and former Eastern and Southern satellite countries. Thirty years later, the Soviet Empire might be a half-forgotten memory, but for Rocky and Drago, the Cold War never really ended. It just went into a deep Artic freeze, waiting for the perfect opportunity – a stealthy, unexpected, ultimately rousing combo of carefully calculated nostalgia and the one-two punch of filmmaker Ryan Coogler and actor Michael B. Jordan – to thaw and get the sequel Stallone apparently always wanted.
No surprise then that Creed II, the inferior, if still crowd-pleasing sequel to Coogler and Jordan’s 2015 franchise revamp, opens not with Adonis Creed (Jordan) back in the ring, winning the heavyweight title that eluded him three years ago (that comes later), but with a broke, broken-down Drago, exiled to the industrial wastelands of Kiev, Ukraine, waking his mountain-sized son, Viktor (Florian ‘Big Nasty’ Munteanu), for an early morning workout in frigid, sub-freezing weather. When Rocky defeated Drago 34 years ago, Drago lost everything: social status, wealth, even his wife, Ludmilla (Brigitte Nielsen). Drago has spent the last three decades pouring his bitterness,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.157825
Retrieved Text: Sylvester Stallone and Dolph Lundgren have reunited 32 years after their characters went head-to-head in Rocky IV.
The 71-year-old actor Stallone shared a photo of himself being friendly with Lundgren posed arm-in-arm as the two were all smiles for the camera.
The two looked pretty happy to be reunited considering that Lundgren played Rocky’s nemesis Ivan Drago in Rocky IV.
Giving an inspiring speech about how America and Russia should learn to try and love each other, Rocky appeared defeated despite winning the fight that essentially ended his career.
Now in Creed 2, the sequel to the 2015 hit which was a spin-off of the classic Rocky film series, Lundgren will once again reprise his role as Drago.
Although the Creed films focus on a new generation of fighters, Stallone has hinted that he and Lundgren will once again enter the ring in the rematch fans have been wanting since the disappointing climatic fight of Rocky IV.
It wouldn’t be a party without Drago would it? I’m gonna punch him. You know I gotta hit Drago once.
We can’t wait to see the two do battle once again!
The next film in the popular franchise is set to be released in mid-November 2018 and will see Michael B. Jordan reprise his role of Adonis Creed, the son of Apollo Creed, Rocky’s former rival turned friend.
Of course other details are scare but rumours are circulating that Adonis will take on Drago’s kid which would be quite the revenge fight as the Russian beat Creed’s father to death during an exhibition match in Las Vegas.
Although we

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.997704
Retrieved Text: Sylvester Stallone and Michael B. Jordan in Creed II - © 2018 Warner Bros.
Rated PG-13 for sports action violence, language, and a scene of sensuality.
Starring Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone, Tessa Thompson, Dolph Lundgren, Florian Munteanu, Wood Harris, Russell Hornsby, Andre Ward, Phylicia Rashad, Brigitte Nielsen, Milo Ventimiglia.
Written by Sylvester Stallone, Juel Taylor, Sascha Penn, and Cheo Hodari Coker, based on characters by Sylvester Stallone.
Directed by Steven Caple, Jr.
I remember sitting in a theater many years ago watching Rocky II with my brothers and a few friends. I also remember the audience standing and cheering in the final moments of Rocky’s (Sylvester Stallone) fight with Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers) as the “Italian Stallion” rose victorious. Such crowd-pleasing moments are the staple of movies like Rocky when an underdog finally gets his shot at glory. Trouble is, what happens when the underdog becomes the champ? For Stallone, the remedy has always been to manufacture less-than authentic conflict, as the hero with everything loses it all. As the rebirth of the Rocky storyline continues through Apollo Creed’s son Adonis (Michael B. Jordan), you can see some of these same issues resurfacing. Will Creed II have the same crowd-pleasing success?
When we left the younger Creed’s story, he had just lost a split decision in a light-heavyweight championship bout. With his relationship to Bianca (Tessa Thomson) blossoming, “Donnie” considers his boxing options. Meanwhile, in the Ukraine, the aging Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren) trains his son Victor (Florian “Big Nasty” Monteanu) to fight, with the hope of returning his name to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.709095
Retrieved Text: by Tom hmv London, 20/06/2018 Bio hmv.com Editor. Peanut butter, punk rock and pillows.
Stars Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone and Tessa Thompson all return for the sequel, while Dolph Lungren will reprise his role as Ivan Drago from Rocky IV.
The movie will see Lungren's Drago mentoring his son in a fight with Jordan's Adonis Creed, once again trained by Rocky Balboa. Romanian boxer Florian Munteanu plays Drago's son Viktor.
Steven Caple Jr, director of hit indie drama The Land, will take charge of the sequel, working to a script also written by Stallone and Cheo Hodari Coker.
Creed II will be released into UK cinemas on November 30th this year.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.5873
Retrieved Text: Ahead of a November release, MGM shares the second official trailer for Creed II starring Michael B. Jordan. As we found out in the first look, the Creed followup sees Adonis Creed (played by Jordan), son of late boxing legend Apollo Creed, preparing to fight Viktor Drago (played by Florian Munteanu), son of Ivan Drago, the man who killed Apollo in the ring.
This time around Adonis has much more to lose in a bout with his toughest opponent to date. He has started a family with his girlfriend Bianca (played by Tessa Thompson), and they also have a young child.
Sylvester Stallone is back to reprise his role as the legendary Rocky Balboa, as he also co-wrote the film alongside Cheo Hodari Coker. Wood Harris, Russell Hornsby, Florian Munteanu, Andre Ward, and Phylicia Rashad star in the picture as well, in addition to Dolph Lundgren, who returns as Ivan Drago.
Creed II is due in theaters November 21.
In related news, Michael B. Jordan is the new face of Coach menswear.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.373974
Retrieved Text: You have to give Sylvester Stallone credit--he has a gift for remixing the same movie over and over and again and making you actually care. Maybe it's because he focuses on the one thing that matters most in storytelling: compelling characters. And Creed II is full of them.
First, there's Adonis (Michael B. Jordan), the brooding, bratty, world champion with a chip on his shoulder. There's Rocky (Sylvester Stallone), the downtrodden wise sage who only recognizes his role in things when the chips are down. There's Bianca Taylor, a talented singer suffering from hearing loss and her love for a self-destructive boxer. There's Mary Anne Creed (Phylicia Rashad), the weary widow of Apollo Creed who is consistently forced to check her man-child son, and then there are the villains. Ivan and Victor Drago (Dolph Lundgren and Florian Munteanu), the Russian outcasts seeking redemption for the failures of Ivan Drago. Everyone has a purpose in this film, and everyone has a place in moving the narrative forward: avenging the actions of Rocky IV.
This is a straight-up reboot of a Cold War classic, complete with the final match taking place in Russia. You know what to expect. The challenge from Ivan's son is the kind of storybook rematch the sports world loves. You know Creed has to take the fight to prove himself. And you know at some point, Victor Drago will get the better of him, setting us up for a training montage that never seems to get old. You see, when Rocky IV was released, it wasn't

########
Rank: 15
Score: 41.61812
Retrieved Text: Creed II will find Michael B. Jordan's Adonis Creed seeking to avenge his father by defeating the son of the man who killed him in the ring. In Viktor Drago, Adonis faces an opponent who may be even more deadly than the man who killed his father, the Siberian Express, Ivan Drago. A new video for Creed II hammers this point home, showing Florian Munteanu's positively terrifying boxer who, like his father before him, looks unbeatable. Take a look.
Yeah, Adonis has his work cut out for him, although just getting in the ring with that dude is a moral victory if you believe in those. Like the actor playing him, Viktor Drago is a tall 6'4" and a massive 245 lbs and he completely dwarfs Michael B. Jordan's character, similar to how Sylvester Stallone's Rocky Balboa looked like he wasn't even close to being in the same weight class as Dolph Lundgren's Russian.
That size alone is a lot for Adonis to overcome, not to mention Drago's lengthy 79" reach. More than just being a shredded giant, this video from MGM shows Viktor Drago to have an insane level of athleticism and some seriously scary power. He looks like he could starch a rhinoceros with one punch.
At the end of the video, we can see the look of pure bewilderment on Adonis' face after taking a mean left hook from the Russian. He has clearly never taken a shot like that and he will have to dig deep and absorb punishment like he's never experienced if he

########
Rank: 16
Score: 41.0527
Retrieved Text: Ivan Drago is not a machine, and no-one is more stunned by that revelation than Drago himself. Seeking out the one who "broke" him appears to be the only way forward. Ivan Drago/Rocky Balboa-centric. Angsty themes.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.952232
Retrieved Text: I saw Creed II this past week and it was phenomenal! I enjoy the Rocky movies as much as the next person, and Creed II was a wonderful example of the form. It’s not a game-changer like the first Creed. Instead, it works the Rocky formula to perfection, building up to a climactic boxing match as exciting and as emotionally satisfying as any match before it.
It doesn’t have it’s own Apollo Creed.
Back in the original movies, Apollo Creed was a larger-than-life character and really bolstered the entire franchise. Carl Weathers was phenomenal as the ego-centric showman that was Apollo Creed. The character appeared in the first four movies. The big match of Rocky II was a rematch between Rocky and Apollo, and he stayed on as a friend and ally of Rocky.
And now, 30 years later, the entire franchise has been reborn using Apollo Creed’s legacy. The Creed movies work so well within the Rocky franchise that you’d think this was the plan from the beginning, especially with how they use Sylvester Stallone as the aging mentor to the young Adonis Creed.
The way Apollo Creed’s death in the ring to Ivan Drago in Rocky IV is worked into Creed II, for all characters involved, is nothing short of genius storytelling!
But Adonis Creed doesn’t have any boxing friends or allies. He’s just got mentors and his girlfriend.
I don’t even remember his opponent in the first Creed. A quick Wikipedia search tells me it was “Pretty” Ricky Conlan. Who? He doesn’t show up in Creed II, that’s for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.09738
Retrieved Text: As Ivan Drago, a boxer who was locked in a russian embassy you must fight your way through the streets of America to restore society. Guide Drago through the tough city streets and beyond to find out the source of all the chaos.
A technique to winning the game is to master the super punch (hold A). Time it carefully just when the enemy will stand up. Use the mega punch (A+S+D) to your advantage when fighting tough opponents. Have fun!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.919277
Retrieved Text: Take fighting to the next level in Real Boxing 2 ROCKY™ – the first authentic ROCKY experience for mobile! Fight as legendary Rocky Balboa and challenge Apollo Creed, Clubber Lang, Ivan Drago among many others to become World Champion! Ready for Round 2?
ROCKY with unique ROCKY-themed content and fight your way to the top!
Challenge an elite of boxing champions and fight players from around the world, night or day, in single and multiplayer gameplay across hundreds of exciting events, story fights, and tournaments in a never-ending Career Mode.
Master jabs, hooks, uppercuts, body punches and combine them with devastating Special Punches and Focus abilities creating the ultimate combo to KO your opponent.
Take on a new type of challenging opponent, each one available to challenge for a limited time before they’re gone. Defeat them all, claim their epic gear, and use it to wreak havoc in the ring.
Develop your boxer’s Strength, Stamina, Speed, and Endurance, level up your abilities, and equip powerful boosts to create your own unique fighting playstyle.
Progress and gain access to a huge number of unique, upgradable and customizable gear, enhancing fighting stats and abilities of your boxer.
Use a robust set of options to create your own boxer – from body mass, muscle sculpture, and attitude, to details as small as eye color and nose shape.
Invite a friend and duke it out in real-time PVP action to find out who’s the best boxer right here and now. Fight for the quickest KO and best scores across a variety of leaderboards. Send and receive gifts with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.725582
Retrieved Text: Fight for legacy, destiny and family when Creed II arrives on 4K Ultra HD, Blu-Ray, DVD and DVD/Blu-Ray Creed Box Set.
From Warner. Bros Home Entertainment, Creed II stars Michael B. Jordan (Black Panther, Creed) and Sylvester Stallone (Rocky, Rambo), reprising their roles as Adonis Creed and Rocky Balboa. Also returning are Tessa Thompson (Thor: Ragnarok), Phylicia Rashad (Steel Magnolias), Wood Harris (Remember the Titans), Andre Ward, Florian Munteanu (Bogat), Russell Hornsby (The Hate U Give) and Dolph Lundgren (The Expendables), returning to the franchise as Ivan Drago.
Creed II is out on 4K Ultra HD, Blu-ray, DVD and DVD/Blu-ray box set on March 25, 2019.
Q. Who directs Creed II (Clue, the answer is in our review)?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.685062
Retrieved Text: Forced to retire after having permanent brain damage inflicted on him in the ring by the Russian boxer Ivan Drago, Rocky Balboa and his family return to their old roots in Philly.
Ok, so this is the one everybody hates. Rocky befriends, and then is betrayed by Tommy “The Machine” Gunn and at home, has to come to understand his son all over again.
Yeah, it ain’t our favorite either, but it has its moments. Christmas with the Balboas…Rocky and Adrian playing dress-up in their old clothes, and a brutal street fight finale.
Rocky V takes us back to the streets of Philly as we’re meant to relive the feelings invoked by the original movie as Rocky and Paulie take young Robert on a tour of the old ‘hood.
A highlight here – Robert ‘Rocky’ Junior is portrayed by Sylvester Stallone’s son, Sage. They make a real sharp couple a’ coconuts.
Explore this section to learn more about this least-beloved chapter of the Rocky saga.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.40463
Retrieved Text: Under the mentorship of Rocky Balboa( Sylvester Stallone), light heavyweight contender Adonis Creed(Micheal B Jordan) faces off against Viktor Drago, the son of Ivan Drago. Viktor Drago had killed Apollo Creed during a boxing match. Now Adonis trains for the ultimate showdown.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.381184
Retrieved Text: Sylvester Stallone and Florian Munteanu in Creed 2.
In almost 50 years in movie business, Sylvester Stallone’s most beloved role is arguably that of Rocky Balboa, the working class Italian-American amateur boxer from Philadelphia who hits the big time when he gets the chance to fight in the world heavyweight championship.
The 1976 film Rocky was a calling card for Stallone like no other – and the character has deservedly etched itself in the hearts of millions of moviegoers worldwide.
Over the next 40-plus years, Stallone stuck with the character for eight more films, six bearing the titular character’s name and the last two shifting the focus on up-and-coming boxer Adonis ‘Donnie’ Creed (Anthony B. Jordan), son of Rocky’s former rival Apollo.
2015’s Creed introduced us to the character, with Stallone’s Rocky stepping into his corner as Donnie’s trainer, the actor graciously ceding the limelight to the new kid on the block.
Creed II continues to follow Donnie’s career, as he starts to enjoy his newfound success and plans to commit to his girlfriend Bianca (Tessa Thomson), all the while still grappling with his father’s legacy.
This latter internal battle comes to the fore when he is challenged to a fight by heavyweight contender, Viktor Drago (Florian ‘Big Nast’ Munteanu) – the son of Ivan Drago (Dolph Lundgren), the Russian boxer who killed Apollo in the ring three decades earlier.
It is a challenge Donnie wants to refuse but inevitably he can’t, seeing it as an opportunity to avenge his father.
Like the outcome of most of Rocky’s bouts, Creed II is best described

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.375202
Retrieved Text: The Rocky film series proper officially wrapped up in 2006 with Rocky Balboa, but the mythology continues through the Creed spinoffs. In 2015, we met Adonis Creed, the son of the late Apollo Creed, and with Rocky Balboa in his corner, Adonis' journey to the big leagues echoed Rocky's own journey four decades earlier. Now we're reuniting with him in Creed II, where he's facing off against Viktor Drago, son of Ivan Drago, the man who killed Apollo in Rocky IV. Creed II is less than a week away from theaters, but reviews are now coming in, and it sounds like this movie is a decent follow-up to the first Creed movie, even if it doesn't do quite enough to stand on its own.
Starting off, CinemaBlend's own Mike Reyes awarded Creed II 4 out of 5 stars in his review, saying it did just as good of a job as Creed "when it comes to pumping an audience up." The sequel asks the question, 'What are you fighting for?', and while Adonis is the main character having to answer this, resulting in both his body and heart being challenged, but the other important characters also deal with that question, allowing the cast to be used to their full potential. There are issues with pacing and not exploring the Drago family's post-Rocky IV history enough, but these don't detract from the movie being "totally inspiring."
Uproxx's Mike Ryan echoed these sentiments, highlighting how Creed II works well as a sequel of sorts to Rocky IV. With Adonis being

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.109226
Retrieved Text: Like any other film fanatic, I have seen all the Rocky films. The films are formulaic and predictable yes, but they are good fun with enough heart to keep the series going. I did like Ryan Coogler’s Creed, though not as much as many others. Still, it showed a fresh new take on the Rocky series and worked through a series of good performances and continuing the legacy of Apollo Creed through his son. I wasn’t sure about a sequel without Coogler behind the camera but honestly I don’t think Creed II skips a beat. its predictable and goes the route of Rocky IV but still fun to watch.
The film is about the son of Ivan Drago, Viktor and his rise in the boxing scene. he makes a wave and challenges Adonis Creed for the title. Creed has a lot going on, including a baby on the way and a falling out with his coach over the fight, Rocky Balboa. Still, Creed faces off against his toughest challenge yet in Drago, a merciless fighter who looks to hurt his opponents and ultimately avenge the loss to Rocky that his father endured over 30 years ago.
Without any surprise, the actual boxing fight scenes are terrific. People watching in the cinema felt every blow that Creed endures and throws. The film has a long running length which focuses on Creed’s rehab and trying to get things with his family and friends right which may bother some and be formulaic but I think its done with taste and still

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.02126
Retrieved Text: Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone, Tessa Thompson, Dolph Lundgren, Florian Munteanu, Phylicia Rashad, Brigitte Nielsen, Wood Harris, Russell Hornsby, Andre Ward, Milo Ventimiglia.
In “Creed II,” Michael B. Jordan, all hardened fury and wounded tenderness, reprises the role of Adonis Creed, the ardent bruiser who’s got boxing in his blood as much as his father, Apollo Creed, ever did. The movie is a sequel to “Creed,” Ryan Coogler’s astonishingly vibrant and soulful 2015 spinoff/reboot. But you could also call it the eighth “Rocky” film. And maybe because Coogler opted out of this one (he serves as an executive producer, but it was directed by the relative newcomer Steven Caple Jr.), and the script was co-written by Sylvester Stallone (with Juel Taylor), “Creed II,” far more than the first film, feels like it’s drawing heavily on a 40-year-old franchise.
Taken on its own terms, the movie is a rousing and effective sequel, with a couple of surprise punches and, mostly, a lot of smooth feints and jabs you’ve seen before. But if you compare it to, say, the second and third “Rocky” sequels, with their larger-than-life villains (Clubber Lang, Ivan Drago), what’s noticeable about “Creed II” is that it never quite comes up with a new character or situation that attains an iconic status all its own.
The movie opens with Jordan’s Creed pounding his way toward the knockout punch that lands him the title of world heavyweight champion. Grooving on his new king-of-the-world image, he then works up the courage to pop the question to the spunky and supportive

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.94641
Retrieved Text: Michael B. Jordan og Sylvester Stallone er tilbage som Adonis Creed og Rocky Balboa. Denne opfølger til hitfilmen ”Creed” er en fortsættelse af Rocky-sagaen. Som træner står Rocky ved Adonis’ side i tykt og tyndt, men under forberedelserne til den næste store kamp, finder de ud af, at modstanderen har forbindelser til deres familier og fælles fortid.
Sports dramas are not necessarily films, designed solely for the sports fans. A good story can attract the interest and can provoke the emotions even of people who do not consider themselves interested in professional physical activities. We have here the eternal Sylvester Stallone in the role of his iconic character Rocky Balboa. This time he is not the one to fight and to suffer. Rocky becomes a mentor and a trainer of Adonis Creed. The young light heavyweight boxer needs to get ready for the biggest challenge in his life - to confront the powerful son of Ivan Drago - Viktor. Supported by Rocky Balboa, Adonis will realize what are the truly important things in life.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.86471
Retrieved Text: Inter took a 1-0 lead over CSKA Moscow heading into the second leg, but the lead is a narrow one and they will have to face their Russian opposition away for the second leg set to be played today. And the situation that the Italian squad is facing reminds me of one of the greatest sports movies ever created. In Rocky IV Ivan Drago faces our hero in an exhibition match in Russia as well.
But of course Rocky was the underdog of that fight considering Drago had already slaughtered his best friend in the ring. And Inter is no underdog here. But then again an away match is an away match and one goal is easy to recover from. If Inter doesn’t remained focused on their surprising opponent then they might just suffer the same fate as many others. But to tell you the truth I think Inter’s recent form in league play should make them humble and focused on this match alone.
It is essentially a must win for the lone Italian squad left in the tournament because nothing is a guarantee in league play right now. Also is is likely their only hope of keeping Mourinho next season. But now I’m getting ahead of myself again. The most important thing for Inter is today in Russia.
It’s the biggerst match of the season to date and it by all implications can define their season. In other words it is a lot like a heavyweight fight between two worthy opponents.
In other words their is no easy way

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.70423
Retrieved Text: Play Nuclear Justice 2084 flash game by Newgrounds games .
Fight as Ivan Drago from Rocky IV.
Punch and kick your way through your enemies as the fighting character Abobo in this flash game.
Crazy Ninja stickmen fighting game.
Button mashing fighters with anime characters.
Fight other Irish men, drink beer, and unlock new levels.
Fight Sumo style in this fun wrestling and fighting game urban sumo with funny characters.
A fun beat'em up game. Use guns and moves to beat down people in blashbeat.
Fight with famous politicians from around the world in a combat duel.
Fight your way through hell.
Fight with different Newgrounds characters.
Fight and brawl in this beat-em-up game.
Fight in a super villain battle royale in this fun flash game.
Select your monsters and fight with other monsters.
Fight New York City Gangs to purge the city of their evil violence in this action-packed fighting game.

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Make outdoor pillow.

Choice 1: Blow into tin can and tie with rubber band.

Choice 2: Blow into trash bag and tie with rubber band.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.481113
Retrieved Text: Turquoise Outdoor Pillows Pillow Wayfair is part of great design ideas. Turquoise Outdoor Pillows Pillow Wayfair was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Turquoise Outdoor Pillows Pillow Wayfair was posted in October 14, 2018 at 6:00 am. Turquoise Outdoor Pillows Pillow Wayfair has viewed by 23 users. Click it and download the Turquoise Outdoor Pillows Pillow Wayfair.
Outdoor Pillows, Turquoise Outdoor Pillows was posted November 18, 2016 at 7:15 am by cinemaclub.us . More over Turquoise Outdoor Pillows has viewed by 1071 visitor.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.30456
Retrieved Text: large bolster pillow where to buy pillows.
large bolster pillow image 0 cushion covers.
large bolster pillow long pillows attractive extra cover bed.
large bolster pillow image of on extra double bed king size with cover long pillows pillowcase.
large bolster pillow long decorative pillows covers extra bed for daybed.
large bolster pillow round stylish and peaceful interior long called designs excellent 4 insert.
large bolster pillow denim pillows for daybed bed covers extra.
large bolster pillow pillows trendy extra long image for body outdoor click to enlarge cases cotton pillowcase white cover.
large bolster pillow cover wedge pillows buy extra cushion covers.
large bolster pillow daybed pillows size of covers with bolsters long and cases.
large bolster pillow round ticking stripe or seersucker tons of colors available pillowcase pattern forms.
large bolster pillow extra long day insert cushion covers.
large bolster pillow decorative pillows elegant lotus temple toss of for daybed.
large bolster pillow master massage 9 inch semi half round cushion cases.
large bolster pillow pillows for das bolsters and covers s outdoor.
large bolster pillow pillows for daybeds beautiful clad home tailored daybed with cushions.
large bolster pillow pillows for daybed full size of bedding stunning covers with outdoor cushion.
large bolster pillow outdoor pillows for daybed cushions daybeds decorative cushion covers.
large bolster pillow related post outdoor.
large bolster pillow pillows extra long photo pillowcase.
large bolster pillow long pillows linen cover extra decorative outdoor.
large bolster pillow outdoor pillows white cover.
large bolster pillow long pillows fresh and image of round where to buy pill outdoor.
large bolster pillow long pillows how to make a size.
large bolster pillow extraordinary ideas bedroom reading bed backrest

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.296478
Retrieved Text: Rectangular Outdoor Throw Pillows 2pc Decorative Pillow Set Perfect is part of great design ideas. Rectangular Outdoor Throw Pillows 2pc Decorative Pillow Set Perfect was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Rectangular Outdoor Throw Pillows 2pc Decorative Pillow Set Perfect was posted in October 14, 2018 at 2:37 am. Rectangular Outdoor Throw Pillows 2pc Decorative Pillow Set Perfect has viewed by 34 users. Click it and download the Rectangular Outdoor Throw Pillows 2pc Decorative Pillow Set Perfect.
Outdoor Pillows, Rectangular Outdoor Throw Pillows was posted March 6, 2017 at 12:31 pm by cinemaclub.us . More over Rectangular Outdoor Throw Pillows has viewed by 4890 visitor.
Outdoor Pillows, Outdoor Rectangular Pillows was posted September 1, 2016 at 5:05 am by cinemaclub.us . More over Outdoor Rectangular Pillows has viewed by 2484 visitor.
Outdoor Pillows, Rectangular Outdoor Pillows was posted July 23, 2018 at 3:36 am by cinemaclub.us . More over Rectangular Outdoor Pillows has viewed by 2533 visitor.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.079084
Retrieved Text: If you are getting bored with the customary wall materials, you have the capacity to to decide on textured walls with brick accents. You are able to also modify your plain pillow flooring by replacing it by hardwood flooring. This one of designer pillow modern outdoor cushions and pillows thoughts can present your adulthood side-by-side at a trendy way. For those who share a pillow with your own priest, you are able to create it with a mid sized pillow. Between your spaces of the bunk pillow, you can install a partition that may be utilized as a stand, drawer, and also staircase so as to join the top pillow and bottom pillow. This really is surely decorative outdoor pillows thought.
But, you will find a number of components that you have to look at when picking the designer pillow modern outdoor cushions and pillows. You should consider the lighting, colour shades, etc. Even you can find many ways that make your contemporary pillow a bit more rustic feeling by adding botanical outdoor pillows on your area. Now you should know that the number one principle to create simple bucolic pillow utilizes a great deal of wood touches. It ought to be your first selection of stuff and it will happen everywhere come from the ceiling and also your pillow frames, even you unwanted tables also. Additionally, this is depending on the kind of wood that you decide to cause you to as you living in your farmhouse.
In case outdoor toss pillows would be the kid’s most

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.012978
Retrieved Text: White Outdoor Pillows Black Custom Monogram Pillow Zazzle Com is part of great design ideas. White Outdoor Pillows Black Custom Monogram Pillow Zazzle Com was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
White Outdoor Pillows Black Custom Monogram Pillow Zazzle Com was posted in October 14, 2018 at 4:51 am. White Outdoor Pillows Black Custom Monogram Pillow Zazzle Com has viewed by 43 users. Click it and download the White Outdoor Pillows Black Custom Monogram Pillow Zazzle Com.
Outdoor Pillows, Black And White Outdoor Pillows was posted February 10, 2017 at 4:31 pm by cinemaclub.us . More over Black And White Outdoor Pillows has viewed by 4046 visitor.
Outdoor Pillows, White Outdoor Pillows was posted October 7, 2015 at 7:11 am by cinemaclub.us . More over White Outdoor Pillows has viewed by 1141 visitor.
Outdoor Pillows, Blue And White Outdoor Pillows was posted November 23, 2015 at 4:46 am by cinemaclub.us . More over Blue And White Outdoor Pillows has viewed by 3910 visitor.
Outdoor Pillows, Black And White Striped Outdoor Pillows was posted August 17, 2018 at 4:32 am by cinemaclub.us . More over Black And White Striped Outdoor Pillows has viewed by 4845 visitor.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.005325
Retrieved Text: outdoor cushion and pillow new pillow case 4 styles hot cotton cushion covers pillow office sofa zebra painting hug pillowcase watercolor horse cushion pillow sets discount outdoor outdoor cushion pil.
outdoor cushion and pillow brilliant patio couch cushions how to measure outdoor furniture for patio cushions patio decor inspiration outdoor cushion pillows outdoor cushion pillow covers.
outdoor cushion and pillow striped outdoor cushion french stripe indoor outdoor pillow striped outdoor cushions outdoor cushion pillow covers outdoor cushion pillows.
outdoor cushion and pillow modern blue outdoor pillows com for terrasol outdoor pillow cushion collection outdoor cushion pillows.
outdoor cushion and pillow how to cover outdoor cushions terrasol outdoor pillow cushion collection outdoor cushion pillow covers.
outdoor cushion and pillow decorative bird design outdoor throw pillow i am thinking of a bird theme for our outdoor cushion pillow covers outdoor cushion pillows.
outdoor cushion and pillow oasis palm trees outdoor cushion terrasol outdoor pillow cushion collection outdoor cushion pillows.
outdoor cushion and pillow mallard squared corners chair cushion outdoor cushion pillows terrasol outdoor pillow cushion collection.
outdoor cushion and pillow pillow decor lagoon x outdoor pillow outdoor cushion pillows terrasol outdoor pillow cushion collection.
outdoor cushion and pillow outdoor royal blue pillow cobalt outdoor cushion ray resistant pillow outdoor cushion pillow covers outdoor cushion pillows.
outdoor cushion and pillow remarkable outdoor cushion covers waterproof appealing furniture outdoor cushion pillows terrasol outdoor pillow cushion collection.
outdoor cushion and pillow wonderful luxury outdoor cushions outdoor outdoor cushions and pillows custom outdoor cushions and outdoor cushion pillows terrasol outdoor pillow cushion collection.
outdoor cushion and pillow mill valley outdoor throw pillow set of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.979748
Retrieved Text: World Market Outdoor Pillows Black And Ivory Geo Woven Indoor Throw Pillow is part of great design ideas. World Market Outdoor Pillows Black And Ivory Geo Woven Indoor Throw Pillow was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
World Market Outdoor Pillows Black And Ivory Geo Woven Indoor Throw Pillow was posted in October 14, 2018 at 4:48 am. World Market Outdoor Pillows Black And Ivory Geo Woven Indoor Throw Pillow has viewed by 19 users. Click it and download the World Market Outdoor Pillows Black And Ivory Geo Woven Indoor Throw Pillow.
Outdoor Pillows, World Market Outdoor Pillows was posted November 30, 2015 at 8:44 pm by cinemaclub.us . More over World Market Outdoor Pillows has viewed by 1062 visitor.
Adirondack Chairs, Adirondack Chairs World Market was posted November 30, 2016 at 2:08 pm by cinemaclub.us . More over Adirondack Chairs World Market has viewed by 2111 visitor.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.869041
Retrieved Text: Naturally inspired colorful stripes make our chenille throw even more lovable. Eligible items can be returned with a complimentary return label when a return is requested within 14 days of receiving your purchase. Not only do they add color pattern and personality to your outdoor furniture they create a layered pulled together look for your outdoor space.
Striped outdoor throw pillows. A warm stylish spot is never far away with this lovely throw. Shop allmodern for modern and contemporary throw pillows to match your style and budget. We have a large selection of outdoor pillows so you can find the style and color you need to match your existing furniture or new furniture. Outdoor cushions and pillows are a great way of boosting your outdoor decor style.
Pillow decor also offers a wide selection of pillow inserts that can be bought separately from our pillow covers. Buy sofa throw pillows products like herringbone pattern square throw pillow quatrefoil pattern square throw pillow in cream geometric shades square throw pillow in blue chenille stripe square throw pillow in sage stripe tassel square throw pillow in black abstract pattern square throw pillow in bluewhite. Simply add a toss pillow to your sofa or bed to bring a whole new look to your family room living room or bedroom. Choose the perfect outdoor all weather pillow from a wide selection of patterns vibrant colors and decorative designs or personalize select pillows with a monogram.
Shop for pillows and other decorative accent and throw pillows at pier 1. Finding durable outdoor pillows for

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.868782
Retrieved Text: outdoor pillow cases full size of yellow floral pillow cases outdoor pillows red and accent blue green sofa decorative replacement sling fabric for outdoor furniture.
outdoor pillow cases no sew outdoor pillow case from a shower curtain replacement sling fabric for outdoor furniture.
outdoor pillow cases 2016 sale corduroy solid decorative throw pillow cases soft couch pillowcase outdoor cushion cover for sofa outdoor pillowcases.
outdoor pillow cases handwoven kilim pillow cover 18x18 indian outdoor cushions decorative throw pillow cases jute cushion cover boho pillowcases for outdoor furniture.
outdoor pillow cases govow halloween decorations outdoor pillow cases linen sofa pumpkin ghosts cushion cover home decor replacement sling fabric for outdoor furniture.
outdoor pillow cases target yellow pillows bright full size of pillow cases outdoor throw accent cheap pillow cases for throw pillows.
outdoor pillow cases puredown jacquard throw pillow cases indoor and outdoor pillow covers wave pattern 18x18 inch multicolor puredown outdoor pillowcases.
outdoor pillow cases small pillow small outdoor pillow country blue small square pillow cases small pillow covers 14 x 14 outdoor pillow cases.
outdoor pillow cases pom pom pillow cover suzani pillows 16x16 outdoor cushions bohemian pillow cases decorative b00wu3rbso nylon mesh fabric for outdoor furniture.
outdoor pillow cases home outdoor pillow cases.
outdoor pillow cases sunbrella outdoor pillows outdoor pillows mist outdoor pillow mist outdoor pillow outdoor pillow cases blue green outdoor pillow cases.
outdoor pillow cases black and white striped pillow case black and white striped throw pillows modern stripes outdoor pillow sunbrella fabric for outdoor furniture.
outdoor pillow cases threshold sunbrella outdoor pillow cases.
outdoor pillow cases 11 colors pillow coversgreen pineapple pillow coverdecorative

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.80126
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 05:07:08 pm at 04/24/2019 05:07:08 pm in Yellow Bench Cushion.
yellow bench cushion pillow perfect herringbone outdoor bench cushion 610245 pillow perfect canvas yellow bench cushion with sunbrella fabric pillow perfect canvas yellow bench cushion with sunbrella fabric.
mustard yellow bench modern storage bench seat best storage bench mustard yellow bench modern storage bench seat best storage bench with cushion images on home interior decor catalog, goplus inch bench cushion tufted pillow indoor outdoor swing inch bench cushion tufted pillow indoor outdoor swing glider sit seat kiwi, white bench cushion yellow bench cushion and white outdoor cushions white bench cushion outdoor bench cushion white storage bench cushion white bench cushion , benchsite springy yellow benches httpswwwetsycomukshoppinkdoorfabrics, spectacular deal on zealous zebras on yellow swingbench cushion zealous zebras on yellow swingbench cushion, lumbar throw pillow yellow bench cushion linen pillow cover etsy image , yellow bench cushion bench seat cushions and how to make one for photo gallery of the yellow bench cushion, outdoor bench cushion x outdoor bench cushion outdoor ideas outdoor bench cushion typical inch bench cushion indoor bench cushion x chair inch bench cushion outdoor bench cushion , mustard yellow bench bobitaovodainfo mustard yellow bench seat pad mustard yellow bench cushion round by houses interior design pictures, yellow bench studio miami asydollarsinfo yellow and white bench cushion woody large upholstered by clippings, patio perfect yellow outdoor bench ideas contemporary yellow recommendations yellow outdoor bench new fresh black outdoor bench cushion new york spaces magazine .

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.754354
Retrieved Text: Looking for an oversized Lumbar or Rectangular shaped outdoor pillow that is bigger? We make custom jumbo, oversized outdoor pillows that can be used as a toss pillow or for a back cushion on patio chairs. These pillows are large and overstuffed and comfy. Choose from over 400 Outdoor fabrics for the perfect JUMBO patio pillow.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.483627
Retrieved Text: throw pillow pillows review cushion ikea outdoor.
couch pillows elegant large sofa throws and throw cushion cover ikea singapore pillow case c.
ikea throw pillows review rug pattern pillow.
mix and match cushion covers with throw pillows review ikea usa pillow outdoor medium size of cover dark gray d.
black pillow cover throw pillows and white decorative sofa case covers euro pillowcase w ikea singapore.
there are tons of cushion covers at but here is a round up my favorites i will start with the ones that have and love in house ikea throw pillows malaysia favorite pil.
sofa cushions medium size of cushion cover regarding pillows 3 bed covers full outdoor throw ikea white.
style striped decorative pillows for sofa inch geometric linen cushions throw pillow inserts ikea uk cus.
decorative pillows throw stripe wavy pillow home decoration cushion cover sofa covers pill ikea white cushi.
black and white pillow cheap throw pillows cabin plaid amp ikea usa bla.
factory direct sale decorative throw pillows hand embroidery more slipcover fabric cushion cover covers pillow inserts ikea white review.
rug pattern black stripe throw pillow ikea pillows usa.
inch pillow ethnic style geometric throw pillows country linen cushions for sofa insert ikea review c.
color block throw pillows pillow bedrooms ideas ikea singapore.
cushion ikea throw pillows outdoor.
pillow covers x unique cushion cover a soft throw road food ikea pillows review.
unique throw pillow with additional inspiration ikea pillows down.
throw pillows throws and cushions pillow covers for sofa s ikea uk hack to make two decorative out of one form.
throw pillows white ikea outdoor.
sofa back pillows large throw ikea singapore.
cotton linen

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.410824
Retrieved Text: Buy Modway Convene Square Outdoor Patio Pillows in Grey (Set of 2) from $32.99 at Bed Bath & Beyond. The Modway Convene Square Outdoor Patio Pillows will make a great addition to your outdoor furniture. Crafted of polyester the pillow features all-weather fabric for continued outdoor use and will dress up your decor with color and comfort.The Modway Convene Square Outdoor Patio Pillows will make a great addition to your outdoor furniture. Crafted of polyester the pillow features all-weather fabric for continued outdoor use and will dress up your decor with color and comfort.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.40764
Retrieved Text: shabby chic bench shabby chic bench kit.
albertsons patio furniture outdoor dining chairs.
concealed cabinet door hinges bottom price hinge concealed hinge concealed cabinet door hinges.
pillow cover 24x24 pillow covers pillow cover floral pillow floor pillow pillow decorative pillow cover 24x24 outdoor pillow covers 24x24.
black wall tapestry black and white elephant wall tapestry cheap dorm tapestries on sale black mandala wall tapestry blacklight wall tapestry.
wood top kitchen islands brilliant best kitchen love images on ideas live for amazing wood top kitchen islands wood top kitchen island pictures target threshold windham wood top kitchen island.
how to make a bow out of tissue paper week tissue paper peony flower very doable and turns out bow to make tissue paper flowers diy bow out of tissue paper.
tile ready shower bases shower bases tile tile shower base installation.
interior french door sizes full size of interior double french doors interior french doors interior door sizes interior.
cast iron cooking pots china south cast iron pot.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.330011
Retrieved Text: The Charming Tropical Outdoor Seat Cushions Pillow Perfect Inc Arabella Caribbean Blue Squared Corners Seat is one of pictures of outdoor furniture ideas. The resolution of Charming Tropical Outdoor Seat Cushions Pillow Perfect Inc Arabella Caribbean Blue Squared Corners Seat was 640×466 pixels. In addition to ideas about Outdoor Seating. You can find the other picture or post related to Tropical Outdoor Seat Cushions just push the gallery or if you are interested in similar pictures of Charming Tropical Outdoor Seat Cushions Pillow Perfect Inc Arabella Caribbean Blue Squared Corners Seat, you are free to browse through search feature that located on top this page. If you are pleased, please share this link to social media to make the people near you are also inspired. We hope some of the furniture design below can add to the beauty of your home or outdoor space.
Thank you for visiting, If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us, and we will remove it. We don’t intend to display any copyright protected images. We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect pictures. The Charming Tropical Outdoor Seat Cushions Pillow Perfect Inc Arabella Caribbean Blue Squared Corners Seat can be the beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according to distinct categories. Finally, all images we have been displayed on this site will inspire you all..
Amazing Tropical Outdoor Seat Cushions Bench Cushion Etsy. Fantastic Tropical Outdoor Seat Cushions Tropical Outdoor Cushions

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.314257
Retrieved Text: This is a customer favorite. The perfect outdoor pillow for Boats, decks, patios and more. Mildew and fade resistant for many years this Nautical Blue Anchor pillow is also available in larger sizes, just give us a call for the perfect size for you. The outdoor version of this pillow does not come with the fringe. This pillow measures 18x18 or 22x22. Use the drop down menu to make your selection.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.112946
Retrieved Text: pillow fan folding fan high temperature compression pleated pure hand decorative arts cushions pillow pillow fantasy throw pillow fanyi.
pillow fan national style nostalgia cloth pillow covers beautiful fan driving linen pillow case decorative linen granblue fantasy pillow fancy pillow material crossword.
pillow fan fan pillow silver mr fantasy pillow pillow fancy.
pillow fan 0 buy fancy pillow covers fancy body pillow covers.
pillow fan 1 fancy pillow cases to make fancy pillow cases for sale.
pillow fan fan medallion pillow cover pillow fantasy final fantasy pillow.
pillow fan sea fan reversible pillow by sun fancy pillow material pillow fancy.
pillow fan feathered fan lumbar pillow fancy pillowcase crossword clue fancy pillow cover making.
pillow fan chewy general fan art throw pillow fancy pillow cases fancy pillowcase crossword.
pillow fan fancy pillow material pillow talk fanyi.
pillow fan pillow fanyi fancy white pillow cases.
pillow fan sea fan coral print cotton down filled throw pillow throw pillow fanyi final fantasy pillow.
pillow fan one piece batman pillow case for hero fan super soft skin friendly gift hot green pillow covers pillow cover from fancy pillow cover making mr fantasy pillow.
pillow fan palm fan outdoor throw pillow fancy white pillow cases fancy pillow material clue.
pillow fan previous fancy king size pillowcases fancy king pillowcases.
pillow fan three rivers roar sports fan crest throw pillow square fancy pillowcase crossword fancy standard pillowcases.
pillow fan picture 1 of 1 buy fancy pillow covers sewing fancy pillow cases.
pillow fan fancy pillow cases granblue fantasy pillow.
pillow fan crewel fan pillow cover wasabi fancy pillow cases to make pillow fancy.
pillow fan boat bourbon basement i get

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.104963
Retrieved Text: patio throw pillows patio throw pillows sea shell shape geometric home decor pillow blue gray concise car cushion outdoor patio red outdoor pillows outdoor patio throw pillows.
patio throw pillows pillow perfect decorative blue and white damask square toss pillow patio furniture throw pillows.
patio throw pillows pillow decor image gallery patio furniture decorative pillows.
patio throw pillows kitten square outdoor throw pillow clearance patio throw pillows.
patio throw pillows light terracotta macrame indoor outdoor patio throw pillow pink polyester by world market outdoor throw pillows terracotta and indoor outdoor sunbrella patio throw pillows.
patio throw pillows patio throw pillows shop blue key outdoor pillow at find our furniture patio throw pillows outdoor patio throw pillows.
patio throw pillows set of 2 summer blue outdoor patio rectangular throw pillows walmart patio throw pillows.
patio throw pillows patio throw pillows jungle palms throw pillow green outdoor pillow tropical patio decorative pillow palm tree patio throw pillows patio furniture throw pillows.
patio throw pillows suitable for indoor or outdoor use our exclusive woven throw pillow features a vibrant green walmart patio throw pillows.
patio throw pillows pillow perfect orange outdoor throw pillows set of 2 outdoor patio throw pillows.
patio throw pillows patio pillows patio furniture clearance and patio cushions patio throw pillows striped patio throw pillows.
patio throw pillows patio throw pillows unique pillow perfect outdoor indoor tweed rectangular throw pillow set striped patio throw pillows.
patio throw pillows best outdoor patio throw pillows.
patio throw pillows accent throw pillows for outdoor patio decor clearance patio throw pillows.
patio throw pillows decorative outdoor patio pillow cushion robin mead flowers field landscape

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.071514
Retrieved Text: head pillow for adirondack chair head pillow head pillow for adirondack chair headrest pillow for baby head pillow head pillow for adirondack chair.
head pillow for adirondack chair staggering adirondack chair head pillow image concept poly folding reclining fanback adirondack.
head pillow for adirondack chair adirondack outdoor furniture seashell plastic chair outdoor adirondack chair head pillow adirondack head rest pillow view larger photo email.
head pillow for adirondack chair outdoor adorable head pillow and dentist recliner office pillows cushion adirondack lounge dental chair gaming support adirondack chair headrest cushions best adirondack chair company product image.
head pillow for adirondack chair chair headrest pillow office chair head pillow memory foam car lumbar pillow support headrest lumbar beach chair headrest pillow head pillow for adirondack chair.
head pillow for adirondack chair made in usa polywood fanback adirondack chair with 16x8 adirondack head pillow available in 14 colorpattern options siesta recycled furniture head cushion siesta head cushion.
head pillow for adirondack chair adirondack chair headrest muskoka chair head pillows photo design adirondack head rest pillow scroll.
head pillow for adirondack chair adirondack and patio chair neck head pillow cushions sunbrella fabric new adirondack chair headrest cushions best adirondack chair company picture of headrest cushions.
head pillow for adirondack chair adirondack chair head pillow click head pillow for adirondack chair.
head pillow for adirondack chair picture of headrest cushions .
head pillow for adirondack chair wonderful outdoor adirondack chair head pillow photo design head pillow for adirondack chair.
head pillow for adirondack chair adirondack chair outdoor head pillow forest green rare outdoor adirondack chair head pillow image design dharmendrame staggering outdoor

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.045265
Retrieved Text: Unbeatable Deals On Visions Ii Coral Pillow Blue 12x20 Beach Style Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Transocean in a multitude of designs. Amazing prices & fast delivery!. The biggest bit of Visions Ii Coral Pillow Blue 12x20 Beach Style Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Transocean furnishings you will personal, cost match guarantee, and number of other available functions you are guaranteed to be happy with our support and products. Evaluate the best Visions Ii Coral Pillow Blue 12x20 Beach Style Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Transocean furniture stores utilizing expert rankings and consumer reviews in the recognized. Enjoy free delivery and simple results on Visions Ii Coral Pillow Blue 12x20 Beach Style Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Transocean furniture, Outdoor Holiday Decorations and decoration. We offer an array of cheap Outdoor Holiday Decorations furnishings on the internet. From interior to patio furniture, we've everything. We are the largest online furniture store in USA and national exactly where quality fulfills affordability. Check us out today and find out for Visions Ii Coral Pillow Blue 12x20 Beach Style Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Transocean yourself! Find for Visions Ii Coral Pillow Blue 12x20 Beach Style Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Transocean .
If you've ever discovered your self unsure of how to choose colors for Visions Ii Coral Pillow Blue 12x20 Beach Style Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Transocean . material and furnishings, try this easy trick: Use the colour steering wheel. It is a surefire, age-aged way to determine which colours work best with one another. One color

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.936373
Retrieved Text: 17x17 pillow insert medium size of case lumbar covers cheap inserts.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of are euro pillows covers.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of throw covers solid.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of covers large.
17x17 pillow insert full size of covers outdoor.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of outdoor pillows covers throw.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of covers amazon case.
17x17 pillow insert x inch.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of outdoor pillows 5 throw.
17x17 pillow insert flag cushion cover pillowcase x inch.
17x17 pillow insert large size of covers outdoor.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of cover white inserts lumbar.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of lumbar covers.
17x17 pillow insert x polyester non woven indoor outdoor form.
17x17 pillow insert full size of covers amazon case.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of covers target bed.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of throw cheap covers.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of covers case inch x.
17x17 pillow insert feather down throw.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of cheap throw covers outdoor pillows.
17x17 pillow insert medium size of covers outdoor.
17x17 pillow insert full size of throw covers solid.
17x17 pillow insert decor throw x inch.
17x17 pillow insert full size of down cover lumbar.
17x17 pillow insert photo 4 of 7 polyester.
17x17 pillow insert large size of covers euro shams target.
17x17 pillow insert large size of throw cheap covers.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.920307
Retrieved Text: The Best reviews of Pillow Perfect Outdoor Solid Textured Wicker Loveseat Cushion Contemporary Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Pillow Perfect Inc Right Now To Bring An Upscale Feel To Your Home!, Fill in the rest of the space with stunning Pillow Perfect Outdoor Solid Textured Wicker Loveseat Cushion Contemporary Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Pillow Perfect Inc, You're going to get additional information about Pillow Perfect Outdoor Solid Textured Wicker Loveseat Cushion Contemporary Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Pillow Perfect Inc, Browse a wide selection of Pillow Perfect Outdoor Solid Textured Wicker Loveseat Cushion Contemporary Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Pillow Perfect Inc and Outdoor Holiday Decorations, such as oversized household furniture, We have a great selection of household furniture for any type of house. Cut Costs. Reside Much better. Daily cost savings on quality Outdoor Holiday Decorations. Daily Affordable Prices with an Incredible Choice. Leading Manufacturers & Top Quality, Distinctive Styles, Exceptional Service, Save up to 70Percent, Fast Shipping and More. Check out this deal and huge selection on Pillow Perfect Outdoor Solid Textured Wicker Loveseat Cushion Contemporary Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Pillow Perfect Inc. View for Pillow Perfect Outdoor Solid Textured Wicker Loveseat Cushion Contemporary Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Pillow Perfect Inc .
Finding inexpensive Pillow Perfect Outdoor Solid Textured Wicker Loveseat Cushion Contemporary Outdoor Cushions And Pillows By Pillow Perfect Inc that is also great quality can seem very hard there are so many various providers and designers, it's not easy to locate a real bargain. For this reason My Furniture Store

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.82331
Retrieved Text: The Captivating 17 X 17 Outdoor Seat Cushions High Qaulity Square Pillow Cover Cushion Case Toss Pillowcase is one of pictures of outdoor furniture ideas. The resolution of Captivating 17 X 17 Outdoor Seat Cushions High Qaulity Square Pillow Cover Cushion Case Toss Pillowcase was 703×642 pixels. In addition to ideas about Outdoor Seating. You can find the other picture or post related to 17 X 17 Outdoor Seat Cushions just push the gallery or if you are interested in similar pictures of Captivating 17 X 17 Outdoor Seat Cushions High Qaulity Square Pillow Cover Cushion Case Toss Pillowcase, you are free to browse through search feature that located on top this page. If you are pleased, please share this link to social media to make the people near you are also inspired. We hope some of the furniture design below can add to the beauty of your home or outdoor space.
Thank you for visiting, If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us, and we will remove it. We don’t intend to display any copyright protected images. We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect pictures. The Captivating 17 X 17 Outdoor Seat Cushions High Qaulity Square Pillow Cover Cushion Case Toss Pillowcase can be the beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according to distinct categories. Finally, all images we have been displayed on this site will inspire you all..
Appealing 17 X 17 Outdoor Seat

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.797337
Retrieved Text: You are able to go for the conventional shades such as red and blues are all so timeless, however, you should not be fearful together with the bright yellows or calmer light-hearted replicas in the event that you’d like some thing dissimilar to bring on your boy’s pillow. You should brave adequate to pain the pillows with directly colors in order to ensure it is like the focus of fall hgtv feature pillowlattice bordered outdoor pillow. The background of the partitions and floors should retain in non so your glowing accessories and furniture stand out too very well. So, you may play along with other equipment to create outdoor halloween pillows. Be certain that the pillow can well match the whole of the subject.
Do you know the best way to pick the fall hgtv feature pillowlattice bordered outdoor pillow? The window at the pillow might help sun get into the area . Perhaps not rarely, windows may also be quite a fantastic air flow path in the pillow. However, that does not signify that the window has to be allowed to introduce the space all the timing right? Hence we want a pumpkin pillows to pay for exactly the window. To be able to select the inappropriate, here are some tips for picking pillow drapes that must definitely be identified. The hints are about all you have to consider before choosing the curtain. So, exactly what really are the hints?
It’s possible for you to pick a enjoyable, girly and energetic theme without being overly lots of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.775465
Retrieved Text: Shop Arlo Interiors at Birch for a classic selection and the best. More information. Michiel Outdoor Throw Pillow Set of.
Michiel Outdoor Throw Pillow By Arlo Interiors.
Whether you just want to buy a Arlo Interiors Michiel Outdoor Throw Pillow by Arlo Interiors Bed Bath in a wide variety of designs.
Outdoor throw. Youll the Sassa Throw Pillow at Wayfair Great Deals on all D cor Pillows products with Free. It features removable seat and back cushions two throw pillows round arms. Incredible costs fast delivery! Outdoor Throw Pillow Set of by Arlo Interiors New for Thickest Metal Outdoor Furniture Buying Michiel Outdoor Throw Pillow by Arlo Interiors New for Thickest Metal Outdoor Furniture For a short time only.
Maybe you would like to learn more about one of these? Michiel Outdoor Throw Pillow. Shop AllModern for modern and contemporary Arlo Interiors Decorative Throw Pillows to match your style and budget. Shop Arlo Interiors at Birch for a classic selection and the best prices.
Traditional Crafted of Steel Arlo Interiors and Metal 1. Chandler Living Spaces Union Rustic Madrigal Bench. Shop Arlo Interiors at Wayfair for a vast selection and the best prices online. Smooth 100 Cotton Throw Pillow.
Rugs stand up to tough outdoor conditions with the aesthetics of indoor rugs. From button tufted headboards and sofas to shimmering gold finished tables and baroque wall mirrors Arlo Interiors offers the perfect pop of.
Up your sleepy space in the master suite with this stylish throw blanket. Michiel Outdoor Throw Pillow by Arlo Interiors Check price for Michiel Outdoor Throw Pillow by Arlo

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.752615
Retrieved Text: circle pillow chair big round pillow chair large round chair hang chairs a incredible for lounge espresso faux fur big round pillow chair circle pillow chair.
circle pillow chair home round chair cushion seat pad pillow b square pillow chairs.
circle pillow chair round wicker chair outdoor cushion large cushions circle circular patio suede circle chair cushion big round pillow big big pillows amazon handbagreplica big round pillow seat.
circle pillow chair big pillow chair large round pillow round pillow large size of to sew a round seat custom designer round pillow with button custom round pillows custom round designer pillow custom round pillows.
circle pillow chair circle chair cushion dailylive me rh dailylive me circle pillow chair.
circle pillow chair big round pillow big round pillow chair extra large round chair floor pillow cushion big comfy big round pillow big circle pillow chair.
circle pillow chair homeoffice breathable soft cushionchair cushion seat pad pillow deep gray circle pillow chair.
circle pillow chair big round pillow chair round wicker furniture large chair circle cushion circular big lots patio wedding big round pillow chair circle pillow chair.
circle pillow chair if youre happy and you know it make a pillow pillows are one of the best things for a beginner to tackle theyre fast fun projects for anyone and circle pillow chair.
circle pillow chair round circle chair half gold and bob 1 2 found on replacement covers slipcover target round circle chair designer ethnic round pillow decorator india big chair large floor designer ethnic round pillow decorator india big chair large floor cushion in.
circle pillow

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.642384
Retrieved Text: cheap yellow throw pillows navy and teal pillows navy and grey throw pillows blue and yellow throw pillows amazing blue cheap mustard yellow throw pillows yellow outdoor throw pillows.
cheap yellow throw pillows mustard yellow throw pillows inexpensive yellow throw pillows.
cheap yellow throw pillows caravan cotton yellow throw pillow inexpensive yellow throw pillows cheap yellow outdoor throw pillows.
cheap yellow throw pillows lemon pillow covers x yellow throw pillow covers inch yellow pillow cover pillow cover mustard pillow cover yellow outdoor throw pillows cheap yellow outdoor throw pillows.
cheap yellow throw pillows mustard yellow throw pillows grey and yellow decorative pillows yellow and gray throw pillows mustard yellow cheap mustard yellow throw pillows mustard yellow throw pillows.
cheap yellow throw pillows teal and gray throw pillows teal and yellow turquoise and yellow throw pillows teal yellow and yellow outdoor throw pillows cheap mustard yellow throw pillows.
cheap yellow throw pillows large size of decoration decorative throw pillows navy and white throw pillows toss pillows for sofa inexpensive yellow throw pillows yellow outdoor throw pillows.
cheap yellow throw pillows blue and yellow throw pillows impressive gray fair pillow x home target decorating yellow outdoor throw pillows mustard yellow throw pillows.
cheap yellow throw pillows inexpensive yellow throw pillows cheap mustard yellow throw pillows.
cheap yellow throw pillows yellow and gray throw pillows pillows new ideas inexpensive yellow throw pillows mustard yellow throw pillows.
cheap yellow throw pillows bright colored throw ws photo 5 of 7 attractive yellow w 6 decorative neon cheap mustard yellow throw pillows yellow outdoor throw pillows.
cheap yellow throw pillows black and yellow

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.625607
Retrieved Text: bench pillows ikea pattern entryway throw.
bench pillows s throw for seating walmart entryway.
bench pillows cushions outdoor sunbrella free pillow patterns by kimberbell.
bench pillows cushions outdoor 48 sunbrella window diy.
bench pillows cushions outdoor ikea patterns sale.
bench pillows entryway throw cushions outdoor uk window cushion ideas.
bench pillows window cushions custom free pillow patterns outdoor 48.
bench pillows mttress set pattern cushions outdoor target kimberbell pillow patterns.
bench pillows cushions outdoor target window cushion cover nz.
bench pillows s kimberbell pillow patterns entryway cushions outdoor amazon.
bench pillows indoor cushions outdoor sunbrella throw for seating.
bench pillows cushions outdoor cheap sunbrella bay window.
bench pillows window cushions diy kimberbell pillow patterns quilted.
bench pillows window cushions custom free pillow patterns outdoor.
bench pillows s by kimberbell window cushions ikea throw for seating.
bench pillows throw for seating cushions outdoor cheap entryway.
bench pillows s cushions outdoor cheap by kimberbell window diy.
bench pillows entryway throw cushions outdoor target cheap.
bench pillows by kimberbell window cushions diy pattern.
bench pillows cushions outdoor nz window custom sunbrella.
bench pillows s outdoor entryway window cushions diy.
bench pillows cushions outdoor amazon throw for seating sunbrella.
bench pillows s cushions outdoor amazon uk seating.
bench pillows ikea cushions patterns throw for seating.
bench pillows sasindoor sa bay window cushions diy indoor.
bench pillows by kimberbell cushions outdoor sale sunbrella.
bench pillows s cushions outdoor sunbrella 48.
bench pillows pattern by kimberbell window cushion ideas.
bench pillows throw for seating by kimberbell pattern.
bench pillows window cushion cover cushions outdoor cheap 48.
bench pillows cushions outdoor ikea window cushion cover by kimberbell.
bench pillows cushions outdoor amazon ikea by kimberbell.
bench pillows free pillow patterns window cushions custom pattern.
bench pillows

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.620789
Retrieved Text: Shop Joss Main for stylish Sunbrella Outdoor Pillows to match your unique tastes and. Results 1 0 of 0 Metal Flock 4 Piece Graphic Art Print Set On Wood.
Embroidered Fish Indoor Outdoor Throw Pillow Everyday 6 Speed 3 Qt Stand Mixer. This Chidester Hydrangea Embroidered Indoor Outdoor Throw Pillow is made from. Hydrangeas and jars outdoor pillow Masonville 3 Piece Creamblue Area Rug. Multicolored Floral Bhuti Embroidered Throw Pillow.
Plush and chic this beautiful Hydrangeas Floral Print Throw Pillow is an. Embroidered Floral 1 inch Throw Pillow.
Chidester Hydrangea Embroidered Indoor Outdoor Throw Pillow. Bring a little of the outdoors in with this beautifully embroidered pillow. Cultivate a coastal. Hydrangeas Watercolor Purple Throw Pillow.
Of Review Stars. 1 PRODUCTS.
Turn on search history to start remembering your searches. Like to learn more about one of these? 1 x 1 inch Hydrangeas Floral Print Throw Pillow is an. Sunflowers Hydrangeas Pillow Cushion Throw Pillow.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.61345
Retrieved Text: The bold color combination of the Flora Bunga decorative pillow will make it stand out among all of the pillows on your patio. The coordinating colors of red, white, gold, green, brown, orange and blue bring together the floral pattern of the front panel and the stripes on the back. Thick Richloom textile makes this pillow durable and easy to care.
This pillow is intended for outdoor use.
Care: wipe with damp cloth or dry clean.
Wipe with damp cloth or dry clean. For outdoor use.

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: Sentence: ice box

Choice 1: will turn into a cooler if you add water to it

Choice 2: will turn into a cooler if you add soda to it

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.159111
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 10:19:46 am at 04/20/2019 10:19:46 am in Icemaker Box.
icemaker box eastman 60234 pre assembled ice maker outlet box 12 inch cpvc ice maker box installation rough in location.
ice maker box installation,ice maker box revitalift,ice maker box retro fitness,ice maker box revitive reviews,ice maker box retrofit lighting,ice maker box retrofit meaning,ice maker water box height,sioux chief ice maker box,ice maker box lowes,ice maker box retrofit windows,ice maker box retrofit source.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.058779
Retrieved Text: If you are a recycler after that there are bin options that help you to do this more easily. Inside the same space that you could have your single trash could you can have 4 more compact bins, sometimes even in different shades to help you easily separate waste material. This can eradicate the problem of having an overflowing main trash can as less is actually going to the dump and more is being directed elsewhere to be reused or perhaps transformed. However you decide to manage your overflowing trash overload there is an easy option open to you. Cleaning up your trash area really opens up a kitchen and gives it an all circular cleaner and fresher look. An added bonus of getting additional junk cans is that although you will possess more to take out; your journeys to the outside trash may will be less frequent.
Mrspalmreader - Buy cheap ice box horse from global ice box horse. Related searches for ice box horse: horse box reusable insulated ice box ice box small made in china refrigerated storage ice box vaccine ice box manufacturer ice box ice brick cooling box ice box ice pack super ice box super ice box super cooling box roto molding cooler box ice box fish transport insulated ice box plastic ice box supplier in. Ice box online horse betting. Bet on ice box you can bet on ice box and many other famous race horse with go horse betting online we offer the best off track betting at over 100

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.590248
Retrieved Text: To make the chocolate cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Choose between a 10 by 3-inch round or a rectangular shaped baking pan and spray it with baking grease or …... "1919 3 door ice box-----found a vintage ice box/refrigerator at an antique store a few weeks back and had a vision for how it could be repurposed." "Shop for furniture on Etsy, the place to express your creativity through the buying and selling of handmade and vintage goods."
As for design, we want the box to be absurdly insulative for a couple reasons. First, more insulation results in a longer melt time on a given mass of ice.... Compare the size and condition of your ice box to the sizes and conditions of the ones you find listed. Determine an average price value for your ice box. Determine an average price value for your ice box.
19/10/2016 · -----PLEASE EXPAND----- How To Make a styrofoam cooling box please like, comment, share, and sub!!! Thanks For Watching!!! TAGS: How to make styrofoam cooler how to make styrofoam cooling box how how to make fluffy pancakes from a box That ice box cardboard cooler products are most popular in North America, Northern Europe, and Domestic Market. You can ensure product safety by selecting from certified suppliers, including 36 with ISO9001, 2 with Other certification.
6/12/2018 · Before the ice box, people kept food cool in caves packed with snow or ice, in streams, or later, in underground cellars lined with straw. The typical ice box was roughly the size

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.495003
Retrieved Text: Today Stephen Sharer, took on the floating box fort challenge in a frozen ice type of way. This challenge is where you make a box fort and try to float it on water in a pool or lake. The Sharers already have made a “BOX FORT ON WATER!!” in a previous vlog but they noticed that the pond had frozen over with a thick layer of ice since it had become so cold at their family home. Stephen bought some ice skates, grabbed the duct tape and got to work building a box fort and taping the box fort together. Stephen made a giant roof for the card board house. Once the card board box fort was all taped together Steven carried it down to the lake. The challenge now was to make the box fort float on the frozen ice water and not fall through the ice. Stevens idea was to put the box fort straight on the middle of the ice like in ice island and then skate on the frozen pond water. So he picked up the box fort and placed it on the ice and then pushed the box fort across the pond. It was so crazy to see that it actually could sit on top of the pond that is over 14 feet deep when its not frozen. Stephen jumped in and out of the card board box house all day long! Stephen was just skating around the lake in a card board box fort until something had gone wrong. It

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.466463
Retrieved Text: Question How to take the ice-box out?
Background: when you want to clean the ice crushed box or check if there is ice in box, you should dismantle and install the ice crushed box.
To make the ice crushed box fix on cabinet tightly, there is two grooves (Picture 1) on left and right side to match the flange (Picture 2).
See below picture 3: step 1, lift up from bottom till the top of box touch the cabinet slight.
Step 2: pull the box out and make the box touch the cabinet slight.
the box cannot be installed properly.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.28718
Retrieved Text: SALT LAKE CITY, April 4, 2003 - Linux Networx announced today new and enhanced features of its award-winning cluster appliance ICE Box™. As the hardware portion of Linux Networx cluster management tools, ICE Box fully integrates with Clusterworx® software to provide the most advanced Linux cluster management solution available. The new ICE Box features save administrators time and increase usability.
Command line enhancements - The improved CLI includes features like command history, command completion, clearing a line, and inserting characters.
Easier to configure - Users can easily view and modify the network settings using the LCD and Keypad on the front of the ICE Box.
Other features include quicker update speeds, a ping command for network diagnosis, and a "home" state that the ICE Box LCD returns to after an hour of unuse.
Standard features of the ICE Box include power management and serial access to nodes over a secure network connection. Support for up to 10 nodes and 2 devices (30 Amps total). ICE Box works with Linux Networx Evolocity Hardware to provide temperature monitoring, emergency beacon control and motherboard reset. Clusterworx provides an easy-to-use GUI interface that provides control of the ICE Box and much more.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.189739
Retrieved Text: You may recall that Seattle hosted an Ice Box Challenge last September as part of the Seattle Design Festival. The Challenge was a public science experiment to demonstrate the benefits of Passive House design and construction: Two boxes. One built to the Passive House standard. The other built to code minimum. One ton of ice placed in each and sealed for 3 or 4 weeks. Which box would preserve the ice better, and by how much?
The concept of the Ice Box Challenge began in Brussels, Belgium, as part of an educational campaign leading up to that city’s incorporation of Passive House into building code. It was replicated in Vancouver, BC (another city using Passive House to achieve its climate action goals) last summer. NK Architects’ Brittany Porter and team, with lots of help from the City of Vancouver and the British Columbian Passive House community (led by Ice Box Challenge hero, Shaun St-Amour), brought the Vancouver boxes to Seattle on behalf of Passive House Northwest. After three weeks on display, the remaining ice in the Passive House box was 4 times larger than the remaining ice in the code box.
After their sojourn in Seattle, the boxes traveled to Portland to be stored for an upcoming display there, organized by Birdsmouth Construction. But in the meantime, New York City set it sights on the boxes, and a whirlwind East Coast Tour was born.
With logistics support form NK’s founding principal Brandon Nicholson and the tireless Alyssa Swisher in our Pittsburgh office, the boxes made the cross-country trek and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.048508
Retrieved Text: Here are all the items you need to build a new box or rebuild an existing box. Everything from Hatches to Vacuum Insulation to complete Ice Box Kits.
The sub-categories listed below group our products related to ice box building into sets that cover the full range of ice box building supplies.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.046854
Retrieved Text: An ice cream maker is a small home appliance that is used to make small quantities of ice cream for personal consumption. It is usually has an electric motor that turns a bowl or cranks a paddle to stir ice cream mixture while churning. Some models have double-walled bowls filled with cooling liquid that need to be placed inside a freezer for hours before it can be used for churning ice cream. More expensive units have built-in freezing mechanisms that do not require a bowl to be pre-chilled.
Domestic ice cream makers are usually compact and do not take much space on the kitchen counter. Parts and accessories, such as the motor base, mixing bowl, paddle and lid, nest into one compact unit. When shipping an ice cream maker, it must be properly packed to avoid damage. Here are some tips on how to properly pack and ship an ice cream maker.
Pack the ice cream maker in its original box. Use pieces of bubble wrap to keep parts in place and prevent them from colliding with each other. If the manufacturer’s packaging is not available, wrap each part in bubble wrap before stacking together.
Then, wrap the entire unit with more bubble wrap and use tape to secure. Place the appliance inside a sturdy box lined with a layer of packing peanuts at the bottom. Fill remaining spaces on the sides and top with more packing materials before closing and sealing the box.
Place the boxed ice cream maker in a slightly larger shipping box. Keep the inner box

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.021797
Retrieved Text: Kennedy Hardware has the ice box hardware you need to complete a loving restoration or build your own family treasure. We carry everything: hinges, latches, handles, pulls, and labels. We even have vintage bottle opener attachments. Our labels are authentic-style reproduction Columbia and White Clad. If you want to build your own reproduction antique-style ice box from scratch, check out the Ice Box Kit. It includes Country Ice Box plans and all the hardware you need. Many people have been using these pieces in modern home bars, as linen storage, or just beautiful conversation pieces. We have even seen it used on some unique kitchen cabinets and bathroom vanity designs. All the ice box hardware is available in a variety of finishes.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.932745
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 05:51:38 am at 04/25/2019 05:51:38 am in Ice Machine Drainage.
ice machine drainage image titled clean a washing machine drain step 6 cleaning your iceomatic ice machine katom restaurant supply cleaning your iceomatic ice machine.
ice machine drainage chatiereinfo ice machine drainage ice cube making machine in brushed steel, ice maker drain line shapeyourmindscom manitowoc qma ice machine parts diagram nt, drainage pipe polar gb ice machine as catering supplies drainage pipe polar gb ice machine on request excluding vat, builtin freestanding ice makers ice makers the home depot freestanding or builtin ice maker in black, top best under counter ice maker review and buying guide best home ice machine, ice machine drainage chatiereinfo ice machine drainage washer drain hose to standpipe, ice machine drainage chatiereinfo ice machine drainage global plumbing installed a spoil piece for the heating and cooling, washing machine drain box ox fire rated drainage box cinemadco washing machine drain box , cleaning your ice bin simple steps you must complete easy ice simple steps for cleaning your ice bin, best undercounter ice makers , best undercounter ice machines best undercounter ice machine for the kitchen sunpentown imus ice maker with freezer.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.932049
Retrieved Text: Dairy and ice cream makers want their products to be kept in astonishing Ice cream boxes having exceptional designs to catch user attention. We offer custom made ice cream packaging in various customized shapes made according to your specifications. Handle Ice cream box manufactured for ice cream will provide ease to the consumer in moving the appetizing treat.
Ice cream packaging with lids and flaps will provide easy access to the flavorsome ice cream. Imprint your ice cream product image on the Ice cream box to flaunt the delicious looks to water the mouth of customers.
Countless color printing options allow you to add eye-catching looks to the Ice cream boxes. A packaging for luscious ice cream with dazzling shine will attract user attention by standing out on the shelves. Gloss and matte finishing on the Ice cream box provide distinctive looks that make customers feel special.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.824694
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 10:18:58 am at 04/26/2019 10:18:58 am in Cool Box Walmart.
cool box walmart ultradent ultrapro tx prophy paste fine cool mint 10 cups box igloo cool box walmart.
cool gear lunch box walmart,igloo cool box walmart,cool box walmart,12v cool box walmart,car cool box walmart,cool gear bento box walmart,ice box walmart igloo cooler bags hard coolers camping cool box camping ice box walmart, camco small currituck reusable freezer cold pack for coolers and camco small currituck reusable freezer cold pack for coolers and lunch boxes these cool ice packs, lasko cool colors box fan walmartcom lasko cool colors box fan, outdoor fashionable picnic lunch thermal bag reusable school storage outdoor fashionable picnic lunch thermal bag reusable school storage cool box thermal lunch bag reusable bag walmartcom, dove body wash cool moisture gift box walmartcom dove body wash cool moisture gift box.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.758951
Retrieved Text: Starting July 30th, all Daevas can visit bartenders in the capital city and exchange Bags of Ice from instance mobs or bosses. These favors can give you an Ice Pick or an Ice Block. Crack open an Ice Block with an Ice Pick to get an Ice-Hot Box which contains various goodies. The Summer Block Party is available until August 13th.
Bags of Ice will be dropping from mobs and bosses in level 30+ instances. Use a Bag of Ice to obtain an Ice Pick or an Ice Box. If you have both, use an Ice Pick on an Ice Block to get (1) Ice-Hot Box.
Ice-Hot Boxes contain various rewards. Collect Ice Blocks and Ice Picks to make more boxes to maximize your rewards!
Ice Picks and Ice Blocks are also available on the Black Cloud Marketplace.
Pick up a free daily drink from the Bartender located in Pandaemonium or Sanctum . Your first cocktail is on the house but in case you were still thirsty, trade Ice Blocks with the Bartender for another drink.
The Cocktail Shaker will provide two of the following drinks: [Event] Manduri Sour, [Event] Blue Atreia, [Event] Ribbit Sunrise, [Event] Brommeltini. Each cocktail will last for 30 minutes and increases your natural healing, natural mana treatment, and DP. These quests can be completed once a day.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.749009
Retrieved Text: Ice Maker Water Line Valve Architecture | Netmostwebdesign.com ice maker water line valve box. replace ice maker water line supply valve. pex ice maker water line valve.
Ice Maker Water Line Valve Really Encourage YouTube Pertaining To 2. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Encourage Plumbing How Can I Add An Home Improvement Pertaining To 3. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Elegant DIY Appliance Repair How To Install An With Regard 4. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Attractive Shop Oatey Quarter Turn Ball Copper Sweat Outlet Box Intended For 5. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Comfy Supply Is Freezing The Home Depot Community Pertaining To 6. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Desire Plumbing What Can I Do About A Saddle That Won T Turn On With Regard To 7. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Comfy Shut Off Valves Appliance Repair With Regard To 8. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Incredible Refrigerator Supply Frozen In Addition To 9. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Inspire Removing A To Non Existant Terry Love Regarding 10. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Encourage Options For Plumbing Dedicated To Espresso Machine Intended 11. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Amazing Quick Connect Kit By John Guest 12. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Really Encourage Plumbing What Parts Are Needed To Add A Shutoff 1 4 Intended For 13. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Home How To Install Fridge For PEX RedFlagDeals Com Forums Regarding 14. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Fantasy Icemaker Outlet Boxes And Also 15. Ice Maker Water Line Valve Warm Appliance Repair

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.643094
Retrieved Text: This project is not for the faint of heart when it comes to DIY projects. However, I'm going to include an option to make it a little more user friendly.
So, what is this amazing project I just had to blog about? It's the best thing since sliced bread when it comes to hosting a super fun summer party. Imagine, if you will, a table! But, it's not just any table. This table has a built-in icebox. No need to keep the food and conversation in one spot and the drinks in another. And, there's no need to interrupt a perfectly good conversation to get up to refresh your drink.
As indicated, this project even makes me twinge a little when I looked at the original designs at Remodelaholic. So, I figured I could try to do something similar with something you may already have lying around - or something you might be able to get your hands on easily if you know someone who is getting rid of one of those campground-style picnic tables (or something similar).
Much like the guide from Remodelaholic, you're going to want to measure out and build your ice box supports. To do so with a table that is already built, locate and mark your supports (these are the cross pieces found underneath the tabletop wood pieces. There should be a support at either end of the table, and one in the middle. Since we're using a table that is already built, you need to find out how big of a box you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.606648
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 09:58:14 pm at 04/24/2019 09:58:14 pm in Cube Bin.
cube bin mainstays sequin collapsible storage cube bins 2 pack rubbermaid ice cube bin reviews wayfair ice cube bin.
ashata pcs storage box household organizer fabric cube bin basket ashata pcs storage box household organizer fabric cube bin basket container drawer,storage bin cube blue in x in x in , stripesaroundthecubebin kuzaks closet stripesaroundthecubebin, sterilite ice cube bin white shop your way online shopping sterilite ice cube bin white, rubbermaid ice cube bin reviews wayfair ice cube bin, spectacular deals on gymax pcs rattan storage baskets nest nesting gymax pcs rattan storage baskets nest nesting cube bin box, cloth storage cube white fabric storage cubes inch cube bins image cloth storage cube white fabric storage cubes inch cube bins image of bin o wire storage, amazoncom wo baby foldable canvas fabric toy storage boxcubebin wo baby foldable canvas fabric toy storage boxcubebinchestbasket, pc fashional home storage household organizer colourful cube bin pc fashional home storage household organizer colourful cube bin fabric laminated foldable cm cube storage box, rubbermaid ice cube bin , clean cube solar energy compaction bin ese world esi external works clean cube compaction bins.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.577089
Retrieved Text: pokemon mega charizard ex box photo photo photo photo pokemon mega charizard collection box pokemon mega charizard ex y box.
magic labyrinth board game magic labyrinth tin box magic labyrinth board game canada the magic labyrinth board game rules.
break evolution box cards break evolution box 3 break 1 oversize pokemon tcg break evolution box featuring ho oh and lugia pokemon break evolution box opening.
night at the roxbury and woody channel a night at the at the night roxbury theme song night at the roxbury gifts.
fisher price piano mat photo 2 of 9 fisher price kick play piano gym blue fisher price gym mat fisher price piano mat babies r us fisher price piano mat walmart.
crazy art ice cream maker ice cream cake maker crazy kitchen adventure and cooking fun game messy kitchen cartoon crazy art ice cream maker instructions crazy art ice cream machine.
the squirrel board ninja squirrel board game fall squirrel bulletin board ideas.
yes to tomatoes paper mask yes to tomatoes acne fighting paper sheet mask 1 count new yes to tomatoes paper mask yes to tomatoes detoxifying charcoal paper mask.
lea perrins steak sauce lea and perrins steak sauce nutrition is lea and perrins traditional steak sauce gluten free.
small bottle of baileys a cl bottle of in presentation box cl bottles of vodka small bottles small bottle baileys bottle of baileys tesco.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.562496
Retrieved Text: The NDP20 ice maker produces 22kg of 'cube' shaped ice in each 24 hour period and has a bin capacity of 6kg. These new generation machines have been designed for better access to all components, making installation and servicing operations easier than ever. AISI 304 18/10 Stainless Steel with box type frame and stainless steel pillars make this machine the strongest in the market.
The NG45 ice maker produces 38kg of 'top hat' shaped ice in each 24 hour period and has a bin capacity of 20kg. These new generation machines have been designed for better access to all components, making installation and servicing operations easier than ever. AISI 304 18/10 Stainless Steel with box type frame and stainless steel pillars make this machine the strongest in the market.
The NG60 ice maker produces 53kg of 'top hat' shaped ice in each 24 hour period and has a bin capacity of 25kg. These new generation machines have been designed for better access to all components, making installation and servicing operations easier than ever. AISI 304 18/10 Stainless Steel with box type frame and stainless steel pillars make this machine the strongest in the market.
The NG110 ice maker produces 105kg of 'top hat' shaped ice in each 24 hour period and has a bin capacity of 60kg. These new generation machines have been designed for better access to all components, making installation and servicing operations easier than ever. AISI 304 18/10 Stainless Steel with box type frame and stainless steel pillars make this machine the strongest in the market.
The

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.543863
Retrieved Text: How long can 1,800 pounds of ice survive a DC summer?
Washington, DC (July 11, 2018) – Two multi-colored tiny houses have popped up in Brussels, New York City, Vancouver, and now Washington, DC to raise awareness about hyper energy-efficient buildings. The Golden Triangle Business Improvement District (BID) is teaming-up with the creators of the Ice Box Challenge and partners from the European Union, the Embassy of Belgium, the District of Columbia government and Nicholson Kovalchick (NK) Architects to present a fun public science experiment in Farragut Square for two weeks. The two small houses, each built using different designs and materials, are filled with 1,800 pounds of ice and left in the scorching summer sun to compare the impact of energy efficient practices.
The Ice Box Challenge features two small structures: one built to 2015 International Building Code and the other built to the high-energy efficiency Passive House Standard. The public is invited to join the Ice Box Challenge by visiting the two Ice Boxes in Farragut Square and taking a guess at how much ice will be left in each at the end of two weeks. Those who are 18 and older are encouraged to go to www.dc.iceboxchallenge.com/ to participate in the competition. Prizes will be awarded for the closest guesses.
On July 20, the remaining ice will be measured to see how well each Ice Box kept out the summer heat. The big reveal will be held on July 20 at 12:30 p.m in Farragut Square.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.541401
Retrieved Text: ice chest with wheels 75 quart xtreme 5 wheeled cooler white quart ice chest on wheels orsatv yakqwhiteicechestfrontwheels.
ice chest with wheels plus one cooler cart ice chest box carrier wagon with on 4 wheels wheeled igloo yeti amazoncom igloo wheelie cool ice chest on wheels qt sports igloo wheelie cool ice chest on wheels qt.
ice chest with wheels metal ice chest metal ice chest stainless steel ice chest on wheels amazing coolers on wheels toprated models of rubbermaid extreme day wheeled ice chest rolling cooler.
ice chest with wheels rubbermaid 75 qt 5 day wheeled ice chest blue trinity qt gal stainless steel standing wheeled cooler ice stainless steel standing wheeled cooler ice chest cart.
ice chest with wheels cooler amazoncom coolest cooler quart white russian premium ice coolest cooler quart white russian premium ice chest with bluetooth speaker.
ice chest with wheels yak 70q white ice chest front wheels 1 rubbermaid wheel ice chest auctions online proxibid rubbermaid wheel ice chest gallon capacity local pick up.
ice chest with wheels ice cooler coleman xtreme rolling ice chest with wheels this ice box is the metal ice chest metal ice chest stainless steel ice chest on wheels metal ice chest metal ice chest stainless steel ice chest on wheels.
ice chest with wheels outdoor cooler cart quart rolling wheels ice chest portable patio party bar drink entertaining on ch cooler cart ice chest box carrier wagon with on wheels igloo yeti cooler cart ice chest box carrier wagon with on wheels igloo yeti coleman pelican grizzly rubbermaid.
ice chest with wheels igloo

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.5396595
Retrieved Text: Being the best ambulance network in india, VMEDO provides mortuary Ice Box Number in and around bangalore. VMEDO believes in providing high quality ambulance with the best network of ambulance service providers across india at affordable and low cost. One can book ambulance online in india through ambulance helpline number 9343 180000, ambulance app and VMEDO website. We provide high quality Ambulance Service in India at affordable/ Low cost.
One can book Ambulance online in india through, Ambulance app and VMEDO website. Our Ambulance phone number, for mortuary Ice Box Number in bangalore is 9343-18000.
We provide mortuary Ice Box Number in bangalore at very competitive cost. Get cost for mortuary Ice Box Number in bangalore by calling our 24×7 Ambulance Number or through our ambulance app.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.504901
Retrieved Text: I’m spending a week flying out of Narsarsuaq, south Greenland, with colleague Dr. Robert Fausto, to maintain climate stations equipped to monitor surface ice melt in great detail. Part of the Danish PROMICE network, the stations obtain surface energy and mass budget closure. The closure means that calculated melt matches with observed melt.
coming in to land at a PROMICE climate station, one of 22 on Greenland ice operated by GEUS. Photo J. Box.
Flying across this vast space and on the ground, I’m is struck by how abundant snow algae and other light absorbing impurities can be. The low reflectivity impurities amplify the effects of the increasing melt season. Increased melt means a shorter duration of highly reflective snow cover. The prolonged exposure of an impurity-rich bare ice surface multiplies melt rates. I’ve calculated that without this albedo feedback, the increase in melt rates would amount to half of what’s observed. Some of this feedback is due to ice crystal rounding. Some is due to the impurities. Measuring the relative importance of metamorphic and impurity driven albedo reduction is a subject of our work.
boots on the ice offer a close look (and to sample) impurities concentrating at the surface. The fact is, much of this dark material is from cyanobacteria and blue-green algae. Photo J. Box.
puddles often form with this kind of ‘algal slick’. Photo J. Box.
It’s exciting to be working with Dr. Marek Stibal who studies the microbial environment on Arctic ice. Together with his data, the surface energy exchange data from the PROMICE climate stations

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.499703
Retrieved Text: Ideal for organizing all of your tiny ice baits, the Clam Small Soft Sided Tackle Organizer helps you keep your tackle box clean. This organizer includes a binder of five resealable bags for your soft baits, a mesh pocket, and a little tackle box for ice jigs. Keep your baits ready to hit the water with the Clam Small Soft Sided Tackle Organizer.
Ideal for organizing all of your tiny ice baits, the Clam Small Soft Sided Tackle Organizer helps you keep your tackle box clean. The outer shell is built with 600 denier fabric for ultra durability. Inside this organizer is a binder of five resealable bags for your soft small baits, a mesh pocket, and a little tackle box for ice jigs. Keep your baits ready to hit the water with the Clam Small Soft Sided Tackle Organizer.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.386358
Retrieved Text: INSTRUCTIONS. FOR PROPER USE AND CARE. ®. IMPORTANT! Please keep these instructions and your original box packaging. Automatic. Ice Crusher.
Hopkins - 3-3/4 in. Ice-Crusher Scraper - This handy product features a sturdy plastic handle that is 7 inches long and plastic blade that is 4-1/2 inches in length.
Currently viewing archives from Orangeville Ice Crushers.
Menu for CLAWSON Machine Commercial In-line, Stand-alone & Rotary Ice Crushers & Ice Shavers.
Shop outside the big box, with unique items for ice crusher from thousands of independent designers and vintage collectors on Etsy.
Shop for Ice crushers and shavers kitchen appliances at Target. Find a wide selection of Ice crushers and shavers kitchen appliances within our kitchen applia.
Find great deals on zenith for Ice Crusher in Collectible Small Kitchen Appliances. Shop with confidence.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.322146
Retrieved Text: Has anyone ever gotten this?
My wife gave me a 3-month subscription for Christmas. I received the first box in December and I was pretty impressed. I recently received the January edition. I was very disappointed. In the box were a couple ice jigs, some loose hooks, a bobber, and a crankbait lure.
I definitely don't do any casting or trolling when I ice fish, so are there any suggestions on how to use this?
Re: Lucky Tackle Box "Ice Fishing edition/Subscription"
I've got a subscription to "mystery tackle box" Switched it to ice fishing for the winter months, and have been happy with the products they send. As for your question on what to do with that lure, bring a chain saw, cut a long thin section of ice out and walk back and forth pulling it through the water!
It’s very easy on how to use it! You go down to your local post office and mail it to me DM me for my address  On a serious note, all the lures I get and don’t or won’t ever use I put together little tackle boxes and give them to kids I see fishing when traveling with our bass boat or just driving around.
Any kind of kit is usually 90% garbage. That's how they make money.
I just packed the chainsaw on the sled, along with a medium action spin rod with 8lb test.
Thanks Guys, that was great!
This is for sure the case. It is most likely overstock items that no one wants and this is how they can

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.313318
Retrieved Text: Hello Kitty Chef Ice Cream Maker is a Puzzle game on GaHe.Com. You can play Hello Kitty Chef Ice Cream Maker in your browser for free. One day hello kitty was alone in his home and felt bored. Suddenly he got a sound from his rooftop, he saw a gift box in front of him. He opened the box and the gift was an ice cream maker. Hello kitty is eager to know how it works. Help him to assemble the maker and to prepare the ice cream. Add 3 teaspoons cream, 1 cup of milk, sugar, salt and mix it well. put the ice cubes into the container and pour the cream mixture in the Ice cream maker, rotate the handle for a few minutes to get a delicious ice cream. Decorate the ice cream with cherries. Delicious and yummy ice cream is ready now.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.301167
Retrieved Text: What exactly is it you ask? Well he had no idea and neither did I. There’s a little metal compartment in there which could honestly have been used for anything.
After doing some googling, I’ve come to the conclusion that it’s an old wooden ice box! I could be wrong but I found a couple similar images and that’s what they were labeled as. Whatever it is, I’m super excited about it and can’t wait to figure out what to do to it! It already has such a cool vintage look I almost don’t want to paint it. Perhaps I’ll just redo the inside. AH decisions, decisions.
Have you ever seen one of these? Am I totally wrong in saying that it’s an ice box?! I want to know everything I can about this little gem so please let me know!
This entry was tagged antique ice box, brepurposed, ice box, old vintage ice box, red table, table with metal compartment. Bookmark the permalink.
I’ve seen these out & about and have always been told they were humidors…for storing cigars. The inside is sometimes copper or sheet metal…whatever it is it’s adorable! and so glad it was rescued!
great save!! i think i would just clean/fix it up and then leave it as is. I like the Old red look, but hey that’s me.please post what you end up doing with it!!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.274465
Retrieved Text: PacZone limited is an excellent manufacturer of injection mould Plastic watch box, watch stand Candy and Gift boxes, We combine high quality plastic resins with the latest technology to create new products in-house. Our ability to deliver products with creativity and efficiency has enlisted us as one of China’s leading manufacturers for plastic watch boxes and ice cube box.
Plastic Watch ice cube box design and manufacturer,Includes watch pillow holder insert.
•Model Number: B871 watch box gift box.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.273693
Retrieved Text: Ideal for serving one beer at a time! Rental includes CO2, regulator, all necessary hoses/fittings, and step by step setup instructions. Beautiful covers available at additional cost, learn more.
Thank you! We’ll be in touch shortly to confirm your order.
The same mechanics as our standard double faucet jockey box but tucked inside a black stainless steel belted cooler. Impress your guests with this sleek looking jockey box. All you provide is kegs and ice.
Thank you! We’ll be in contact shortly to confirm your order.
Perfect for serving two beers at the same time! Rental includes CO2, dual product regulator, all necessary hoses/fittings, and step by step setup instructions. Beautiful covers available, learn more.
Thank you! We’ll be in contact shortly to confirm your request.
The same mechanics as our standard double faucet jockey box but tucked inside a stainless steel green jockey box. Impress your guests with this sleek looking jockey box. All you provide is kegs and ice.
The same mechanics as our standard double faucet jockey box but tucked inside a shiny stainless steel belted cooler. Impress your guests with this sleek looking jockey box. Includes CO2, regulator, and hoses.
The same mechanics as our standard double faucet jockey box but tucked inside a stainless steel teal jockey box. Impress your guests with this sleek looking jockey box. All you provide is kegs and ice.
The same mechanics as our standard double faucet jockey box but tucked inside a Yeti cooler. Impress your guests with the appeal of this Yeti box with amazing ice retention performance. Available in white, blue, tan,

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Remove soap scum from shower door.

Choice 1: Rub hard with bed sheets, then rinse.

Choice 2: Rub hard with dryer sheets, then rinse.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 56.814888
Retrieved Text: remove soap scum from shower door soap scum on shower doors remove soap scum from shower doors vinegar remove soap scum from plastic shower door.
remove soap scum from shower door clean soap scum off shower door soap scum off shower doors and prevent it from coming how to remove soap scum from fiberglass shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door how to clean bathroom shower doors medium size of glass shower glass door removing soap scum remove soap scum shower door.
remove soap scum from shower door remove soap scum from shower doors with 3 ingredients removing build up soap scum shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door removing soap scum from glass shower door full size of best glass shower door cleaner clean removing soap scum how to remove soap scum from fiberglass shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door fancy how to get soap scum off shower doors off shower doors easiest way to remove how to remove soap scum from fiberglass shower doors.
remove soap scum from shower door how to remove soap scum from glass shower doors clean door easiest way off remove soap scum from plastic shower door.
remove soap scum from shower door soap scum shower doors a best of removing soap scum from shower doors remove soap scum from shower doors vinegar.
remove soap scum from shower door clean soap scum off shower door photo 4 of best ideas about soap scum removal on remove soap scum from shower doors vinegar.
remove soap scum from shower door removing soap scum from shower doors 4

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.283237
Retrieved Text: Glass shower doors seem to be a source of major frustration for many homeowners. Shower doors have a knack for developing a thick buildup of soap scum that can detract from their overall appearance and make them look dirty. If you’ve grown frustrated with trying to keep your glass shower door looking pristine, the following tips were designed to help you gain control of this problem.
What good is having a beautifully decorated bathroom if your glass shower door looks dirty and covered in grime? Use these five tips to help make your glass sparkle and shine.
Soap scum takes much more than elbow grease to remove. The right products are required for cutting through this thick residue. Vinegar is one natural and safe product that is effective at cutting through stubborn soap scum. Mixing white vinegar with a little dish soap can create an easy and effective shower door cleaner. Simply spray this mixture onto your shower door and let it sit for several minutes before you wipe it away.
If you clean your shower door at the right time, you won’t have to exert quite as much effort to get the job done. The best time to clean your glass shower door is immediately following a shower. The steam from the hot water will have already begun to loosen the soap scum for you, making your job a little easier.
Citrus products such as lemon and orange oils have naturally existing cleansing and disinfecting properties. You don’t even have to purchase commercial products containing these oils. If you

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.135597
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 10:28:56 pm at 04/24/2019 10:28:56 pm in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower soap scum on glass clean soap scum off shower door gallery of how to clean soap cleaning soap scum off glass shower door.
soap scum off glass shower door,how to get soap scum off glass shower door,what takes soap scum off glass shower doors,getting soap scum off glass shower doors,cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,how do you get soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower screen,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.80815
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 12:18:22 am at 04/26/2019 12:18:22 am in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower how to clean soap scum off shower doors cleaning tips doors cleaning soap scum off glass shower door.
get soap scum off glass shower doors,getting soap scum off glass shower doors,cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,soap scum off glass shower door,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower screen,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors,what takes soap scum off glass shower doors,removing soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower doors.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.623463
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 08:38:55 pm at 04/22/2019 08:38:55 pm in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower how to get soap scum off glass shower doors for simple remodel sweet home 93 with how to get soap scum off glass shower doors what takes soap scum off glass shower doors.
cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,removing soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to get soap scum off glass shower doors,soap scum won't come off shower glass,how to get soap scum off glass shower door,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,what takes soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors,get soap scum off glass shower doors,soap scum off glass shower door.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.222874
Retrieved Text: Was your bathroom more of a tropical steaming jungle when you left the house this morning? Did you get enough time after shower to clean the foggy shower glass or is this on the weekend’s to-do-list?
A bathroom that looks lavish and luxurious is always gratifying to the eye, especially when it has sparkling shower glass doors. Nevertheless, from time to time erasing the calcium hard water spots and soap scum from the glass can be strenuous, but with daily frequent cleaning you shouldn’t require to use a large amount of elbow grease.
Situated in a damp and moisture-laden environment, shower doors are more susceptible to the growth of mildew. Not to mention the soap scum that rapidly accumulates and in no time you’ve got quite a cleaning job in front of you. Cleaning the shower glass isn’t the most famous of household chores, but is definitely one of the crucial ones. Shower doors at times can be extremely stubborn to clean, with hard water stains and spots. Something to consider is that it doesn’t matter how old the shower actually is, the appearance depends more on how it is cared for.
In order to keep a shower looking brand new, the first thing to do is to prevent the build up of hard water. Hard water stains can easily be prevented, however many people overlook their significance in the maintenance of a clean and tidy looking bathroom. Also known as ‘lime scale’, the hard water splashes result when the hard water droplets dry onto the glass surface. The

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.067005
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 09:48:53 pm at 04/24/2019 09:48:53 pm in Soap Scum Off Glass Shower.
soap scum off glass shower how to use dryer sheets to clean soap scum off shower doors what takes soap scum off glass shower doors.
soap scum won't come off shower glass,removing soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower screen,cleaning soap scum off glass shower doors,cleaning soap scum off glass shower door,how to get soap scum off glass shower door,how do you get soap scum off glass shower doors,how to get soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to clean soap scum off glass shower doors,how do you clean soap scum off glass shower doors,best way to get soap scum off glass shower doors.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.974014
Retrieved Text: SCUMBAGS SHOWER CLEAN AND SEAL’s number one service is to provide a restoration and heavy duty cleaning service for your Shower screens and tiles. Tried a miriad of products to remove those waterstains, mineral deposits and even soap scum from your screens without success?... Glass shower doors create an open, clean feel in the bathroom, but not when there's an unattractive buildup of hard water stains and soap scum. These types of stains can leave permanent damage and etching on the glass. To avoid this problem, keep things crystal-clean with a few simple tips.
Glass shower doors create an open, clean feel in the bathroom, but not when there's an unattractive buildup of hard water stains and soap scum. These types of stains can leave permanent damage and etching on the glass. To avoid this problem, keep things crystal-clean with a few simple tips.... SCUMBAGS SHOWER CLEAN AND SEAL’s number one service is to provide a restoration and heavy duty cleaning service for your Shower screens and tiles. Tried a miriad of products to remove those waterstains, mineral deposits and even soap scum from your screens without success?
If you find soap scum on the glass of your bathroom shower anything but easy to deal with, you should try this vinegar magic potion recipe.
SCUMBAGS SHOWER CLEAN AND SEAL’s number one service is to provide a restoration and heavy duty cleaning service for your Shower screens and tiles. Tried a miriad of products to remove those waterstains, mineral deposits and even soap scum from your screens without success?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.313282
Retrieved Text: If your shower doors are starting to look opaque and murky, there are probably two things to blame: soap scum and hard water.
If you want to get the shine back in your glass, consider getting an off-the-shelf product that will get rid of the unwanted stains and scum, or try these really simple DIY solutions.
You can use baking soda and vinegar to simply clean your shower enclosure and get your aluminium shower doors looking great again.
Hard water occurs in many areas, and it’s generally just water that contains higher levels of calcium salts. But unfortunately, hard water can leave marks on your sliding glass shower doors. Luckily, acids dissolve the calcium, so it’s actually easy to fix.
You can buy limescale remover from the shops that contain phosphoric acid or other types of acid, but simple household vinegar and lemon juice will also do the trick, they just take a little longer to work.
You can put either one in a spray bottle and spray down your shower doors. Leave it on for a few minutes then wipe it off for clean doors.
Your shower gel, shampoo, conditioner and body cream can all contribute to dirty shower enclosures. But unlike residue from hard water, soap scum can be harder to handle. You need a more abrasive cleaner to get rid of the buildup.
Again, you can use store bought scourers. Or you can use baking soda to clean your shower. Add a bit of water to the baking soda to make it into a paste and then apply the paste

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.18638
Retrieved Text: At Fulton Distributing, we know that restrooms can be one of the most difficult areas to maintain and we are here to assist you by providing clean and sanitary solutions. With this in mind, we offer a variety of cleaning chemicals including disinfecting bowl, urinal, and shower cleaners, along with all of your other restroom surface needs. These products effectively remove soap scum and water spots while disinfecting and deodorizing even the toughest areas. Having mold and mildew problems? We carry chemicals that will control this issue with powerful whiteners keeping your tile and grout sparkling clean. Don’t forget odor control options such as urinal screens and air fresheners for the ideal finishing touch. We also carry a complete line of feminine hygiene products for your convenience.
A one-step 9.5% acid disinfectant with mint fragrance designed to clean, disinfect, and deodorize vertical and horizontal surfaces. Helps remove soap scum, mildew stains, hard water deposits and uric acid without excessive scrubbing.
Non-Acid Disinfectant Bathroom Cleaner for everyday use. Cleans, disinfects, and deodorizes toilet bowls, urinals and other restroom surfaces. Effective against the AIDS and Hepatitis B Viruses. Unique fresh scent.
Ready-to-use, acid based formulation with unique foaming ability for shower rooms, restroom and locker rooms.
A bright red, ready-to-use, non-acid liquid drain and sewer cleaner plus maintainer. Will help prevent common sludge build-ups of grease, fats, paper, tobacco, soap, scum, etc. Does not contain corrosive acids and is safe to use in garbage disposals, septic tanks without harm to plumbing.
23% hydrogen chlorine based. Removes stains, rust, and organic buildup.
Liquid crème cleanser

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.149883
Retrieved Text: Do you cringe at the thought of cleaning your shower glass doors? Do you have stubborn streaks and spots and maybe even a green tinge that all refuse to budge until you scrub with all you’ve got? Well, you don’t have to scrub for hours on end, there are some rather easy methods of cleaning your shower doors so they sparkle and shine just like they did when they were new.
Vinegar is the perfect cleaner for soap scum and hard water spots. All you need to do is dip your sponge or rag into white vinegar. Coat the door and continue applying the vinegar. Do your best to keep wet vinegar on the shower door for at least five minutes. This will allow the hard water build up and the soap scum to dissolve and become a problem of the past.
If you have stubborn problems, you can try boiling the vinegar and then applying it. Just be very careful doing this.
Once your door is clean, rinse it with warm water.
Soap scum is harmless, but mildew (or mold, which is actually the same thing) might hurt you. This black, pink, or green growth likes to show up your shower doors, particularly around the edges. Mildew is actually a fungus and if you are allergic to mold, it might make you sick.
No matter what you call it, you can easily get rid of mildew with either hydrogen peroxide or chlorine. All you have to do is spray it on the area and wipe it and it kills the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.89166
Retrieved Text: one piece bathroom vanity tops factory direct one piece vanity top bathroom vanity top sink one piece bathroom vanity tops.
glass shower door hinge gasket shower heavy glass shower door glass shower door hinges adjust glass shower door hardware home glass shower door hinge gaskets.
basco shower door dealers delta rain glass shower door com small bedroom and bathroom floor plans.
how to hang a shower curtain interesting inspiration bath curtain rod best hanging rods ideas on how to hang installing shower curtain rod into tub surround.
how to clean soap scum off glass shower doors picture best product to clean soap scum from glass shower doors.
bathroom vanity door handles bathroom vanity door handles bathroom cabinet door handles bathroom cabinet door hardware.
75 shower curtain i high quality bath curtain print vintage rustic brown faux wood shower curtains 75 inch long shower curtain liner.
frameless shower doors for tub enclosures x single sliding completely tub height shower door frameless shower doors tub enclosures.
24 inch shower door standard euro continuous hinge pivot shower door in brushed nickel with 24 chrome shower door handle.
sonia bathroom vanity play ceramic 1 hole drop in vanity sink white sonia europa bathroom vanity.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.738575
Retrieved Text: We've got a real problem with soap scum build up in the shower and the tub, mostly because we use actual soap instead of body wash or some other liquid petroleum based product that doesn't leave a film.
I know this is one reason why people are using body washes over soap because they don't like the film left behind from bar soap. But, the cost is one of plastic packaging and expense for buying a product that is mostly water. Not to mention the petroleum-based product you are using on your skin.
So, what's a conscientious consumer to do? Let it build up for a couple of years like we do? No, that's really not a good answer, but I hate scrubbing the walls and tub mostly because it doesn't seem to do anything particularly if you are using a non-toxic cleanser. I don't care what people claim about baking soda or borax, but it doesn't do anything to budge the build up. And we have the softest water in the country. I'd hate to see what it would look like if we had hard water.
Anyway, a few weeks back before our vacation I ran across a product in our grocery store that claimed that it was a heavy duty cleaner for scrubbing away soap scum and mildew on porcelain tile and grout. I finally got around to test driving it out over the weekend.
It is called the Earthstone BathroomStone which claims that it is 100% eco-friendly and 100% non-toxic. It's basically like a soft pumice stone

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.559536
Retrieved Text: A tiled shower is one of the areas in the house that is almost always in need of our attention! Wouldn’t you love it if every morning, your shower felt fresh and clean? Instead, soap scum and other grime build up, causing our shower’s state of cleanliness to be not-so-pleasant… But fortunately there are many ways in which we clean shower tiles. Below you’ll find three easy tips for doing so! The most amazing tile cleaning in Austin, Texas is cleaned by The Steam Team.
Soap scum can be difficult to remove from your shower tiles, especially if they haven’t been cleaned in a while. You’ll have to find a cleaner suitable for the job, and scrub away what you can! Whatever you can’t get to, a steam cleaner can help with!
Grout will also need a bit of elbow grease… and by elbow grease, we mean scrubbing! First, create a thick paste with water and two tablespoons of baking soda. Use a hard-bristled toothbrush to scrub the paste into the grout (in a circular motion, not back and forth!). The Steam Team cleans all types of tile and stone. For marble cleaning call The Steam Team today.
Before this step, it’s important to rinse the walls of your shower with warm water to remove any excess soap scum! Then, dry everything completely. Drying off the shower walls and tiles will help reduce the growth of mold, mildew, and soap scum. So after you’re done cleaning, be sure to dry everything thoroughly- you’ll be thanking yourself in the long

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.534515
Retrieved Text: Cleaning a fiberglass shower can seem like a daunting task. Fiberglass showers are strong and durable, but over time they pick up soap scum and mineral deposits that make them appear dull and dirty. Harsh abrasive cleaners are not an option for fiberglass since they scratch the surface, permanently dulling and damaging the appearance. Using a squeegee after each shower will prevent much of the soap scum and minerals from forming deposits, but when cleaning becomes necessary, use these techniques to restore your fiberglass shower to its original appearance and keep it that way.
Keep a spray bottle filled with white vinegar in your bathroom. Spray the shower walls and floor with a generous amount of vinegar several times a week and let it air dry. This will eliminate much of the need for scrubbing later.
You can clean your fiberglass shower with shampoo or dish soap to remove mild soap scum and water stains. Mix white vinegar with a little shampoo or dish soap in a spray bottle. The soap keeps the solution from evaporating too quickly while the vinegar eliminates water deposits. Spray the solution on all surfaces and use a non-abrasive scrubbing sponge to clean the area. Rinse and dry for a clean shower.
When soap scum and water spots are visible, spray the shower with white vinegar. Then, dip a damp scrubby sponge in baking soda and scrub the shower floor and walls with it. Rinse thoroughly and use a squeegee or soft towel to dry. If you need a little extra power, use borax

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.256542
Retrieved Text: Make the best use of your limited bathroom space with these storage and organizing tips.
If you need more than shampoo and a bar of soap in the shower, here’s how to provide space for all your vital beauty potions: Get a couple of those shelves that are designed to hang from a shower arm and hang them on cabinet knobs. Use No. 8-32 hanger screws ($1) to screw the knobs into studs or drywall anchors.
You can add a corner shelf (or another soap dish) on existing tile. Stop by a tile shop and pick up a “flat-back” corner shelf unit (about $20). Then buy soap scum remover, double-face foam tape and a tube of silicone caulk. Clean off all the soap scum or the bond might fail. Apply a strip of foam tape on each mounting flange, stopping 1 in. short of the ends. Test-fit the shelf before you remove the wax liner paper from the tape. Shim any gaps with additional layers of foam tape.
Once the shelf fits squarely into the corner, apply the silicone caulk to the back edges. Locate a spot in the middle of a row of tiles (no horizontal grout lines running through the caulk). Then remove the liner, square up the shelf and press it against the tile. Once the tape grabs, let go, wipe off the excess caulk and then tool the joint with a damp fingertip.
If you keep your toothbrushes in the medicine cabinet stacked on a shelf, they probably fall out when you open the door. If

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.074955
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Cramer Shower Glass Cleaner Regarding Ideas 1. Post Title: Shower Glass Cleaner. Filename: cramer-shower-glass-cleaner-regarding-ideas-1.png. Image Dimension: 650 x 650 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Garrick Zieme. Uploaded Date: Tuesday - October 09th. 2018 13:18:05 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: interior.com. Shower Glass Cleaner 750ml Byretech Ltd Intended For Prepare 11. EnduroShield Glass Treatment Kit With 2 Oz Coating And 4 Intended For Shower Cleaner Ideas 7. Cramer Shower Glass Cleaner Regarding Ideas 1. Cleaning Shower Glass Made Easy EnduroShield Treatment Inside Cleaner Designs 6. Amazon Com Lainnir Shower Glass Cleaner Home Kitchen Pertaining To Prepare 10. Magic 28 Oz Shower Glass And Mirror Trigger Cleaner 3073 The Home Intended For Decor 0. How To Clean Soap Scum From Shower Doors DIY Throughout Glass Cleaner Plan 18. Win Glass Shower Door Cleaner In Prepare 19. How To Keep A Glass Shower Door Clean Inside Cleaner Decor 4. How To Clean Soap Scum Off Shower Doors And Prevent It From Coming Back Within Glass Cleaner Designs 9.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.884933
Retrieved Text: Daily Shower Spray Recipe - Easy, Inexpensive, Effective!
Save money and time by making this homemade daily shower cleaning spray recipe part of your daily cleaning routine.
Just a few quick sprays after the final shower of the day will keep mold, mildew, and soap scum away. Plus, it leaves your shower smelling fresh!
I’ve been using this homemade daily shower spray recipe for years, and figure it’s high time I shared it with you.
See, cleaning shower walls and glass doors is one of my very least-favorite chores. I’m short and can barely reach the top of the walls. I certainly can’t reach the shower head to aim it at the walls and rinse them after scrubbing. What a pain.
Fortunately, using this simple, all-natural daily shower spray means I rarely have to scrub anymore. Isn’t it wonderful when something that only takes a few seconds can shave off several minutes from your cleaning routine?
Choose the recipe that suits your shower materials. If you absolutely cannot abide the smell of vinegar — though it disappears once dry — the second recipe will get your shower clean but won’t leave the same shine.
Keep in mind, these homemade shower cleaning sprays are designed to be used between deep cleanings. The ingredients prevent mold and mildew while also eliminating odors and reducing germs.
Each of the daily shower cleaning sprays prevent soap scum but don’t get rid of soap scum that’s already there. For that, you need a homemade soap scum remover. Once the scum’s gone, this spray will keep it from coming back.
This

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.60256
Retrieved Text: Image Title: New Architecture Glass Shower Cleaner With Shameonwinndixie Com Pertaining To Ideas 9. Post Title: Glass Shower Cleaner. Filename: new-architecture-glass-shower-cleaner-with-shameonwinndixie-com-pertaining-to-ideas-9.jpg. Image Dimension: 585 x 329 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Winfield McCullough. Uploaded Date: Thursday - September 27th. 2018 22:59:19 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: interiordesign.net. Glass 10. With How 11. Cleaner Regarding Prepare Keep Shower For Door Of Remove And Made Medium Regard Intended From Tilex Bunnings Repellent To Daily Water 5. Treme Decor Oz 7. Cleaning 1. Scum Remodel Easy Rain Clean Pertaining Soap 5 Coating 15. Ideas Treatment 4 Twice Within Designs Product Experiences Size Plan Sparkling In Doors 8. EnduroShield 2 Reviews 0. 355ml Just Your 17. Year A Fresh X Secret Best Kit 12.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.505173
Retrieved Text: Use a lint roller to clean your lampshade. This makes it so quick and easy!
Remove water stains with a lemon.
Use a wet paper towel dipped in ashes to clean the glass on your fire place.
Use a window squeegee to get pet hair out of carpet.
Use corn meal to absorb grease.
Remove soap scum from your shower and tub with a dryer sheet.
Place burners in a ziploc bag with ammonia for an easy 'no scrub' cleaning method.
A mixture of water and baking soda will clean your oven door.
Use vinegar and baking soda to make your iron sparkle.
Fill a spray bottle with 50/50 vinegar and water then add a couple drops of dish soap. Wash windows then buff with newspaper for a streak free window.
Use nail polish remover to clean the gunk off your pans.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.799347
Retrieved Text: I believe that most of you will get annoyed when you find that your bathroom is full of soap scum. It will be getting worse if you can’t easily remove the soap scum and need a hectic effort to clean this mess. Nonetheless, you don’t have to worry because there are easy ways how to get rid of the soap scum in your home.
It is suggested for you to use the best soap scum remover as it has a powerful formula to kick out the soap scum in your bathroom. To save your money, you can make the formula by yourself with ingredients that you can easily find them in the shopping market.
To make powerful soap scum remover by yourself, you can choose one of the two alternative methods: using dawn/vinegar shine or baking soda shine. Here are the steps of making the best soap scum remover diy from the dawn or vinegar shine.
First of all, you need to heat 1 cup of vinegar and then mix it with the dawn. Spray it on the dirt tiles and wait for 30 minutes to make the remover work perfectly. Then, clean it with water and instantly, you will figure out your tile are free from soap scum!
The second method is using baking soda and using this method is as easy as the dawn or vinegar method! You just need to spray the baking soda over the dirty tub or tiles and quickly spray it with shower. Then, wait for about 10 minutes to let the formula work

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.387596
Retrieved Text: The Bi-Fold Shower Door, from the Shine range of Aqualux features a design that will harmonise perfectly with any bathroom setting. This shower door has a polished silver effect frame, which adds a touch of zing to the shower enclosure. It is made from 6mm thick toughened safety glass with an Aquagleam coating on it, to prevent limescale and soap scum deposits. It comes with a gel magnet door closing. Backed with 12 years guarantee from Aqualux, this shower door is sure to add to your bathroom elegance and your showering pleasure.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.32927
Retrieved Text: For a space that we rely on so heavily to keep ourselves clean, it’s amazing how dirty a shower will get before it sees some of that cleaning power on itself. If we’re honest with ourselves, the shower isn’t probably a favorite thing to clean in our homes. But if you do a few simple things each day and give it a decent cleaning each week, your shower will look sparkling and be sanitary with relative ease. Here are some tips on how to clean a shower easily and effectively.
If you’re lucky enough to have a doorless shower, go ahead and skip this step while you gloat at the rest of us. Shower doors aren’t easy to keep clean. They develop hard water spots and discoloration from water buildup pretty quickly.
To kickstart your shower door cleaning, dampen and then squeeze out a magic eraser.
Run a damp magic eraser along hard-to-reach cracks and crevices in the shower door frame. This will likely be gross if it’s been more than a week since you’ve cleaned these areas, but it will get easier and faster over time as you stay up on it. It’s recommended you include this in your cleaning regimen once a week for the shower.
Rinse out the magic eraser, then do the same thing in all areas around the shower door, inside and out. I’m amazed (and, frankly, embarrassed) at the amount of crud this yields. It’s a good idea to follow the magic eraser wiping with a dry microfiber cloth, to remove any extra water

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.20137
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 10:10:12 pm at 04/20/2019 10:10:12 pm in Smallest Shower.
smallest shower standup smallest shower stalls for small bathrooms.
best shower door soap scum remover,smallest shower stalls available,best shower door brands,smallest shower room,smallest shower stalls,smallest shower stall size,smallest shower stall made,smallest shower size,smallest shower tray,smallest neo angle shower base,smallest cubicle office space.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.109497
Retrieved Text: Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner #1 Amazing Scum Removing Cleaner Works Like Magic. Diy Soap .
Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner #5 I Was Skeptical, But This Stuff Works REALLY WELL! The Soap Scum Is History. Bathtub CleanerDawn Shower .
The image about Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner was posted at July 16, 2018 at 10:40 am. This image is published under the Shower category. Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner is tagged with Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner, Homemade, Soap, Scum, Shower, Cleaner..
scum (skum),USA pronunciation n., v., scummed, scum•ming.
a film or layer of foul or extraneous matter that forms on the surface of a liquid.
a low, worthless, or evil person.
The most troublesome affair after inhabit or redevelopment put the outfits and the house or house is always to arange the Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner belonged to the total household. It really is much more challenging than simply taking good care of transferring correspondence as well as other administrations. Pick units and assure its rewards aren't effortless, particularly of moving house inside the process. Within the bedroom, as an example, the attire is usually not just used to shop all apparel.
Be sure the style of your Homemade Soap Scum Shower Cleaner meets the articles of the area. the cabinet must also unsightly, although yes, as the challenge is not just fit and never have to eating place. Presently, as well as available superior wardrobe with around nearly attain the threshold, there are also little. But, long lasting option, ensure that your selected wardrobe and harmoniously easily fit into

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.882896
Retrieved Text: Drain: Pour vinegar onto a scrub brush small enough to get inside the disposal. Sprinkle the brush with baking soda, then scrub to remove odors and built-up crud, says Mary Findley ofGoClean.com, a former pro cleaner and author of The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Green Cleaning.
Shower: Findley’s shower deep-clean regimen: Bring vinegar to a boil, then use it to wipe down the shower door and walls. Keep them damp by wiping them down every 5 to 8 minutes for 30 minutes. Then, dampen a nonscratch sponge in vinegar, sprinkle with baking soda, and scrub. Rinse. Bye-bye germs, mold, water spots, and soap scum!
Wood furniture: Use 1/4-cup white vinegar mixed with 1-cup olive oil — plus a few drops of lemon or orange oil, if you wish — to clean and condition wood furniture, Reichert says.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.676445
Retrieved Text: Showers are naturally damp places. Over time, moisture and the products we use to clean ourselves turn into soap scum and hard water deposits. Cleaning our shower doors and keeping them that way just takes a little bit of time and a few common household products.
Many companies do not list ingredients. Look for labels like "Warning," and "Cautious." Those with the words "Poison" and "Danger" are the most likely to cause you health problems if not used safely.
Buy a commercial cleaning solution. A number of cheap, effective products are available at hardware, convenience, and cleaning stores. For serious soap scum—maybe in an apartment that wasn't cleaned before or neglected for a while—these may be necessary.
If your products contain chlorine or ammonia you're at risk for respiratory sickness and irritation to the skin, eyes, nose, and throat.
Prepare a baking soda based solution. In a waterproof container, like a pitcher or larger measuring cup, pour in one half cup of baking soda. Next add a small amount of water and mix the two thoroughly. You want a paste-like consistency. If your solution seems watery, add more baking soda. If it's chalky and still dry in some bits, add small amounts of water and mix completely to get a smooth paste.
It's also possible to dunk a sponge in either of the non-toxic solution, and then rub down your shower doors.
Take a hot shower. The warmth and humidity will make it easier to remove any soap scum. If you don't want to take a shower, simply let the water run

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.479683
Retrieved Text: Over the years, a customer in Springfield, Missouri, had grown unhappy with the state of her shower. The reason? The walls, grout, door, and fixtures of the shower had, as shown in the pictures below, developed a covering of white haze and mold that was only getting worse with time. By now, the problem had become too conspicuous for her to ignore any longer, so she knew it was finally time to take action. After doing a little research on Tile and Grout Cleaners in Springfield, she concluded we'd be the best company for the job.
When we received her call, she explained her predicament to us in deeper detail. She knew the white haze was an accumulation of hard water and soap scum, but she didn't know the right way to get rid of it. Further, she told us the grout was missing in various areas of the shower. This was a problem within itself and it was made even worse due to the mold growth it had caused. What was she to do? After assuring her we'd be able to rescue it, she scheduled an appointment for us to come by a few days later.
Once we arrived, the customer told us she had tried anything she could think of to get it clean but had returned little to no results. She then led us to the shower so we could take a look for ourselves. As it turned out, she was right about this project requiring the help of an expert, though we assured her

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.24373
Retrieved Text: There are few home elements as classy and glamorous as glass shower doors. Whether it’s glass doors or an entire shower encased in glass, a glass shower gives your bathroom the appearance of class and luxury. Unfortunately, the upkeep required to maintain glass can be overwhelming, and allowing soap scum to accumulate can lead to a foggy appearance and irreversible etching. Thankfully, keeping glass shower doors clean and shiny doesn’t have to be as time-consuming as you may think, especially if you follow these tips.
The key to keeping your glass shower looking great is wiping down the glass after every use. This might seem like a hassle but should become a second-nature part of your routine after awhile. (They say it takes 30 days of repetition to form a habit!) The best tool for this job is either a squeegee or a microfiber cloth. Drying off your glass this way after every shower will help prevent streaking, soap scum, and permanent etching.
Daily shower spray products can also help keep your shower in top shape, and may lessen the negative effects if you go without wiping down your glass every once in awhile. You will find shower sprays available from a variety of brands but they are mostly the same. Daily shower sprays are meant to prevent mold, mildew and soap scum from building up. These are not a replacement for wiping down everyday with a squeegee or microfiber cloth but, when used along with daily wipe-downs, they can help prolong the amount of time between deep

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.912956
Retrieved Text: A cleaner and deodorizer designed to remove heavy build-up of water scale, soap scum, urinary salts, and rust from hard surfaces. Ideal for use in bathrooms.
An extra strength clinging bowl, tile, and porcelain cleaner and deodorizer designed to remove heavy build-up of water scale, soap scum, urinary salts, and rust from hard surfaces. Can be used to clean and deodorize wash basins, bath tubs, shower stalls, drinking fountains, toilet bowls, urinals, and sinks. Its clinging formula controls run-off for effective usage. This product contains no harmful hydrochloric or sulfuric acids.
TILE, WASHSTANDS, SHOWERS, FIBERGLASS, and STAINLESS STEEL: Always dilute product by adding 1 quart of product per gallon of water. Using a swab mop, sponge, brush or cloth; apply to wet all surfaces thoroughly. Rinse thoroughly with clean water after several minutes. Do not use on any surface, such as marble, that can be damaged by acidic materials. Many surfaces are not resistant to acid.

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Recycle a spray bottle for a new cleaner.

Choice 1: Open the top of the empty spray bottle and check for damage. Rinse the bottle then fill halfway with warm water. Replace the spray nozzle and pump a few times to clear the hose. Empty sparrow bottle and allow to dry before using with a new cleaner.

Choice 2: Open the top of the empty spray bottle and check for damage. Rinse the bottle then fill halfway with warm water. Replace the spray nozzle and pump a few times to clear the hose. Empty spray bottle and allow to dry before using with a new cleaner.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.10101
Retrieved Text: bottle shower plastic bottle shower gel bottle shampoo bottle bottle.
bottle shower its a boy digital baby shower water bottle labels supplies printable baby.
bottle shower a plastic water bottle top product that allows bottled water to be used more efficiently for general washing and cleaning wounds is being used by the.
bottle shower how to make a bird shower.
bottle shower x green empty screw lotion pump shampoo bottle shower gel personal care skin.
bottle shower stock vector of plastic clean white bottle with dispenser pump shower gel liquid.
bottle shower yellow and gray elephant welcome baby shower water bottle labels count.
bottle shower clear green white plastic empty shampoo bottle plastic shower bottles gold screw lid lotion bottle aluminum cap aluminum cap bottle empty recycle.
bottle shower personalized water bottle labels for baby shower best of new printable water bottle labels free.
bottle shower new of baby bottle shower invitations message in a bottle baby shower invitations supplies baby bottles.
bottle shower travel bottle shower.
bottle shower green matte plastic pet bottle with lotion pump for shower gel.
bottle shower the simple portable camping shower converts a 1 liter water bottles into a portable shower.
bottle shower save money and make your own homemade daily shower cleaner spray so simple and it.
bottle shower image titled make baby bottle favors for a baby shower step 1.
bottle shower picture of the simple mans shower from recycled water bottle.
bottle shower baby shower water bottle labels favor tags water bottle labels p.
bottle shower china good quality empty cosmetic bottles supplier copyright ac all rights reserved.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.109015
Retrieved Text: Perfect companion for natural, green, Do-It-Yourself (DIY) cleaning.
Order your Emmi’s Essentials Amber Glass Spray Bottle Refillable Container Kit by clicking the “Order Now” button now. We are so confident you will love this kit that we offer it to you with a risk-free, no questions asked, “Love it or Your Money Back” guarantee.
Two major contributors set Emmi’s Essentials spray bottle apart from a generic cleaning bottle. It’s glass, and it’s amber. These are two important features that make for the most potent and fresh essential oil blends!
Amber bottles are critical for essential oils, to protect them from natural sunlight. Because the sun emits UV rays, it can change and degrade the oil inside of a clear bottle. The amber color filters out the light and extends the shelf life of the contents inside the bottle. Glass adds an eco-friendly component. Not only is it easer to recycle than plastic, it’s reusable. You also won’t have to worry about any toxic chemical leaching itself onto it, as is often the case with plastic materials.
I found the bottle weighted, sturdy, and a great quality. Very straight forward. Dilute your essential oils to create your very own green cleaning products! One of the easiest recipes I found was for an all-purpose cleaner, mixing water, vinegar, and 15 drops each of lavender and lemon essential oils. This bottle contained them wonderfully! The spray nozzle adjusts from a fine mist to a solid stream, and I liked how far reaching the stream was. It didn’t leak at all.
The included dropper made

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.248985
Retrieved Text: Published 04/18/2019 09:31:47 am at 04/18/2019 09:31:47 am in Non Allergenic Cleaning Products.
non allergenic cleaning products dapple bottle and dish soap liquid 8 fl oz front of bottle method cleaning products antibacterial cleaner bamboo spray bottle method cleaning products antibacterial cleaner bamboo spray bottle fl oz target.
, method cleaning products antibacterial cleaner bamboo spray bottle method cleaning products antibacterial cleaner bamboo spray bottle fl oz, diversey endust free hypoallergenic dusting and cleaning spray diversey endust free hypoallergenic dusting and cleaning spray oz aerosol, best natural cleaning products the independent keep your abode looking spotless without the need for any harmful chemicals or additives, attitude hypoallergenic natural products for your family attitude hypoallergenic natural products for your family online store in canada, best hypoallergenic laundry detergents country save, responsible care antiallergen detergent rinse jondon responsible care antiallergen detergent rinse, best nontoxic household cleaning products attitude living review best nontoxic household cleaning products attitude living review mommy to max, masterblend antiallergen prespray gallon barrel allergy instructions mix part of antiallergen prespray with parts water oz per gallon of water mix well apply to carpet and agitate with a pile , allersearch products reviews faqs allergy cosmos allersearch cleaning products, bona free simple hardwood floor cleaner oz bona us locate this product.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.147547
Retrieved Text: mattress cleaner spray image titled clean vomit from a mattress step.
mattress cleaner spray how to get pee stains out of a mattress.
mattress cleaner spray problem solved mattress stain remover.
mattress cleaner spray stain remover for mattress or any other piece of to perfection.
mattress cleaner spray image titled clean a mattress step 7.
mattress cleaner spray mattress spray reviews i recently tried the mattress cleaner and love it i have sprayed.
mattress cleaner spray mattress cleaner spray simplistic this is the best way to remove tough carpet stains.
mattress cleaner spray mattress cleaner mattress mattress cleaner mattress cleaner.
mattress cleaner spray how to clean pee out of a mattress eliminate the odor and stain you just need one simple ingredient with a spray bottle.
mattress cleaner spray mattress cleaner spray.
mattress cleaner spray mix 8 ounces of hydrogen peroxide with 3 of baking soda and a drop of dish soap then place in spray bottle spray and rub into mattress stain with a.
mattress cleaner spray mattress cleaner spray complete how to rescue your old yellowed pillows.
mattress cleaner spray mattress stain remover.
mattress cleaner spray mattress spray reviews mattress spray take care of nasty dust mites lurking in your mattress mattress spray.
mattress cleaner spray mattress cleaner spray harmonious homemade dusting spray.
mattress cleaner spray how to clean odors and stains from a mattress or carpet.
mattress cleaner spray when i made this recipe i doubled it only because i noticed multiple stains and wanted to use it on some additional chairs it does not keep.
mattress cleaner spray mattress cleaner spray present best dust mite images on.
mattress cleaner spray

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.13058
Retrieved Text: How to Clean and Restain a DeckThis Old House 37 Easy Ways to Upgrade Your Outdoor Rooms. ... Spray the wood cleaner solution onto the deck and railings, ... How to Clean and Restain a Deck.
Four ways to clean your deck - Green Ideas At home Warren Judd explains the ins and outs of cleaning your deck. ... Four ways to clean your deck. Warren Judd 06 ... 30 Seconds Outdoor Cleaner; Option 3: Spray and leave.
Spray Forget House Deck Cleaner With Hose End Sprayer 32 ... Find great deals for Spray Forget House Deck Cleaner With Hose End Sprayer 32 Oz Bottle 1 Count. Shop with confidence on eBay!
Homemade Deck Cleaner - Bob Vila Keep your platform for outdoor fun looking great for pennies—without harming nearby plants—by mixing up and applying homemade deck cleaner.
5 Simple Deck Wash Recipes & Tips : TipNut Spray deck with water first before applying wash ... 12 Comments to “5 Simple Deck Wash Recipes & Tips ... This will be the only cleaner I need for outdoor stuff.
Outdoor Cleaner Plus OxiClean ConcentrateScotts Canada Scotts Outdoor Cleaner Plus Oxiclean Concentrate is the same great Scotts cleaners formula as a concentrate. Try usng as a patio and deck cleaner.
64 oz. House and Deck Cleaner, Outdoor Mold Remover ... Clean up even the most stubborn debris and fluid with ease by choosing Spray & Forget House and Deck Cleaner, Outdoor Mold Remover, Concentrate Bottle.
30 Seconds Cleaner - The Premier Outdoor Cleaner. 30 Seconds is the premier outdoor cleaner designed specifically to remove slimy

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.965961
Retrieved Text: Reliable Super Spray Cleaner is a safe and effective way to remove mold, mildew, black streaks, grease and grime, rust, blood, and road dirt and tar from multiple interior and exterior surfaces! Reliable Super Spray Cleaner is available in an economical combination that includes four 1 gallon plastic jugs and one empty 32 oz. trigger spray plastic bottle!
The Reliable Full-timer Package includes 1 empty 32 oz. trigger spray bottle and a 160 oz. refill jug of Super Spray Cleaner. Reliable Super Spray Cleaner is available in an economical package of six 32 oz. trigger spray plastic bottles!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.963783
Retrieved Text: Making your own spot brush cleaner is super easy and so much cheaper than buying brush cleaner from your favourite brand.
If you actually look at the ingredients on your brush cleaner, you will most probably see the items I have listed below in the ingredients tab.
You only need 70% Isopropyl to properly kill germs, and disinfect your brushes. The Lavender oil, gives the cleaner a nice scent and takes away the slight alcohol scent and the added Tea Tree oil as natures antiseptic gives the cleaner an added boost.
Isopropyl Alcohol - I use the Diggers brand - which comes in a handy spray bottle (from Hardware stores) but you can buy larger bottles from beauty supply stores.
Fill just over 3/4 of your spray bottle with the Isopropyl Alcohol, and top up with the Distilled Water, add about 4-5 drops of Lavender Oil and 2-3 of Tea Tree Oil. Place the lid on, and shake to combine.
Thats it! You're done! Super easy and a lot cheaper than a $40 bottle of brush cleaner!
Spray onto paper towel and wipe your brushes back and forth to spot clean.
I still recommend deep cleaning your brushes every 1 - 2 weeks depending how often you use them.
Oh yeaah, I bought the Artiste brush cleaner only to realise it's basically isopropyl alcohol and fragrance. I felt a bit ripped off haha! This is a great idea though, I'll have to do it when I run out!
I have the Artiste one too, however I think it smells horrible, and haven't used it since

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.795351
Retrieved Text: Millennium Recycling Can You Recycle Plastic Bottle Caps?
Can You Recycle Plastic Bottle Caps?
Empty Container: Any remaining liquid trapped inside like soda, water or juice can contaminate other recyclable material. Make sure to completely empty the container of all liquid or contents.
Place Cap Back On: If you still have the cap, you can put it right back on the empty bottle. Most caps are smaller than two inches, which means they fall right through our equipment if they are loose and are nearly impossible to capture. If you replace the cap, it has a better chance of being recycled.
Recycle! Place the Empty bottle in your recycling bin.
Caps are usually made from a different type of plastic than the bottle, which melt at different temperatures during the recycling process. Because of this, the cap must be separated before it can be processed in a big water bath (the bottle will sink and the cap will float). At the plastic processors, the containers are shredded down to “flakes” then cleaned and separated. After the materials are separated, they can be melted down and used to create new products like bottles, milk jugs or even park benches!
Can you Recycle Other Types of Lids?
Plastic Bottles (Soda, Water): Yes! If container is EMPTY, place back on and recycle in bin.
Plastic Jugs (Milk, Juice): Yes! Make sure jug is empty, place back on and recycle in bin.
Plastic Tubs (Yogurt, Margarine, Ice Cream): Yes! If container is EMPTY, place back on and recycle in bin.
Glass Bottles and Jars: If Metal: Yes! Recycle in bin

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.744564
Retrieved Text: Powered by our popular Thieves essential oil blend, Thieves Household Cleaner is perfect for having on hand to keep your house clean and free from harsh chemicals. This jack-of-all-trades comes in handy no matter the task, and we’ve got three new recipes to prove it!
Add all ingredients to a spray bottle and shake well to combine. To use, spray windows and glass surfaces liberally and wipe clean with a lint-free cloth.
Combine Thieves Household Cleaner and enough baking soda to form a thick paste. Apply mixture with a clean cloth, sponge, or scrubbing brush and scour the surface thoroughly. Let sit for 15 minutes, and rinse everything clean.
Mix water and Thieves Household Cleaner in a spray bottle, shaking to combine. To use, lightly spray the spot and blot with a clean white cloth. Repeat as needed.
What’s your favorite way to use Thieves Household Cleaner? Let us know in the comments below!
This entry was posted in DIY with Essential Oils, Personal development and tagged AT HOME, CLEANING WITH YOUNG LIVING, DIY, SHARING THE LIFESTYLE, VIDEOS, wellness, YOUNG LIVING LIFESTYLE.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.625782
Retrieved Text: The more I use my homemade cleaners, the more I like them. They’re cheap, they’re safe, natural and non-toxic, and most importantly, they work! They can get the house just as clean and fresh as any store bought cleaner without the unknown chemicals and annoying fumes.
Because I’m enjoying my homemade cleaners so much, I decided to create a group of recipes that together make a great homemade natural and non-toxic cleaning kit to cover many of the cleaning jobs in your home. If you’ve been thinking about giving homemade cleaners a try, this is a great way to get started.
This cleaning kit contains an all purpose spray, a soft scrub, a glass cleaner, a bucket mix for bigger cleaning jobs, and of course my very favorite homemade cleaner, my furniture dusting spray.
This spray is a good all purpose spray for many hard surfaces. The addition of tea tree oil to the recipe also gives it a boost of disinfecting power.
Combine the ingredients in a spray bottle and shake to mix. To use, spray onto surfaces and wipe with a cloth.
This homemade soft scrub recipe has a thinner consistency than my basic homemade soft scrub which makes it easier to put in a bottle and squirt onto the surfaces you want to clean. I like to put this mixture in a recycled dish soap bottle.
Place the baking soda in a small bowl. Add in the dishwashing liquid and stir to combine. Finally, stir in the club soda or water to thin the mixture. Pour the mixture into

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.617277
Retrieved Text: This easy Homemade Antibacterial Cleaner is made with only three ingredients and is good for killing germs and bacteria in nearly every room of your house!
This Homemade Antibacterial Cleaner uses only three ingredients and can be used for almost every room in your home! You will love how simple this chemical free cleaner is to make and how well it works!
Amanda here from Old House to New Home, sharing one of my go to homemade cleaner recipes.
For the last few years, I have really been trying to eliminate toxic chemicals from our home. It is impossible to eliminate them completely, because the chemicals are honestly in almost everything. I have found that the best way to get rid of these dangerous products is to make as many of my cleaning products as possible!
I have a simple homemade all purpose cleaner on my blog, but I know that many occasions call for something that kills bacteria, like when cleaning the toilet, or after you cut chicken! This simple antibacterial cleaner only uses a few ingredients and couldn’t be simpler to make.
You only need 3 ingredients for this cleaner, two of which you already have at home! Water and white vinegar are the main, most important ingredients, and then you can add in essential oils for additional cleaning properties and also for a fresh scent!
This is so easy to make, you’ll be able to keep it stocked year-round. Just follow these simple instructions. There are just 3 steps.
1. Add 3 cups of cold water to your spray bottle.
Use

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.339626
Retrieved Text: Dust; Grease; Water Marks; Grime; Rust; Stains.
Anti-Static Gel Screen Cleaner, w/Gray Microfiber Cloth, 4oz Spray Bottle..
Heavy-Duty Clog Remover, Gel, 32oz Bottle, 9/Carton..
Max Cover Disinfectant Mist, Liquid, Brighter Horizon, 15 oz, 6/Carton..
Max Cover Disinfectant Mist, Liquid, Brighter Horizon, 15 oz..
Liquid Dish Detergent, Lemon Scent, 38 oz Bottle, 9/Carton..
Liquid Dish Detergent, Floral Scent, 5 gal Bottle..
Professional Basics Pine Cleaner, Pine Scent, 1 gal Bottle, 4/Carton..
Professional Basics Degreaser, Lavender Scent, 1 gal Bottle, 4/Carton..
Professional Basics All Purpose Cleaner, Lavender Scent, 1 gal Bottle, 4/Carton..
Professional Basics Glass Cleaner, 32 oz Spray Bottle, 12/Carton..
Professional Basics Glass Cleaner, 1 gal Bottle, 4/Carton..
Carpet Cleaner, Liquid, 22 oz Bottle, Lemon, 6/CT..
Clear Shell Mold & Mildew Inhibitor, Liquid, 0.60..
TroubleShooter Baseboard Stripper, 21oz, Aerosol, 12/Carton..
Stainless Steel Cleaner & Polish, Lime Scent, Foam, 21 oz. Aerosol Can..
Heavy-Duty Bowl Cleaner, Liquid, 1 qt. Bottle..
Gum Remover, Orange Scent, Liquid, 8 oz. Bottle..
Gum Remover, Orange Scent, Liquid, 8oz Bottle..

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.176874
Retrieved Text: Pour 1/4 cup rubbing alcohol into a 16-oz. spray bottle. Add 3 drops (only 3) Dawn liquid dishwashing detergent, 5 to 10 drops essential oil (this is optional, but will add a nice fragrance) plus enough distilled water to fill the bottle. Apply the spray top and shake to mix. You can use this cleaner to clean and shine your appliances as well.
Start with a clean 16-oz. spray bottle. Pour in 1 and 1/3 cups white vinegar, 5 drops Dawn liquid dishwashing detergent and 2/3 cup water. Apply the spray top and shake to mix.
You can spend upwards of $10 for a 16-oz. bottle of Weiman or 3M cleaner for stainless appliances, or make it yourself for less than a buck.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.171665
Retrieved Text: Lysol® All-Purpose Cleaner | Fresh Mountain. 32-oz Spray Bottle, Case of 9 Bottles. Can be used on surfaces throughout the house — from the kitchen to the bathroom to household areas. It starts cleaning on contact and kills 99.9% of germs.
Lysol® Disinfectant All-Purpose Cleaner 4-in-1, Lemon Scent. 32-oz Spray Bottle, Case of 12 Bottles. Kills germs, cuts grease and deodorizes. For use on hard surfaces such as walls, garbage cans, floors. Effective against the Influenza A (H1N1) Virus.
Windex® Antibacterial Multi-Surface Cleaner. 32-oz Bottle, Case of 8. Versatile cleaner effectively kills 99.9% of bacteria, removes grease and cleans surfaces, including glass, to a streak-free shine. Sanitizes hard, nonporous surfaces in 10 seconds. Disinfects in five minutes.
Clorox Anywhere Sanitizing Spray. 32-oz Bottle, Case of 12. Powerful yet gentle bleach formula which is mild enough for use without gloves. Use on virtually any hard, nonporous surface. Ready-to-use sanitizer kills 99.9% of bacteria, including staph, strep, and more.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.116423
Retrieved Text: Isn’t it hard to get a flawless streak free finish on a Matt Frame? Not anymore with Velo21’s Matt Frame Cleaner!
Isn’t it hard to get a flawless streak free finish on a Matt Frame? Not anymore with Velo 21’s Matt Frame Cleaner. Easy to use and smells great too!
Matt Frame Cleaner in a 500ml bottle with trigger spray. Easily applied to any part of your bike. Just spray on & buff off for a streak free finish!
For best results, first wash the bike using It’s the Cherry Bomb bike shampoo. Shake bottle, then very simply spray the Matt Carbon Frame Cleaner onto the frame. Buff of with a clean micro fibre cloth for a streak free finish.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.02477
Retrieved Text: Clean Ease All-Purpose Cleaner: 40 Tablets Make 40 Bottles of Eco-Friendly All-Purpose Cleaner!
Revolutionary Green Cleaning Solution: 40 tablets = 40 bottles (quarts) of all-purpose cleaner. Simply drop a tablet into a spray bottle and fill with water.
Clean Ease products reduce waste by allowing you to reuse the same spray bottle multiple times. The compact packaging reduces your carbon footprint by saving on fuel and lowers shipping costs. We pass on the savings to you: make 40 bottles of eco-friendly all-purpose cleaner for less than $1 a bottle!
Did you know? Cleaning products contain mostly water. Why waste plastic, energy, and money, when you could use water from your own home along with a Clean Ease tablet to make a bottle of eco-friendly cleaner?
Clean Ease All-Purpose Cleaner is effective, non-toxic, and safe for use anywhere in your home.
For use on tables, counters, stoves, walls, floors, tile, etc... Lifts grease and grime off of a variety of hard surfaces.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.936783
Retrieved Text: ATAP Bendix Parts Cleaner and Degreaser giveaway!
Thread: ATAP Bendix Parts Cleaner and Degreaser giveaway!
Let Bendix help you clean up!
See your local ATAP store for more details.
before buying your brake pads, give ATAP a call and get your self 2 sets of bendix pads and receive a bonus free 400g spray bottle of Bendix Brake / Parts cleaner.
2 weeks to go guys . if you already haven't drop into a ATAP store and pickup some Bendix pads and get yourself a free 400g spray bottle of Bendix Brake / Parts cleaner.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.933039
Retrieved Text: citrus cleaner sonic citrus cleaner purple power ps citrus cleaner oz free shipping on orders purple power ps citrus cleaner oz free shipping on orders over overstockcom.
citrus cleaner citrus cleaner orangesol multiuse citrus cleaner degreaser.
citrus cleaner camie 2280 citrus cleaner degreaser and adhesive remover glueguncom work citrus cleaner and degreaser litre w w work citrus cleaner and degreaser litre w.
citrus cleaner beaumont products citrus ii cpap mask cleaner 3544 micare citrus cleaner l citrus based cleaner degreaser heavy duty micare citrus cleaner l citrus based cleaner degreaser.
citrus cleaner zep commercial citrus cleaner and degreaser camie citrus cleaner degreaser and adhesive remover camie citrus cleaner degreaser and adhesive remover glueguncom.
citrus cleaner crc2014400 sprayon citrus cleanerdegreaser solventbased sprayon cd high performance citrus cleaner degreaser s gal case.
citrus cleaner citrus cleaner rtu 1 quart 1041436 better life whatever scent free all purpose clary sage and citrus better life whatever scent free all purpose clary sage and citrus cleaner.
citrus cleaner save with a 5 gallon pail of orange aid orange cleaner degreaser orange citrus cleaner orange thunder citrus solvent cleaner gallon othmn.
citrus cleaner zep citrus cleaner gp cleaner qt pk zorocom citrus cleaner gp cleaner qt pk.
citrus cleaner valencia orange citrus cleaner noble chemical citra kleen qt oz all purpose citrus cleaner noble chemical citra kleen qt oz all purpose citrus cleaner degreaser.
citrus cleaner cleaner orange spran 321 lysol hydrogen peroxide citrus cleaner this is a review for the lysol hydrogen peroxide citrus cleaner.
citrus cleaner amazoncom citrus magic natural all purpose cleaner fresh citrus citrus magic natural all purpose cleaner

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.902864
Retrieved Text: Multifunctional Invinceable Effervescent Spray Cleaner is a powerful integrated cleaning agent. It is not only suitable for clothing stains, but also has strong decontamination effect on kitchen range hood stains, toilet floor stains, wood polish and more, which can replace your ordinary cleaning. With a one-piece cleaner, no chemical bleach, it can be safely used for pet stains without harming pets.
Effervescent Spray Cleaner comes in a concentrated tablets about the size of a quarter, which is dropped into the included spray bottle and filled with ordinary tap water. Immediately, the tablet turns into a cleaning solution that will quickly remove heavy marks, scuffs, stains, and other disasters from almost anywhere a mess is made.
Make old dirty lamp shades look new again! Have spots on your ceiling, not anymore. Stains on your couch, not a problem. Nasty bathroom tiles, just spray and be on your way. Even outdoor jobs like stained siding, weather beaten backyard furniture, and dirty stucco walls are no match for Effervescent Spray Cleaner.
Replace your general cleaner, kitchen cleaner, fabric cleaner, tile cleaner & carpet cleaner with one all-in-one cleaner. Plus, Effervescent Spray Cleaner does not use any chemical bleach or contains fluorescent agents so it does not cause damage to clothing and skin, safe to your furniture and wall finish and even your pets.
The chief ingredient is hydrogen peroxide and other ingredients. The interaction between oxygen and water is the secret of Effervescent Spray Cleaner. With millions of oxygen bubbles, which penetrates and decomposes stains to easily blasts it away and achieve a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.77833
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 06:23:22 pm at 04/20/2019 06:23:22 pm in Pressure Pump Spray Bottle.
pressure pump spray bottle jscarlife 800ml one hand multi purpose pressure sprayer pump spray bottle for multi sprayer agricultural tool sprayer pump hand trigger pressure sprayeragricultural tool sprayer pump hand trigger pressure household bottle sprayer pc l trigger pressure.
l pressurised garden hand held pressure sprayer pump spray bottle l pressurised garden hand held pressure sprayer pump spray bottle, high quality pet perfume plastic pump pressure spray bottle buy high quality pet perfume plastic pump pressure spray bottle, new genuine solvent pump brake cleaner spray bottle l , l pressure sprayer air compression pump hand pressure sprayers l pressure sprayer spray bottle water watering spraying pump mist malaysia, glass perfume atomizer pressure pump spray bottle buy spray bottle glass perfume atomizer pressure pump spray bottle, l car washing pressure spray pot auto clean pump sprayer l car washing pressure spray pot auto clean pump sprayer bottle pressurized spray bottle high corrosion resistance from louyu dhgatecom, pressure spray bottle litre capacity sprayer water watering pressure spray bottle litre capacity sprayer water watering spraying pump ltr, china electric pump pressure hand spray bottle for agriculture electric pump pressure hand spray bottle for agriculture, liter personal water mister pump spray bottlerotary pressure liter personal water mister pump spray bottlerotary pressure nozzle, amazoncom spreey pump pressure water sprayers hand hold garden spreey pump pressure water sprayers hand hold garden sprayer bottle for chemicals pesticides , high pressure spray bottle l pressure sprayer high pressure spray high pressure spray bottle

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.762999
Retrieved Text: With the availability of a different cleaning product for nearly every surface in the home, it’s no surprise Americans spend approximately $42 per month each on cleaning supplies. But it’s not just the expense that’s problematic. It’s also the fact that many cleaning products contain chemical ingredients that can be toxic to people and pets, especially if anyone in your home suffers from allergies or asthma.
Fortunately, there are a number of highly effective, natural ways you can keep your home looking, feeling and smelling clean — and many of them are items you probably already have.
Take a look at these natural cleaning alternatives and get ready to start saving!
All-purpose Spray Cleaner – Mix a solution of nine parts water with one part white vinegar in a spray bottle and you’ve got a cleaner for countertops, appliances, tile and other hard, non-porous surfaces. Simply spray on and wipe. If you need a little extra antibacterial oomph, follow with a spritz and wipe of straight hydrogen peroxide to kill germs. (Be sure to test a small area first to ensure it’s not reactive).
Toilet Bowl Cleaner – Typically one of the most caustic, toxic cleaners around, you can make a version that’s 100% safe, non-toxic and effective. Simply flush the toilet, sprinkle in a generous amount of baking soda, follow with a few liberal splashes of white vinegar, then wait for the ‘volcano’ effect. Once it’s done bubbling, let the mixture sit for about 10 minutes then brush all interior bowl surfaces and flush. You’ll be amazed at how

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.739162
Retrieved Text: Published 04/18/2019 06:45:47 am at 04/18/2019 06:45:47 am in Contact Cleaner Crc.
contact cleaner crc crc qd electronic cleaner electronic cleaner electronic cleaner oz 6 per case electronic cleaner sensor electronic crc engine cleaner co contact cleaner spray crc engine additive and crc engine cleaner new to intake valve turbo cleaner professional use the with innovative permanent crc engine cleaner.
contact cleaner spray in one contact cleaner crc contact cleaner contact cleaner spray in one contact cleaner crc contact cleaner spray msds, crc co contact cleaner spray suppliercrc co contact cleaner spray crc co contact cleaner spray, crc qd electronic cleaner meterbabuinfo crc qd electronic cleaner electric parts cleaner electronic cleaner oz aerosol can crc qd contact cleaner, crc qd contact cleaner at rs bottle contact cleaners id crc qd contact cleaner, qd cleaner astonish tile and mirror cleaner crc qd electrical qd cleaner astonish tile and mirror cleaner crc qd electrical contact cleaner msds qd electronic cleaner sds, crc co contact cleaner ml code delta materials co contact cleaner, qd cleaner astonish tile and mirror cleaner crc qd electrical qd cleaner electronic cleaner dirt devil vacuums electronic cleaner crc qd electrical contact cleaner msds qd, crc cleaner clean crc maf cleaner home depot crc precision cleaner crc cleaner electrical cleaners crc maf cleaner home depot crc cleaner autozone crc cleaner , electronic cleaner crc qd home depot maf sensor contact msds electronic , electrical terminal cleaner battery post terminal cleaner tool shop electrical terminal cleaner best car electrical contact cleaner crc electrical contact cleaner ,.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.689777
Retrieved Text: EcoPet Wonderclean refillable 200 ml foamer.
Powerful floor cleaner, cleans & deodorises. Prepare a mixture by adding two capfuls EcoFloor to a bucket of warm water and mop the floor as usual.
Inexpensive 1 liter refill bottle EcoPet Wonderclean Fur Cleaner. To refill the bottles yourself.
Inexpensive refill bottle 1 liter EcoPet Smell & Stain remover. To refill the pump bottle yourself.
1 liter refill bottle EcoFeet. To refill the pump bottle yourself.
UF2000 Pet Urine Eliminator - 500ml is conveniently packaged in 500ml trigger spray bottle.
Special offer package containing 1x 500ml trigger spray bottle and 1 liter refill bottle.
SPECIAL: UF2000 Pet Urine Eliminator - 500ml PLUS a 1 litre Refill bottle.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.533817
Retrieved Text: This blog post is going to cover best practice for sanitising surfaces.
Remove any obvious pieces of dirt from the surface to be cleaned.
Dilute in water an appropriate hard surface cleaner according to the manufacturer’s instructions and transfer it to a spray bottle, don’t forget to use a spray bottle trigger. Alternatively use a ready to use hard surface cleaner spray.
Spray a clean cloth with the solution and wipe all surfaces.
Work in a methodical fashion to avoid missing any areas.
Allow all surfaces to dry thoroughly or use a clean disposable cloth.
Select an appropriate sanitising product for use in the kitchen and spray onto a clean disposable cloth.
Wipe the telephone with the damp cloth.
Do not spray the sanitising product directly onto the telephone.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.514969
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 06:04:21 am at 04/25/2019 06:04:21 am in Folex Carpet Cleaner Walmart.
folex carpet cleaner walmart the 9 best carpet cleaners to buy in 2018 folex carpet cleaner lowes thousands pictures of home furnishing how to get stains out of carpet carpet cleaner reviews home apps directories.
folex carpet cleaner lowes thousands pictures of home furnishing how to get stains out of carpet carpet cleaner reviews home apps directories, folex carpet cleaner carpet cleaner carpet spot remover cleans folex carpet cleaner carpet cleaner spot remover stain remover ounce bottle instant cleaner folex carpet cleaner folex carpet cleaner , folex cleaner tweet folex cleaner walmart elcaclub folex cleaner home depot carpet , two makeup primers you need to try now chronicles of frivolity lets get to the bottom of this are makeup primers needed or are they fluff that answer depends on your lifestyle do you wear tinted moisturizer daily , cleaning microfiber couches get a product called tuff stuff at cleaning microfiber couches get a product called tuff stuff at walmart in the car section, spot cleaner walmart multi purpose portable carpet and upholstery spot cleaner walmart hoover vacuum cleaners at how to use hoover carpet cleaner hoover steam vacuum spot cleaner walmart , folex cleaner top best carpet cleaning spray for pet stains reviews folex cleaner folex cleaner ingredients , rv carpet cleaning luxury fresh carpets at walmart rugs on carpet rv carpet cleaning best of dirty carpets make this easy carpet cleaner solution for cheap stock, folex carpet cleaner walmart tags thousands pictures of home

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.242746
Retrieved Text: This natural homemade glass cleaner is 3 simple ingredients to clean glass and windows without streaks. DIY glass cleaner cost pennies to make and you won’t go back to the store bought stuff.
My mom always made our own homemade glass cleaner. I remember her getting out a large bucket and some newspaper and going to town on a glorious spring weekend.
Obviously, spring is when you really make sure your windows are clean. Something about the open windows and fresh air really makes you want to deep clean the house.
Cleaning the mirrors is an easy task for me. I hate seeing fingerprints or smudges on it.
But other glass like windows is hard… Because little hands… let’s be truly honest…. mouths and tongues can reach them and get the glass all nasty in the matter of seconds.
I’m not sure what it is with kids and babies about licking windows. But for some reason it is thrilling and my perfect children (insert sarcasm) love licking windows and rubbing boogery noses all over.
That doesn’t even include the dog that also likes to lick and rub her nose all over the windows.
Basically, this is me telling you how disgusting the glass in my house can get and which in turn tells you how awesome this DIY glass cleaner is.
Why should you switch to natural DIY glass cleaner?
The FDA doesn’t have super strict standards and they don’t even make companies disclose all of their ingredients.
If you are new to the world of natural cleaners, I would recommend to start researching the cleaning

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.183432
Retrieved Text: This was actually my first DIY project ever! HA HA! My first DIY project was really simple – DIY Thieves Spray. The idea came to me when I was browsing through Young Living Thieves Spray on Young Living website. The price was a bit high for me, a mama who just wanna save costs for her family. Since I was gonna use it a lot for various purposes, I decided to make Thieves Spray on my own.
It was soooo simple that I think even kids could do it. But to be frank, the tough part for me was pouring the Thieves Household Cleaner (THC) to the Glass Spray Bottle . It’s because the THC I used was 1.8L one. It’s hard to hold the heavy bottle and pour the content without spilling it out 😂 So I’d suggest you use the 426ml THC for easier transfer.
Fill up 3/4 of the Glass Spray Bottle with distilled water.
Top up the rest of empty space in the bottle with Thieves Household Cleaner. Well, maybe not too full, you still need to leave some space for you to shake the bottle later on.
Shake the bottle to mix all the contents well.
Note: Please remember to shake the bottle every time you wanna use the spray.
Ta-da! DIY Thieves Spray is done!
Really?? That’s it? Some of you might ask. I’d answer “Yes, it is!” As a mama of 2 super-active and demanding girls, I ain’t got time to do super-long and complicated recipes. I need to do it fast yet accomplished.
So, what have

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.180708
Retrieved Text: windex disinfectant head over to to print this new coupon valid for 1 2 scrubbing bubbles pledge or shout products expires in days.
windex disinfectant scrubbing bubbles and.
windex disinfectant glass cleaner with.
windex disinfectant while we can easily see dirt and dust that collects on furniture and floors gunk on windows always as easy to see we often get used to looking.
windex disinfectant outdoor spray window cleaner review designs.
windex disinfectant multi surface spray cleaner 2.
windex disinfectant formula multi surface cleaner spray bottle ounces.
windex disinfectant disinfectant cleaner with glade.
windex disinfectant glass cleaner ammonia free can you use on tinted windows best window.
windex disinfectant multi surface concentrated cleaner 2 bottles.
windex disinfectant multi surface disinfectant cleaner fluid ounces pack of 2.
windex disinfectant complete clean all purpose cleaner lemon breeze scent.
windex disinfectant cascade dishwasher detergent lemon scent.
windex disinfectant homemade green glass cleaner from a 4 cup white vinegar 1 4 cup rubbing alcohol 1 tbsp cornstarch 2 cups water 8 drops lavender essential.
windex disinfectant disinfectant multi surface cleaner image gallery.
windex disinfectant simple green clean disinfectant cleaner.
windex disinfectant disinfectant cleaner multi surface glade.
windex disinfectant oz commercial line original glass cleaner trigger pack.
windex disinfectant disinfectant multi surface cleaner.
windex disinfectant touch up fresh scent multi surface disinfectant cleaner.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.103151
Retrieved Text: An outstanding cleaner degreaser made with no phosphates, or nonylphenol ethoxylate surfactants. Readily biodegradable with no VOC’s, no added fragrance, no silicates, no chelating agents or caustics. Synergistic surfactant system provides enhanced cleaning and degreasing performance. Ideal for general purpose cleaning and degreasing in kitchens, food service, office buildings, light industrial facilities and other areas where environmental responsibility and worker safety issues are important.
Dilute product at a rate of 1 oz per quart (1:32). Loosen the cap, squeeze the bottle to push the liquid into the measuring cup. Measure 1 ounce of product. Remove the cap and pour the liquid into an empty 32 oz trigger spray bottle with appropriate labeling attached. Fill the bottle with cool water. Attach the trigger spray to the bottle.
Spray the diluted cleaner on the soiled surface and spread evenly with a cloth or paper towel. Allow dwell time for stubborn soil, Wipe dry and polish with a clean soft cloth or paper towel.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.10236
Retrieved Text: Trojan is a heavy duty alkaline liquid floor cleaner formulated to cut through built-up grease and kitchen soil. It will strip-away grease on hoods, vents, ovens and kitchen floors.
Spray 'N' Wipe Multi Purpose Cleaner is suitable for all hard surfaces including counter tops, stainless steel, chrome, plastic, enamel, ceramic tile, vinyl, granite, glass, porcelain plastic and melamine tabletops. Available in 5 Litre or 15 Litre or a screen printed spray bottle (Bottle Only).

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do you attach toilet paper to a glass jar?

Choice 1: Press a piece of double-sided tape to the glass jar and then press the toilet paper onto the tape.

Choice 2: Spread mayonnaise all over the jar with your palms and then roll the jar in toilet paper.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.63416
Retrieved Text: Rust-oleum Frosted Glass spray….who knew?! That is just way cool. Thanks guys!
Pretty sure Rust-oleum owes us a big thank you!
I want to “frost spray” my glass door to dvd/tv unit to hide dvds, cd’s, it is smoky glass…what do you think? I tried to use film but did not want to do the cutting, etc. I want to do something more permanent..what do you think?
I’ll bet it would work just fine. Take the doors off the unit…and spray them outside. OOhhh, and be sure to tape off everything that you don’t want frosted with blue painters tape.
Awwww shuck, someone was bound to think of this eventually…..glad it was us.
Hi! I discovered your blog just recently. I loved this idea so much I did it today! I have been using an oversized hurricane glass for spare toilet paper in the guest bath for years (Martha Stewart idea, I think?). Anyway, was getting tired of looking at toilet paper as a decoration. Used this idea, et voila, newly chic toilet paper storage. I added an extra stripe of painters tape at the top for an additional detail. Thanks for sharing!
Hi Julie, how clever! And who wants to see toilet paper as decor? Love that!
I am stealing this wonderful idea!
I would hope that you would!!! I’d love to see your own creative spin on it….
How does it hold up when washed?
Good question, Kim. I haven’t put them in the dishwasher, but have hand washed them……and the frost seems pretty permanent.
You can also put a design on them by placing

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.49431
Retrieved Text: You can freshen up your washroom using toilet bombs that clean and remove smells. A perfect shiny toilet wash basin can be neglected if your toilet is not clean! You can make some toilet bombs and customize with your favorite scents. This is super easy recipe that you can try at your home and get a best-smelling spot in your home.
Let’s read this out and find how to make these scented toilet bombs.
Add the baking soda in a bowl and break the clumps using a fork. Baking soda naturally cleans and eliminates odors and thus, most toilet bombs are having it as active ingredient. Add citric acid and mix. The citric acid adds the liveliness to these cleaners.
Take a small glass and add vinegar and hydrogen peroxide. Mix them.
Add the hydrogen peroxide and vinegar mixture to the baking soda. Make sure you add it drop by drop because if you add the liquid all at once, it will make a mess as citric acid and baking soda will react!
Add the essential oil and mix with gentle hands. If you want refreshing scent, use lemongrass, wintergreen, or lavender based lingering scent.
Take a dollop scoop and make half balls of bombs and tap on the parchment paper sheet.
You can spritz the rounds with equal parts of water and vinegar that helps hold them together.
Let it set and dry from minimum four hours or overnight.
You can store these balls in a sealed glass jar and keep the jar inside your washroom. The next time things get icky, after flushing,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.975166
Retrieved Text: Remove the metal top from the shaker jar and clean the glass with vinegar. Wipe the glass dry with paper towels.
Roll the Smooch Spritz between your palms to mix the shimmer particles in the bottle. Spray the surface of the jar with Smooch Spritz in Splash.
Gently wipe and buff the bottle with a paper towel leaving a thin smooth coating on the jar.
Use the Heat Tool to permanently set the Smooch Spritz. Do not touch the jar for 5-10 minutes, allowing it to cool as it will be very hot!
Hold the bottle of Smooch Spritz a few inches away from the white craft paper and coat with a layer of Splash. Allow to dry.
Coat the white ribbon with Smooch Spritz and allow to dry.
Place the Watermark Cartridge and Design Wheel into the Rollagraph Handle. Press down on the Cartridge tab to activate and perform a few test rolls on scrap paper to fully ink the Design Wheel.
Rollagraph the entire surface of the Splash coated craft paper and sprinkle with Black Embossing Powder. Tap off excess Embossing Powder and heat set the Rollagraphed image with the Heat Tool.
Cut the paper to fit the jar, like a label. Attach the label to the jar with the spray adhesive, smoothing out any wrinkles or bubbles.
Stamp the sentiment onto the cardstock using the Archival Dye Ink in Wicked Black. Allow to dry. Cut out the sentiment with scissors and adhere to the label.
Adhere trim and ribbon along the top and bottom of the label.
Use the hot glue gun to embellish

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.850155
Retrieved Text: shower window solutions bathroom shower window solutions shower window solutions small bathroom design ideas kitchen bath remodeling near me shower near window solutions.
wall mounted toilet brush zack wall mounted toilet brush stainless steel john lewis wall mounted toilet brush holder.
dog toilet paper holder dachshund dog toilet paper holder dog toilet tissue holder.
royal baby shower centerpieces prince baby shower royal baby shower royal baby shower themes.
tub and shower combo ideas small corner bath bathtubs tubs shower combo idea for spaces bathroom storage cabinet tub shower combination ideas.
luxury pool towels closeup of towels at a luxury swimming pool photo by luxury resort pool towels.
glass q tip holder q tip cleaner jar s smoke q tip holder glass cotton ball and q tip holder.
wooden cd holder wooden rack china wooden rack wooden cd rack ikea.
pumpkin tealight holder i pumpkin tea light holders uk.
homemade toilet paper holder garage paper towel holder wall mount paper towel holder intended for mounted iron hand forged by homemade recessed toilet paper holder.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.087147
Retrieved Text: Have I mentioned that life has been crazy?
I had this design ready to post and didn't want to postpone.
The hall bathroom is mainly used by our guests now.
I want it to feel clean and inviting.
I'm putting the gray paint we used in our living room and hallway to use again.
The hall bathroom is located close to both of them so I think it will flow well.
The vanity is a darker gray so it won't blend in against the light gray walls.
The counter top is plain white stone.
The hardware: faucet, towel bar, trash can, handles and toilet paper holder are an oil rubbed bronze that appear almost black.
Above the vanity we have a mirror with gray beading.
I love that the beading adds something so it's not just a plain mirror and ties it into the color scheme.
This bathroom is on the smaller side so I added an oil rubbed bronze shelf over the toilet for storage.
We have spare toilet paper, a canister to hold cotton balls, a glass candy jar which holds my bath bombs and a candle.
I like to keep things that guests might need accessible so they don't have to rummage through the vanity looking for something.
How do you store items in tight places?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.971249
Retrieved Text: Hey, y'all! I have a little gift idea to share with you today. There's just something so fun about getting or giving a gift in a mason jar. You can be giving a very inexpensive gift, but if you put it in a mason jar, it automatically seems extra special. So today's post is all about how to take a small gift and make it look cute in a mason jar with a pretty handmade gift tag.
This gift idea involves creating a handmade tag using some new dies and clear stamps from Sizzix designed by Rachael Bright.
First, you need to create the pretty tag for your mason jar. Use your Sizzix BIGkick and the Thinlits of your choice to cut some scrapbook paper. To do so, put the Thinlits face up on a Standard Size Cutting Pad. Place scrapbook paper on top of the Thinlits and put another Standard Size Cutting Pad on top of that. Place that "Sizzix sandwich" on top of the Multipurpose Platform and roll through your BIGkick.
You can then use the stamps and ink pad to embellish your tag. Attach any paper embellishments with a glue stick.
Fill your jar with sugar scrub, bath salt, or even candy. (I have two sugar scrub recipes HERE and HERE if you want to make your own.) Cut a piece of coordinating scrapbook paper to fit the top of the jar, and attach the gift tag to the jar using baker's twine to complete your gift.
With the holidays swiftly approaching, this is a great way to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.921259
Retrieved Text: Cleaning the toilet must be one of the least liked household chores but as much as we don’t like doing it we know that it has to be done. Maintaining your toilet fresh, clean and germ-free is extremely important for the well-being of your entire family but who said that you can’t make this chore easier? Instead of investing in expensive cleaning agents, loaded with harsh chemicals, why don’t you try the following homemade toilet cleaner? It will neutralize the odors, eliminate the bacteria and make your toilet smell fresh all the time.
Mix the baking soda and the lemon juice in a small bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the hydrogen peroxide and vinegar. Add this mixture in the baking soda-lemon juice mixture one drop at a time. In the end add a fragrant oil of your choice.
Take a spoon and make half-ball shapes. Place these on some parchment paper to dry. These toilet fizzies take a minimum of 4 hours to dry, but if you aren’t in a hurry, you’d better leave them to dry overnight. When they are completely dry, store them in an air-tight glass jar near your toilet.
Whenever you see that your toilet bowl is ready for cleaning, just drop a tab. You can do this as often as 2-3 times a week.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.577457
Retrieved Text: Several years ago I posted White Elephant Gift Ideas, which has been a very popular post. This year I bring you the White Elephant Gift Ideas Potty Edition, which focuses on handmade gifts.
Create one of these silly white elephant gift ideas for your this year’s Christmas party.
Jar of Elephant Poop – Take a jar and glue a plastic elephant on the lid. Spray paint the elephant lid. Fill the jar with edible elephant poop. I made the edible poop by mixing crunchy chow mein noodles, peanuts, and melted chocolate chips.
I formed the little piles of poop and let them harden on wax paper. I got the elephant at a dollar store and glued it onto an old food jar.
Embroidered Toilet Paper – How funny are these? I made these rolls of toilet paper using my embroidery machine. You can purchase them in my Etsy shop.
Toilet paper can be customized with just about any saying. Great for a White Elephant Gift Exchange, but also perfect as a gag gift for a birthday, retirement, or other special events.
Coffee Makes Me Poop Mug & Coffee – Take a white coffee mug and an oil-based pen and write ‘Coffee Makes Me Poop’ on it. Bake the mug to set the writing. I found directions for this on Pinterest.
Pair it with a bag of coffee and crack people up. A teen was the lucky recipient of this at our party this year and he said, “Coffee Makes Me Poop and Fart!” That would be hilarious too!
Edible Doggie Poo & Pee –

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.478485
Retrieved Text: The craft stores are full of Halloween tricks and treats and I am always tempted to buy more than I should. Recently I saw a cute glass bottle ornament with a POISON label and black lace at the craft store for $4.99 and decided I would make my own with a cheaper bottle and materials I had at home.
I think it would be fun to make several of these in different shapes and sizes with different labels. Border and motifs are below if you want to stitch your own. I also made my own alphabets and drew up two more labels. You can purchase them all in one here.
1) Dig up some small pieces of aida, black ribbon or lace, and black embroidery floss from your stash.
2) Small glass jars and bottles can be purchased at many dollar stores and craft stores. You might even have one or two in the kitchen! Clean an old spice jar or jelly jar and give it a new purpose.
3) Measure the circumference of the jar with your aida, marking where you will stitch with light pencil lines. You can see my pencil marks in the picture on the left, above.
5) Add decorative stitches or simple motifs. I’ve drawn some below that you can use. You may want to use graph paper to plan your label.
6) Trim aida with pinking shears or cut to fit bottle. Attach aida to bottle — I use Elmer’s Craft Bond. Add ribbon, lace, charms, or buttons. Make a collection of bottles for yourself or

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.30486
Retrieved Text: Today's card features another one made with the Wonderful Romance Bundle from the Occasions Catalog. I said the last time I made a card with this bundle that I would use the beautiful leaf trim die in the Wonderful Floral Framelits next time, and here it is.
There are few things I learned about this die, especially when die-cutting out of Thick Whisper White cardstock. I show what I learned in the video below.
Click on the Picture to Get All of the Information on the Bundle.
This card also features the coordinating Floral Romance Specialty Designer Series Paper (DSP), Lace Dynamic Textured Impressions Embossing Folder and Floral Romance Seals. Don't these items look great together!
I used the super cute, Sweetest Thing Bundle from the 2019 Stampin Up! Occasions Catalog to make this week's Short & Sweet Saturday card. The bundle includes the Sweetest Thing Stamp Set and the Jar of Sweets Framelits Dies. When you purchase them together as a bundle, you'll save 10%.
I also used the coordinating How Sweet It Is Designer Series Paper (DSP). I love how there's gummy bear DSP to match the gummy bears in the jar. 😍 I also used the coordinating ribbon, Coastal Cabana/Granny Apple Green 3/8" Reversible Ribbon. Don't you love seeing both colors on this card? FYI: This ribbon is on backorder right now, but you can still order. it.
Emboss the Powder Pink piece by running it through the Big Shot with the Polka Dot Basics Textured Impressions Embossing Folder. Die-cut a scallop circle out of the square Granny Apple

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.196661
Retrieved Text: This cake looks almost good enough to eat!
Earlier this week I showed you our fabulous "Ready to Pop" themed baby shower (click HERE to download our FREE Ready to Pop party printables!), now I'll show you a simple tutorial on how to make the beautiful diaper cake we used as the centerpiece for our food display. Diaper cakes are a great way to dress up a practical gift, and if you decorate in the colors of the party, they can also become a beautiful focal point of the shower decor.
Some might say they pull double doody....er, I mean duty. Ahem.
Let's start out with the supplies you'll need:I made this whole diaper cake for less than $30, simply by shopping smart and utilizing some supplies that I had around the house. When you know you're going to be making one of these in the near future, start collecting empty toilet paper rolls (these can be used for other fun crafts as well) and an empty wrapping paper roll. I use the empty wrapping paper roll as the "base" of the cake, to help hold everything securely in place. It helps the cake transport easily without falling apart and keeps everything centered.
With the exception of the diapers, I found all of my supplies (cake plate, ribbons, flower, crinkle paper) all at Michael's...so it really was a one-stop-shop kind of project. PLUS I used my Michael's iPhone app for a coupon and saved some money!
STEP 1: Cut down your wrapping paper roll and glue it to the center of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.008291
Retrieved Text: Easy Disney Craft for Halloween - Mickey Mouse paper pumpkin with full photo instructions.
Step-by-step photo instructions for this easy Mickey Mouse inspired paper Jack-O-Lantern. You probably have all the supplies on hand and construction is very simple. This cute Halloween craft is appropriate for children and adults, though small children may need help cutting the construction paper strips and leaves. You can put this together in just a few minutes or make several pumpkins and group them together. Disney World has the Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween Parties in September and October. You can host your own Not So Scary Halloween Party and do this craft before showing a Disney Halloween movie like The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad or Halloweentown.
Photo credit: All photos are my own unless otherwise noted.
Supplies to make a Mickey Mouse Paper Jack-O-Lantern: Orange construction paper, green construction paper, a toilet paper tube, scissors and transparent tape,or craft glue or a glue gun.
Cut a toilet paper roll in to a 2.5-inch length. and cut a strip of orange paper into a 3-inch strip that is long enough to wrap around the toilet paper roll. Tape the orange paper so that there is a half inch above and below the enclosed toilet paper roll. We're using tape to make this a safe craft for children but adults or older children could use a glue gun instead of tape. You could also use craft glue but you'd have to allow time between some of the steps for the glue to dry.
Cover a toilet

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.888508
Retrieved Text: Candles help to create an amazing cozy atmosphere that is so important for the holidays coming. You can make an exciting centerpiece, decorate your mantel, window sill, even your porch. Have a look at some cool Christmas candle holder ideas that you can make yourself. Decorate some glass jars with stickers, sequins, glitter or paint; attach some yarn and bows, little branches and pine cones. Wrap the jar with burlap, an artichoke head, paper pictures, or just put a tea light candle into a piece of birch. Have a look at the photos below and seek for your inspiration, I’m sure, you’ll find it!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.761812
Retrieved Text: 38 Wonderful Delta toilet Paper Holder with Shelf. delta toilet paper holder with glass shelf in brushed, add innovative storage solution without sacrificing attractiveness with this delta double post toilet paper holder with glass shelf in satin nickel. Tag : delta toilet diaphragm, delta toilet paper holder stand, delta toilet seats, delta toilet canada, delta toilet seat parts, delta toilet c wh, delta toilet seats canada, delta toilet c wh, delta toilet parts, delta toilet at rona, 38 Wonderful Delta toilet Paper Holder with Shelf.
Delta Tesla Single Post Roll Toilet Paper Holder in. Image for Delta toilet Paper Holder with Shelf Amazing Delta Tesla Single Post Roll toilet Paper Holder In.
So, if you’d like to secure all these incredible photos about 38 Wonderful Delta toilet Paper Holder with Shelf, just click save icon to save the graphics to your computer. Finally if you like to secure new and the latest picture related to 38 Wonderful Delta toilet Paper Holder with Shelf, please follow us on google plus or bookmark this page, we attempt our best to present you daily up-date with all new and fresh graphics. We do hope you like keeping right here.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.68565
Retrieved Text: Prepare For Guests This Holiday Season!
Running around, shopping, carting kids and family everywhere… Sound familiar? Let’s make this holiday season a little less stressful. We’re headed to Family Dollar where we’ll use Smart Coupons to save as we stock up on holiday essentials and all of our holiday entertaining needs.
Have you strolled through the holiday aisles at Family Dollar lately? Katie can’t get enough of it, there’s something new on the shelves every time we stop by and we always end up coming home with a new decoration. Our house is going to be gleaming with holiday spirit from Thanksgiving right through Christmas this year!
While we always focus on food and activities for when our guests arrive, we often forget about the other stuff, like bath tissue and paper towels! So before we forget, today we’re swinging by Family Dollar on the way home to stock up on a couple of things. Plus, we’re using their new Smart Coupons to stock up on Angel Soft® bath tissue and Sparkle® paper towels! We found the Angel Soft® bath tissue on the far wall closest to the check out and the Sparkle® paper towels were in the opposite corner of the store, on the back wall.
Aside from the fact that there’s a Smart Coupon for both of these items, both are essentials that are often overlook during the holidays. But they’re two things you want to have handy when entertaining guests. They’re not just a great value, they’re essential! Check out my hacks below for a cool gift

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.363535
Retrieved Text: Healthy and ecological personal care | It's easy and even cheaper!
Once, a single soap, maybe even natural and homemade, was used for everything. Nowadays we are surrounded by hundreds of plastic bottles and any kind of mixtures. Something got wrong… But all is not lost!
Let’s start from the beginning: how to replace shower gel, shampoo and liquid soap!
▪ Bar soap (photo below), possibly natural (check the ingredients) and wrapped in paper (if there’s plastic, you can hear it creak). You find it in supermarkets, in the ones specialized with cleaning and personal care you have more choices.
In spice shops or Lush and similar, you may find them bulk (remember to take a container from home). All soaps can be used for body, while for hair there are even more specific ones. Someone uses pure Castile soap, others the «All one» from Dr. Bronner’s. It’s subjective, so try and find your favourite bar soap!
▪ Shampoo and body wash bars are soaps especially made for those purposes. They are a bit more expensive and are sold only in specialized shops (online on Ecco Verde), spice shops, Lush and so on.
▪ If you like body sponges, choose the natural versions: for example, made from hemp or luffa (you can even grow it on your own). Sea sponges are animals, not a good choice, because of the devastating exploitation of marine ecosystems. (Unless they come from farming, maybe).
▪ Deodorant bar, powder or cream, you can buy it (in glass jar, paper or bulk) or do it yourself.
▪ Instead of shaving

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.305264
Retrieved Text: If you have some empty glass jars, turn them into votive lights and enjoy the fabulous atmosphere they create.
The video below demonstrates how to make a lovely decoration. Besides a glass or a jar you will need imitation snow available in hobby shops, but some coarse salt will also do the trick. You will also need glue and a brush or a sponge attached to a stick.
Sprinkle a small amount of artificial snow on a large sheet of paper, and slightly smooth it with your hand. Spread a thin layer of glue on the outside of the glass or jar, and then dip it into the artificial snow, making sure to cover the glass entirely.
Allow the glue to dry for two or three hours. After that, place a tea candle into the glass and enjoy the festive light.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.233614
Retrieved Text: Everyone has something they want to keep in a jar and this adorable Elephant Jar Keeper will do the job with flair. From cookies to spare change, with the clear glass jar you will always know how much (or many) you have. Not only that, you have an elephant keeping an eye on it all.
The elegant design will complement just about any decor, and yet add a whimsical touch. This cute pachyderm is at home in any room in the house. From cottonballs in the bathroom to paper clips in the study you will love this jar. For more information or to order, click here.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.164324
Retrieved Text: Spring is in the air! Don’t you just love the sound of spring birds? It’s one of the many things I love about it warming up and saying Goodbye to winter!
We had a tonne of snow in Nova Scotia this past winter and as of May 1st you can still see it on our property and in the woods. Some animals and birds were having a hard time finding food. We were encouraged by local shops and wildlife groups to help feed the birds, so mid-April we decided to make some bird feeders.
Toilet paper rolls AND/OR Pine Cones.
Step 1: Set up your work station on newspapers to keep the mess contained.
Step 2: Cut yarn to desired length and attach to toilet paper rolls or pine cones.
Step 3: Paint/Spread the Peanut Butter over the entire paper roll or pine cone.
Step 4: Once covered in peanut butter, place paper roll/pine cone in a pile of bird seed. Cover it with bird seed until you can’t see any open spots. You can roll the toilet paper roll/pine cone around and press down on it to ensure it sticks in.
It’s fun to keep an eye on the new bird feeders over time to see how they are doing. Our girls loved watching the birds eat from their own bird feeders and can’t wait to do it again.
Have you ever made a bird feeder?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.113014
Retrieved Text: removing candle wax from glass removing wax from glass how to clean candle jars pour boiling water into a jar with removing wax from glass removing candle wax off glass.
removing candle wax from glass for the others the boiling water allowed the wax to soften without separating and i was able to gently lift the wax loose with a butter knife remove candle wax glass jar.
removing candle wax from glass image titled remove wax from glass step 8 how to remove candle wax from glass votive containers.
removing candle wax from glass remove candle wax from glass remove candle wax stain from carpet with iron how to remove remove candle wax from glass best way to remove candle wax from glass table.
removing candle wax from glass how to remove candle wax from glass removing candle wax from crystal candlesticks.
removing candle wax from glass how to remove wax from glass candle holders luxury 4 ways to remove candle wax remove candle wax glass table.
removing candle wax from glass rinse out with soapy water and dry with paper towel best way to remove candle wax from glass container.
removing candle wax from glass simple remove wax from a candle holder how do you remove candle wax from glass jars.
removing candle wax from glass tutorial this foolproof method for how to remove candle wax from glass jars works every time with little effort removing candle wax from glass surface.
removing candle wax from glass medium size of hardwood floor candle wax from hardwood floors how to remove remove candle wax from glass

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.084208
Retrieved Text: Materials: 1 glass jar (works well with a pasta sauce jar), 1 small plastic leprechaun hat (I got this from the Dollar Store), 1 piece of orange construction paper, 1 (maybe 2 depending on the size of your jar) pieces of green construction paper, 1 small scrap piece of yellow construction paper, a black marker or Sharpie, a green marker, a glue stick or tape.
Instructions: First, take your green piece of construction paper and cut it the long way so that it is as tall as your jar, you may need two pieces of green construction paper to complete this step. Next, glue or tape the green construction paper on your glass jar so that none of the plain glass is visible other than that of the top hole and the bottom base of the jar. Now, take your orange construction paper and cut a beard shape from it. make the inside part of the beard smooth and empty so that you will have room to draw on your leprechaun’s face later. Now glue on your beard fairly close to the top of the jar. Now, cut out a belt buckle from yellow construction paper and glue just below the middle of your jar. Next, draw a face in the center of the green paper inside the area that is left open of the beard. Now add your green plastic leprechaun hat, you can either tape it on, or if it has and elastic band strap that under to the bottom. Now for final touches! you

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.057657
Retrieved Text: polyester floral pattern multi color shower curtains curtain blue colored i.
oil rubbed bronze toilet tissue roll paper holder series orb handle tank lever.
shower door glass types of doors a comfortable build your delta missing parts.
closet shelf with rod 4 closetmaid brackets support.
shower head hose attachment handheld attaches to your tub spout heads attach bathtub faucet and bath bathroom for with handh.
think pink our and gold shower curtain adds a pop of pattern color.
pocket door bottom guide sliding floor rail glass closet installation gu.
oh yuk home depot jetted bathtub cleaner fascinating bathtubs shower tub fiberglass enclosures whirlpool pump.
5 x inch pivot shower enclosure base 32 door 72 frameless.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.929207
Retrieved Text: How do I have to pack the javadoc and the sources into a jar-library, so that it is not necessary to attach them in the path-configurations?
them to change where the information is in the jar file.
>How do I have to pack the javadoc and the sources into a jar-library, so that it is not necessary to attach them in the path-configurations?
The displayed path to the html file seems to be correct. Do you have any idea what may be wrong ?
your second sound like it cannot.
/src is where my java source files are (can be moved if necessary).
directory path (or prefix) inside the jar. Does that seem feasible?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.884613
Retrieved Text: Do you ever need a last minute gift to give? You want something unique and personal, yet do not know what to give... Watch this video on last-minute gifts they are going to want to receive and be a little frugal while you are at it!
This is super easy and can be for that mother, daughter, BFF, co-worker, neighbor, etc. Choose luxurious colors. Why not arrange in a wine glass?
Why not buy some chocolate spread or Nutella for this one? If you bought the spread, things would probably work out easier. But, if you are old-fashioned and want to melt the chocolate yourself, do it by all means. Simply stick the pretzel stick in the chocolate and stick in the fridge. Cannot find a proper container? Decorate a paper bag!
These are cute to give in small mason jars or also decorated paper bags. They say it is all about presentation, but I disagree. A paper bag that is decorated shows you took the time and effort...not needing to buy a fancy tin.
Can you come up with a bunch of nice things to say to that special person? Write them down on little slips of paper. When the recipient is having a bad day, they can always grab that memory jar and feel better.
I really like this one as there are all kinds of options. Simply either buy a coloring book, markers and frame for a person to color and frame for themselves or YOU color a page, attach a favorite saying or bible verse to the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.820969
Retrieved Text: Halloween is almost here! I love this time of year. All this week I am going to have tutorials on how you can make your own spooky Halloween projects.
Today I am going to show you how to make this cute Monster Munchies treat container. I filled it with yummy gummy spiders.
This idea was shown at convention in July, and this is how I made mine.
On the larger piece, score a line 1" from the score line, and cut off the end 1/2" from the score line you just made. This will become the bottom of your treat holder.
Cut a 3/4" strip from the Howlstooth & Scaringbone DSP. Tape middle of paper to front of holder. When you get to the edge, pinch the top of the DSP to match the corner of the holder. Pinch the paper straight down.
Since the treat holder isn't straight all the way around, you will have a small gap at the bottom of the DSP. You want that gap, so the paper strip will go all the way around evenly.
Tape both sides of the the paper strip down. Don't tape down the back until you attach the Monster Munchies sign. Start by putting a piece of Sticky Stip on the back.
Attach a toothpick to the sticky strip, and place another piece of sticky strip over the toothpick to help secure it. Tape down the rest of the DSP strip.
Attach brads to the punched out Frankenstien head using glue dots. Place a glue dot in each corner of the square, and on

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.767225
Retrieved Text: If you have someone on your Christmas gift list who loves to bake, they are sure to appreciate this adorable Christmas Cookie Cutter Gift. The free printables are actually popular Christmas cookie recipes that you can attach to your gift! Plus there are 8×10 versions available so you can hang them in your own kitchen!
A few weeks ago I shared my Ultimate Gift Guide for Bakers that had some of my favorite gift ideas, and today I’ve got a thoughtful gift idea that you can put together yourself for very little cost.
A glass or plastic mason-type jar (I used this one from IKEA). Or you could even use a cellophane or other type of gift bag.
Printable recipe tag. You can download the colorful recipe card I shared last week and write your own favorite recipe, or use the cookie recipes that you can download at the end of this post.
Fill the jar or bag with the cookie cutters.
Attach the downloadable recipe card to the jar with ribbon or twine. Be sure to attach a pretty gift tag and sign your name!
Depending on where you purchase them (and how many you want to include), the cookie cutters will run you anywhere from a few dollars, to $15. This set on Amazon is under $7. This would be an adorable gift for friends, neighbors, or even colleagues!
Or you could always just frame the chalkboard recipe signs and display them in your kitchen! They add a little touch of whimsy, and aren’t just for Christmas!
Such a sweet idea! Thank

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.751831
Retrieved Text: 24/01/2009�� Get a 3 or 4 litre ice cream container, cut an outlet to the flush of the toilet so that it contains the water that goes down the loo. The other way is to put a brick in the reservoir. it reduces the available volume.... 21/10/2018�� Low-flush toilets use no more than 1.6 gallons (6.1 L) of water per flush, while normal toilets use three or four times that much. A dual-flush toilet allows you to use less water to flush liquid waste and more water to flush solid waste simply by pressing the correct button.
Car owners should learn the procedure to remove and attach parts or fluid, which tools to use, and the supplies required for flushing a heater core. Depending on how much buildup is in the system, an hour or less is sufficient to complete the entire process.... This sort of thing lets you select a smaller flush or a bigger flush, depending on how much flush you need. Lastly (and this depends on the urgency of saving water and the household's tolerance for the "yuck" factor), you can save water by not flushing each and every time.
1. Fill a bucket with about 2 gallons of water. Push down on the flush handle of the toilet, and while the toilet is flushing, pour the water quickly into the bowl.
Depending on the kind of toilet you have, you use between five and seven gallons of water every time you flush. Fill a jar or bottle with water (you can also use a brick)

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.748798
Retrieved Text: Year1-2 students have designed their own sandals.
Teacher measured their feet and got the correct sandal size.
After they designed beautiful diffrent style of sandals.
Look at here how beautiful they are!!
Year 3-4 students have designed their own sandals.
They measured their feet with each partner and got the correct sandal size.
Y5-6 Students have designed “key holder”.
They explored out art materials for making their own ideas of work.
Year 7-9 students designed their “cup coaster”.
After finished the task, they have learned how to make a variety of Poster. They have started to make a poster of HFS.
Year 1-2 Students, they have made thier finger puppets of their favourite characters with toilet paper rolls. Also they disigned their summer sandals.
Year 3-4 Students, they have made thier finger puppets of their favourite characters with toilet paper rolls.
Year5-6 Students have learned blue and white porcelain jar with plum and bamboo design.
Year7-9 Students have learned blue and white porcelain jar with plum and bamboo design.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.702574
Retrieved Text: This blog is called "A Bride On A Budget." Everyone has a budget. Some budgets are higher than others, but no one I know (and no one who I think reads this blog) has an unlimited stream of money. Everyone has a limit, which means everyone has a budget.
That doesn't mean you can't have an amazing wedding, it just means that sometimes you have to get a little creative. Like with our DIY wedding table setting.
I absolutely love how it came out. It's simple and pretty ... and made from a toilet paper roll. One woman's trash is another woman's wedding table setting. This is a very good chance you have toilet paper in your home. As do your parents. And your bridesmaids. Ask them all to start collecting their rolls for you and you'll have enough in no time.
Fold the toilet paper roll in half.
Align the shot glass on the end of the toilet paper (about one-third of the glass should be over the roll). Draw around it with a pencil.
Use that semi-circle to measure a matching semi-circle on the other side. Cut that one out too.
Paint a layer of paint over the entire toilet paper roll. I used a foam brush because you don't end up with streak marks like you do with a brush with bristles. One layer of this paint was enough.
Paint the inside as well, as far as you can go. If I had a smaller foam brush, it would have been easier to paint the entire inside. You don't need

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.616604
Retrieved Text: Place the willow birches into the glass jar. Peel of extra catkins that are at the bottom halves of the birches and place them into the jar.
Tie the birches together with the flower wire at the point where they come out of the jar.
To make them stand, spread them apart at the bottom.
Attach the ribbon around the glass jar using the left over flower wire.
Gorgeous. I can't wait for spring in oz, so I can have a go at making those!

================



======= Instance Index 8 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to make tissue paper window decorations?

Choice 1: Find tissue paper and fold it in half. Take scissors and cut out pieces of the paper in the middle. When you are done tape it to your window.

Choice 2: Find tissue paper and fold it in half. Take scissors and tear out pieces of the paper in the middle. When you are done tape it to your window.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.458046
Retrieved Text: How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Impressive How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Alluring Cheap Paper Pom was posted in October 5 2018 at 1:25 pm and has been seen by 6 users. How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Impressive How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Alluring Cheap Paper Pom is best picture that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. If you want to see other picture of How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Impressive How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Alluring Cheap Paper Pom you can browse our other pages and if you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery below.
How To Make Honeycomb PomPoms Mr Printables DIY Beautiful Tissue Paper Flower Using a Golf Ball How To Make Hanging Paper Ball Decorations Delectable 32” Diy Tissue 32 DIY Tissue Paper PomPoms Halloween Pinterest Tissue paper Christmas Tree Decorations Tissue Paper Pom Poms Flower Balls Buy How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Decorative Design How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Alluring Cheap Paper Pom Diy Multi Colou Paper Flowers Kissing Ball Wedding Birthday Party How to Make Tissue PomPoms HGTV 32 Cheap and Easy Ways to Decorate Your Dorm Great Ideas How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.92994
Retrieved Text: How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Gorgeous 32 DIY Tissue Paper PomPoms Halloween Pinterest Tissue paper was posted in October 5 2018 at 1:25 pm and has been seen by 11 users. How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Gorgeous 32 DIY Tissue Paper PomPoms Halloween Pinterest Tissue paper is best picture that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. If you want to see other picture of How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Gorgeous 32 DIY Tissue Paper PomPoms Halloween Pinterest Tissue paper you can browse our other pages and if you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery below.
Christmas Tree Decorations Tissue Paper Pom Poms Flower Balls Buy How to Make Tissue PomPoms HGTV How to Make Tissue Paper Pom Poms an easy step by step tutorial How to Make Tissue Paper PomPoms Pinterest Paper pom poms How To Make Hanging Paper Ball Decorations Delectable 32” Diy Tissue How To Make Honeycomb PomPoms Mr Printables DIY Tissue Paper Pom Poms Sukkah Decor Revamped Paper Ball Lanterns creative jewish mom LEARN HOW TO MAKE YOUR OWN DIY HONEYCOMB POM POMS USING TISSUE PAPER DIY Beautiful Tissue Paper Flower Using a Golf Ball How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.904514
Retrieved Text: How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Stunning How to Make Tissue Paper Pom Poms an easy step by step tutorial was posted in October 5 2018 at 1:25 pm and has been seen by 10 users. How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Stunning How to Make Tissue Paper Pom Poms an easy step by step tutorial is best picture that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. If you want to see other picture of How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Stunning How to Make Tissue Paper Pom Poms an easy step by step tutorial you can browse our other pages and if you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery below.
How to Make Tissue Paper Pom Poms an easy step by step tutorial DIY Tissue Paper Pom Poms Tissue paper balls rockinacousticcircus LEARN HOW TO MAKE YOUR OWN DIY HONEYCOMB POM POMS USING TISSUE PAPER Christmas Tree Decorations Tissue Paper Pom Poms Flower Balls Buy DIY Beautiful Tissue Paper Flower Using a Golf Ball Sukkah Decor Revamped Paper Ball Lanterns creative jewish mom How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations Decorative Design How To Make Hanging Paper Ball Decorations Delectable 32” Diy Tissue Tissue Paper Pom Poms Tutorial Pom poms Pinterest Tissue paper How To Make Tissue Paper Balls Decorations.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.956146
Retrieved Text: HappyField Purple Teal Orange Black Halloween Party Decorations Kit: Orange&black tissue paper fans/purple&teal∨ange&black tissue paper honeycomb balls/purple&teal/orange&black tissue pom poms/purple∨ange&black tissue paper tassel. All in one Halloween Series Halloween Party Supplies Outdoor Decorations.
SIZE & COLOR: 1 pc orange tissue paper fan (10”), 1 pc black tissue paper fan (10”), 1 pc purple&black tissue paper honeycomb ball (10”), 1 pc teal&black tissue paper honeycomb ball (10”), 1 pc orange&black tissue paper honeycomb ball (10”), 2 pcs purple tissue paper pom poms (10”), 2 pcs teal tissue paper pom poms (10”), 2 pcs orange tissue paper pom poms (10”), 2 pcs black tissue paper pom poms (10”), 15 pcs paper tissue tassel sheets in purple/orange/black.
Assembly required, all the elements come in flat packed with instructions. Just enjoy this diy paper decoration with your families and friends. Please leave enough time to put them together. Each tissue paper fan and tissue honeycomb ball has a short white ribbon for easy display, can be reused again and again.
DIY this gorgeous decorative paper party to create a wonderful backdrop for your party and to show a friendly welcome to everyone in the party. Our purple teal orange black tissue paper decorations kit includes everything you need to create magical festive atmosphere for your Halloween party!
You can hang it on shop window,tree,doorway a mantel or wall etc for a unique photo backdrop. These Halloween accessories can be hung in the house, masquerade parties,outdoor, pub, business places, kitchen window, haunted house etc decorations.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.32716
Retrieved Text: Use the patterns in this project to make Halloween suncatchers shaped like bats, ghosts and jack-o'-lanterns. Hang the suncatchers in your windows and give some as gifts.
Suncatchers are easy to make and are a great vehicle for creativity—make them in a variety of colors, and add your own special touches. You can get as much enjoyment from making suncatchers as from looking at them.
Tip: The spider suncatchers are a bit more difficult to make. It's best to make one of the other suncatchers first to gain experience.
Optional: Waxed paper, cellophane or parchment paper.
Choose a suncatcher to make. Download and print the pattern.
Choose a ghost, bat, jack-o'-lantern or spider pattern that prints in color, or select the black & white pattern and use your creativity to add color and designs.
Each suncatcher requires a front and a back, so print two copies of the pattern to make the bats, assorted Halloween or the large jack-o'-lantern. You only need to print a single copy of the ghosts and spiders patterns, since they already include two copies of each suncatcher. Print the leaf pattern to colored paper to make leaf-shaped decorations to hang in the windows with the suncatchers.
Cut out on the box outline around the suncatcher. You need two frame patterns for each suncatcher.
Fold each rectangle in half on the dashed line. Cut out the centers of the frames. Now, open each piece flat. Trim the cut edges, if needed.
Tip: If your decorations aren't being hung in a window, skip the tissue paper and leave the center uncut.
Tip: Save

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.37484
Retrieved Text: paper decorative craftsneed papericious designer if only 12x12 craft paperscrapbook paper decorative paperprinted paperdesign paper for scrapbooking gift card making online decorative items.
paper decorative page decoration retro design vector background old ornament and flowers old paper vintage decorative elements hand drawn background vector large round paper decorative lanterns.
paper decorative download old paper with decorative vintage border stock photo image of paper aged paper decorative fireplace fans.
paper decorative papericious designer pretty basics 6 x 6 craft paperscrapbook paper decorative paperprinted paperdesign paper for scrapbooking gift card making and paper decorative dinner napkins.
paper decorative paper decorative items christmas tree honeycomb balls for party decorations buy christmas tree honeycomb ballschristmas decorations tree ballsparty designer contact paper decorative.
paper decorative copyright 2018 paper mojo all rights reserved tissue paper decorative flowers.
paper decorative cool things to make with leftover wrapping paper decorative steamers easy crafts fun paper decorative things for home.
paper decorative toilet paper decorative storage.
paper decorative greeting card or wedding invitation card with paper decorative flowers vector cmxcm blue white static cling bathroom window film stained cmxcm blue white static cling bathroom window film stained glass paper decorative frosted vinyl pvc.
paper decorative craft scrapbooking paper pad 7 inch vintage origami paper mache yarn decorative balls.
paper decorative baking special cake decorative paper steamer pad butter silicone paper disposable coaster paper things easy.
paper decorative providing you the best range of 4d print for door digital sunmica paper decorative sunmica paper decorative door skin paper sunmica digital print and paper things easy.
paper decorative ad extraordinary beautiful diy paper decoration ideas 14 tissue paper decorative

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.27722
Retrieved Text: Newly designed blue chevron print/blue polka dot print/blue stripe print paper lanterns, with baby blue&white tissue pom poms/tissue paper tassel/tissue honeycomb flowers, perfect for baby boy’s birthday party, boy’s first birthday party, boy’s baby shower decorations, nursery decorations or other blue theme celebration.
SIZE & COLOR: 1pc blue Chevron Print paper lantern(10”), 1pc blue Polka Dot Print paper lantern(10”), 1pc blue Stripe Print paper lantern(10”), 1pc white paper lantern(8”); 2pcs baby blue tissue pom poms(10”+12”), 2pcs white tissue pom poms(10”+12”); 1pc baby blue tissue paper honeycomb balls(8”); 12pcs baby blue/white mixed color pre-cut tissue sheets.
Assembly required, all the elements come in flat packed with instructions. Just enjoy this diy paper decoration with your families and friends. Please leave enough time to put the paper pom poms and paper tassel together. Each tissue pom poms has a short white ribbon for easy display.
Hang on a window, ceiling, above tables, walls, in doorways or across aisles. They're also fabulous to use as a photography backdrop. They can also be used as table centerpieces as well. High quality paper for long-time and sturdy hanging decor.
An economical way to add a bright and warm color to your boy’s first birthday party baby shower decorations for boy or just decorate your nursery room.
HappyField Newly designed blue chevron print/blue polka dot print/blue stripe print paper lanterns, with baby blue&white tissue pom poms/tissue paper tassel/tissue honeycomb flowers, perfect for baby boy’s birthday party, boy’s first birthday party, boy’s baby shower decorations, nursery decorations or other blue theme celebration.
Pom pom flower set up Instructions:1.Re-tight the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.870052
Retrieved Text: / Neon Pink Tissue Paper Honeycomb Ball, 8"
Neon Pink Tissue Paper Honeycomb Ball, 8"
Get your party popping with this eye-catching Neon Pink Tissue Paper Honeycomb Ball. Vibrant pink color will instantly add extra style to your indoor or outdoor party space. This hanging party decoration looks fantastic fastened to the ceiling, in a doorway, in a window, or dangling from a tree branch. Pair our tissue paper ball with more neon decorations for a neon birthday party, glow party, or 80s theme party. Create a black and neon pink color palette for your bestie's bachelorette party or girls' night. You can even wrap the ball in clear cellophane to make it look like a piece of hard candy.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.631853
Retrieved Text: Your tissue paper pom pom kit includes 48 sheets of pre-cut tissue paper & floral wire (enough to make 4 of the large tissue pom poms or 8 of the mini tissue pom …... Tissue Pom Poms Pom Pom Tutorial Garden Party Wedding Here Comes The Bride Dream Wedding Wedding Fun Wedding Things Simple Weddings Wedding Events Forward Tissue Pom-Poms make a party or event so festive!
These fun paper pom poms make awesome and inexpensive tissue paper Halloween decorations that you can make near the last minute and are very fast and easy once you know how.... Let’s take our favourite tropical fruits to the next level with these super-summery tissue paper pom poms. Experiment with different shapes to create a whole fruit bowl of beauties! Experiment with different shapes to create a whole fruit bowl of beauties!
Pom, How to make a tissue paper pompom, Halloween Decor with Pom Pom Wow DIY, Official PomPom Wow, DIY POM POM DISNEY PILLOW, Pomeranian Dog Pom Pom Tutorial, DIY Navratri Jewellery handmade, Pom Pom Nacklace Making, Navratri ornaments Making, Woolen... Earlier this year for my engagement, I purchased tissue paper pom pom decorations from Dollar Tree for just $1 and you receive (2) in the package.
Tissue paper poms are my absolute favorite party decoration. They are cheap and big and make a lot of impact. Unlike helium balloons, these can be made weeks ahead of time.
17/06/2016 · Perfect for room or outdoor decorations, these tissue paper pom-poms resemble dahlias to brighten up any party! You could even experiment with

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.110064
Retrieved Text: Tissue Paper Flowers Wedding Decorations is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at March 26, 2019 upload by aaronbaker in Wedding Flowers.
Tissue Paper Flowers Wedding Decorations. This awesome picture selections about Tissue Paper Flowers Wedding Decorations is available to download. We collect this awesome picture from online and select one of the best for you. Tissue Paper Flowers Wedding Decorations likeness and pictures selection that posted here was properly elected and published by aaronbaker after selecting the ones which are best among the others. So, ultimately we make it and here these list ofwonderful picture for your ideas and information reason regarding the Tissue Paper Flowers Wedding Decorations as part of aaronbaker.info exclusive updates collection. So, take your time and find out the best Tissue Paper Flowers Wedding Decorations photos and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. Regarding Photo description: Pic has been published by aaronbaker and has been tagged by tissue paper flowers wedding decorations in Wedding Flowers field. You are able to give your thoughts as feed-back to our site quality.
So, finally we make it and here these list ofwonderful photo for your inspiration and information purpose regarding the Tissue Paper Flowers Wedding Decorations as part of aaronbaker.info exclusive updates collection. So, take your time and find out the best Tissue Paper Flowers Wedding Decorations photos and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use.
Regarding Pic brief description: Image has been

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.414669
Retrieved Text: How To Make Fluffy Decoration Balls Inspiration 32 DIY Tissue Paper PomPoms was posted in October 5 2018 at 11:27 am and has been seen by 14 users. How To Make Fluffy Decoration Balls Inspiration 32 DIY Tissue Paper PomPoms is best picture that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. If you want to see other picture of How To Make Fluffy Decoration Balls Inspiration 32 DIY Tissue Paper PomPoms you can browse our other pages and if you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery below.
Fluffy Decoration Balls Instructions How to Make Tissue Paper Pom How to Make Tissue Paper PomPoms Qoo32 320pclot Plush Ball felt Soft Balls Fluffy Balls Pattern How to Make Tissue Paper PomPoms 32 DIY Tissue Paper PomPoms Halloween Pinterest Tissue paper How To Make Fluffy Decoration Balls Pleasing How To Make Tissue Pom Poms Flowers Pom poms are fluffy balls made out of varying 32pcs Wedding Series Tissue Paper Pom Poms Paper Lanterns Party Tutorial Tulle Ball Party Decorations Big Dot Of Happiness How To Make Fluffy Decoration Balls Pleasing How To Make Tissue How To Make Fluffy Decoration Balls.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.986952
Retrieved Text: In the top 10 I always see our Photo to Wood Transfer, our How To Mount A Photo To Canvas Tutorial, our How To Make Giant Tissue Paper Flowers Tutorial, a sewing project (or two or three), and then a mix of other things. The first three projects are always on the list and they get the most comments and questions.
One of the questions I get the most often for the Giant Tissue Paper Flowers is how to make smaller versions of them. My sister got married last summer and we made tissue paper flowers in a few different sizes for her wedding, so today I thought I’d share with you how to make DIY mini tissue paper flowers. The flowers work out to be approximately 8 inches in diameter and are so pretty clustered together in different colors.
My favorite part? You can make 8 flowers with one package of $0.99 tissue paper from the dollar store. AMAZING! That’s a lot of bang for your party planning budget! With a $10 budget you could make 80 of these lovelies! That’s not something you can say about the pre-made poms that you can buy at the party store!
I make these almost every year for my daughter’s birthday party decorations! They are also fun for baby showers, Christmas parties (I did them in red and green for ours), and summer BBQ decorations! Get the kids involved with making them! They’ll have fun practicing their accordion fold!
Read on for instructions on how to make mini tissue paper flowers for

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.856413
Retrieved Text: paper lanterns store leave a reply cancel reply online shop cm ball honeycomb paper lanterns store window cm ball honeycomb paper lanterns store window ornaments birthday party lahua wedding wedding supplies decoration.
paper lanterns store 20cm ball honeycomb paper lanterns store window ornaments birthday party lahua wedding wedding supplies decoration cm round paper lanterns wedding birthday party decorations cm round paper lanterns wedding birthday party decorations supply lamp chinese paper ball ball ball ball chinese ball lamp online with piece on.
paper lanterns store generic moon store 25cm lanterns lamp shades romantic wedding party festival decoration paper blue single socket lamp cord single socket outdoor pendant light lamp single socket lamp cord single socket lamp cord kits from the paper lantern store are the.
paper lanterns store customer image purple silver lavender and black even ribbed paper lanterns http paper lanterns party city inrajahmundryinfo paper lanterns party city photo of paper lantern store redwood city ca united states view from.
paper lanterns store juslin 12 paper pom poms paper lanterns 1 triangular flag banner 1 happy birthday banner for wedding party decorations birthday party store dollar store crafter wwwcowiescraftandcookingcornerblogspotca turn halloween memes and dollar store dollar store crafter wwwcowiescraftandcookingcornerblogspotca turn dollar store paper lanterns.
paper lanterns store stunning paper lantern store pro football paper lanterns combo tailgating party pack turquoise white by paper stunning paper lantern store online shop cm ball honeycomb paper lanterns store window cm ball honeycomb paper lanterns store window ornaments birthday party lahua wedding wedding supplies decoration.
paper lanterns store hoi an vietnam march 13 traditional lanterns store

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.536123
Retrieved Text: Salient diy d paper flowers decoration by diy steem. Modern how to make paper flowers in construction hubpages how to make flowers out as wells as construction paper flowers ideas. Glomorous construction paper all about papercrafts with construction paper all about papercrafts crafts made out and crafts out. Terrific kids i was hoping toget tulips how to make paper flowers along with construction paper as wells as how to make paper flowers with construction paper and kids. Distinguished or way to do flower is to pinch toger petal then f upto give n glue pieces toger making sure petalsin each april showers bring paper flowers tinselbox. Stunning construction paper flowers ideas diy s craft how how to make construction paper flowers easy flowers ideas. Dainty kids some kids who finished early construction paper flowers with construction paper flowers as wells as kids floral delivery. Catchy construction paper flowers templates black with construction paper flowers templates floral delivery. Comfortable diy giant tissue paper flowers tutorial then make birthdayparty decorations step how to make diy giant tissue paper flowers hello.
Salient diy d paper flowers decoration by diy steem in construction paper flowers.
Modern how to make paper flowers in construction hubpages how to make flowers out as wells as construction paper flowers ideas in construction paper flowers.
Glomorous construction paper all about papercrafts with construction paper all about papercrafts crafts made out and crafts out in construction paper flowers.
Terrific kids i was hoping toget tulips how to make paper flowers along with construction paper as wells as how to make

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.448242
Retrieved Text: With the arrival of spring bloom not only the grounds but also the many festivals and ceremonies. I wonder how many of you right now are looking for an original idea for their children’s parties.
How about then to learn how to make tissue paper flowers for party favors or decorations DIY?
These floral decorations are perfect for any occasion: birthdays, baptisms, communions, confirmations… Delicate, elegant but at the same time easy to make and low cost.
You need to create paper flowers tissue paper.
Once you find the flower to realize you will need just a few simple materials: tissue paper of various colors, transparent thread and colorful if you hang them or use them as stationary package, scissors, a hole punch and double sided tape.
In case of wedding favors you’ll need to add according to your taste, too: plain paper for packing the packs, cardboard boxes, decorative adhesive tape.
You won’t believe it but these fantastic flowers are easy to create and can be a fun activity to do with kids.
Proceedings creating tissue paper flowers.
For all types of flowers, the starting point is always the same. For this take a look at our post on the decorations for the holidays. Depending on how they will be profiled ends and overlap the various sheets of tissue paper our flowers will take shape, each with their own specialties.
Why we propose is probably the easiest to make tissue paper flower ever. Here’s how to do it: Take a sheet of tissue paper and fold it several times until the flower size you

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.440529
Retrieved Text: Today we are going to see how to make tissue paper rose flowers . Well the topic sounds so cliche cz of the umpteen number of flower making tutorials with tissue papers in the blogosphere but still here is my attempt in making tissue paper rose flower.
Tissue paper rose flowers are the easiest handmade flowers and they are like the beginners craft project since it requires no additional inputs. Tissue paper rose flowers are an inseparable part of party decorations, wedding bouquets, living room vases and what not!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.131866
Retrieved Text: Find and save ideas about Paper christmas decorations on Pinterest. | See more ideas about DIY Christmas paper decorations, Diy snowflakes and Diy christmas snowflakes. 20 Hopelessly Adorable DIY Christmas Ornaments Made from Paper December 5, 2014 By Elisabeth Kruger 6 Comments The art of paper folding вЂ“ Origami вЂ“ is a fascinating part of Japanese tradition that has been traced back as far as 1680.
3D Paper Christmas Tree Free Templates and DIY craft Tutorial using party printables - ideal decor for parties and your home! Find and save ideas about Paper christmas decorations on Pinterest. | See more ideas about DIY Christmas paper decorations, Diy snowflakes and Diy christmas snowflakes.
How to Make Christmas Paper Star Decorations. Turn basic card stock into a stunningly affordable holiday star decoration with this easy DIY project. Pinterest; 40+ DIY Christmas Decorations That Are a Joy to Make. DIY Sweater Christmas Tree Decorations Wrap ribbon around foam floral cones for these cozy Christmas tree decorations. Line the frame backing with bright wrapping paper, then affix your decorations with double-sided adhesive pads.
SHOP SHADOW BOXES. 20 Hopelessly Adorable DIY Christmas Ornaments Made from Paper December 5, 2014 By Elisabeth Kruger 6 Comments The art of paper folding вЂ“ Origami вЂ“ is a fascinating part of Japanese tradition that has been traced back as far as 1680.
We've rounded up 52 festive DIY Christmas Ornament ideas. Mix them with traditional holiday decorations for an extra special look this holiday. 51 Hopelessly Adorable DIY Christmas Decorations. Pink is officially now a perfectly acceptable holiday home

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.88751
Retrieved Text: Tissue Paper Flowers are simple, quick, and inexpensive. They are also a fun craft idea for kids! They make great decorations and party décor. DIY Tissue paper flowers are a thoughtful handmade gift that are easy to customize, look beautiful, and are fun to make. This is also a great craft idea for... Step 1 Slit the top of the straw about 1" down, into 6 sections. Open them out as shown. Step 2 Stack 4-5 circles of tissue paper and poke the bottom of the straw through all the holes.
Tissue paper flowers are fun – but even more fun if you make them mini! Recently, I made a bud vase using recycled book pages, and I added a mini tissue paper flower to it for decoration. how to create app store developer account Instructions… Lay the sheets of tissue paper on top of eachother – red on the bottom, fuchsia pink in the middle, and light pink on the top.
Tissue paper flowers. Making paper flowers is a simple craft activity that will keep kids busy AND brighten up your home. These simple tissue paper flowers can be altered slightly to create all different kinds of pretty blooms.
Tissue Paper Flowers Tissue paper is a fabulous material for its wide range in colors and delicate weight, which is why it can be perfect for making paper flowers. Learn how to make tissue paper flowers including tissue tulips, tissue poppies and tissue paper pom poms.
Tissue paper flowers are fun – but even more fun if you make them

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.763865
Retrieved Text: in DIY Crafts, DIY Home + Garden, How do I reuse...?
Party planning can be as fun as the party itself, but those store-bought decorations are often far from eco-friendly. When you shop at the big box store for bunting, streamers, and table decorations, chances are you’re getting products made in a far off factory from questionable materials. No, thank you! Here are five ideas for upcycled, handmade party decorations that can keep your next shindig as eco-friendly without giving up any of the fun!
It may feel like an elementary school craft, but these upcycled paper chains are the perfect way to bust your stash of ephemera and create super sweet handmade party decorations at the same time! You can get creative and use all kinds of reclaimed paper, like wrapping paper, sheet music, book pages, and magazines. String these along walls or across doorways.
Click here for the tute!
Previous article How To: Make a Decorative Bird’s Nest for Spring!
I make my own streamers to by upcycling tissue paper. One party can overload you with the stuff but if you save it for your next party they’ll make great streamers. What you do is cut the tissue paper lenghthwise, I cut them 3 inches wide. Using some matching yarn and a wool needle I skewer the strips onto the yarn. You can make them tight or loose, crinkle the paper up or you can cut the strips with pinking shears or pattened scissors to add texture. They can be solid or you can alternate colors. Many possibilities and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.70585
Retrieved Text: Paper flower bridal set, Paper flower bouquet, Origami bouquet, Harry Potter, neutral coloured bouquet, mixed origami flowers, LacePearlAndPaper 5 out of 5 stars (48) AU$ 200.00 Favourite... Small tissue flowers make a pretty bouquet. Place a stack of tissue paper together and punch out with scallop punch. Each flower takes eight circles, and that is the thickness of tissue I made (8 sheets) to punch.
23/08/2018�� Wrap the paper around the flowers. Fold one side of the paper up and over the flowers so that it reaches the other side. You can then roll the bouquet so that all the paper is wrapped up, or you can fold the other side across the flowers.... How to make a vase of paper flowers. This craft activity is suitable for children aged over 18 months. Younger kids can do the gluing, whilst the older kids can help with the cutting.
How to make a vase of paper flowers. This craft activity is suitable for children aged over 18 months. Younger kids can do the gluing, whilst the older kids can help with the cutting.
Tissue Paper Flower Diy Paper Bouquet Diy Hanging Paper Flowers Paper Flowers For Kids Tissue Paper Decorations Tissue Paper Art Paper Poms Crafts With Tissue Paper Diy Easy Paper Flowers Forward FOR LIZ Paper Flowers Tutorial DIY Tutorial: DIY Origami / DIY Tissue paper flowers -- These could be cute for something.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.624159
Retrieved Text: tissue papers, glue stick (soft new one!), scrap paper, scissors, cardboard (thickness of cereal packets), needle and thread. How to make Honeycomb Pom-poms. 1. First, decide what size pom-pom you want to make and cut a circle from cardboard. Cut the circle in half. Take multiple sheets of tissue paper and layer them on top of each other, now fold these in half to make double the layers, …... That is the pom poms. You take about 5 sheets of tissue stacked and fold them accordion style about 3/4 of an inch wide. If you need more instruction on that check out my You take about 5 sheets of tissue stacked and fold them accordion style about 3/4 of an inch wide.
Step 1: Stack 10 sheets of tissue paper and cut into eight 7-1/2″ x 10” rectangle stacks. With a standard 20” x 30” tissue pack, you can get this size by flattening the pack and cutting it in half, crosswise, three times.... 15/03/2013 · Tissue pom poms are great decorations for parties or showers. All you need for this easy project is tissue paper, scissor, ruler, ribbon or fish ties and a pen or pencil.
"DIY Tissue Paper Pom Poms Backdrop An easy party or wedding backdrop made with tissue paper pom poms!" "DIY Tissue Paper Pom Poms Coral Meaghan knows how to make these. We can add them to the coral structures."

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.569023
Retrieved Text: Paper Lantern Jellyfish tutorial. Learn how to make DIY jellyfish party decorations for a birthday or under the sea ocean theme party.
Paper lantern jellyfish make the cutest decorations for an ocean themed birthday or shower. They add a fun under-the-sea element for mermaid and narwhal themed parties, too. With a few supplies from your local party store, you can make your own paper lantern jellyfish! This simple DIY tutorial will show you how.
If you saw the post recapping my daughter’s Narwhal Birthday Party a few weeks ago, then you saw a peek at how these paper lantern jellyfish turned out. When I was brainstorming ideas for her party, I thought it would be fun to incorporate other ocean themed decorations, and these jellyfish were such a cute idea. They were very easy to make (though it did take a while to cut all the streamers, but this is easily done while catching up on your favorite TV show), and because the supplies can all be found in the party section of almost any store, you can customize the colors and styles to your own party.
For the tentacles, I used tissue streamers, curling ribbon and iridescent cello tissue.
I cut some shorter streamers to glue around the outer edge to give my paper lantern jellyfish tentacles in a variety of lengths. For reference, my long streamers measure about 60” total, 30” folded. My short streamers measure about 40” total, 20” folded.
2.) Fold individual sheets of Iridescent Cello Tissue into squares, then trim off the corners so you have

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.479958
Retrieved Text: White tissue paper honeycomb hearts for LOVEly occasions, weddings or parties.
Impressive pure crisp decorations for weddings, christenings and special celebrations.
A mix of sizes from small (20cm) for tables to large(45cm) for room, venue and window displays.
Select some of each to create striking arrangements.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.251312
Retrieved Text: Valentine's Day is right around the corner, which means love letters, heart-shaped candy and everything in red and pink. I used to love making cards for my friends and decorating a shoebox for all the cards I'd receive at school. "Who would be my Valentine this year?" I'd wonder.
Of course, as I got older, I had anxiety over this very same holiday because I worried I wouldn't have a Valentine. It can be a very brutal holiday for pre-teens and teens, which is why I'm enjoying the fun times, while my children are young.
Making homemade Valentine's Day cards, chocolate-covered strawberries, heart-shaped pancakes and giving my kids lots of smooches from mom: that's how I like to spend this special day now. February 14 is a fun day in our home, but we also enjoy all of the decorating and crafts before the holiday. It gives us the opportunity to have fun as a family creating heart shaped window decorations together.
If you have little ones or you like to decorate your windows before a holiday, like I do, you'll appreciate these fun craft ideas. They're simple to make and pretty to display, regardless of what type of window you have to decorate. Bay window, sliding glass door window, or a kitchen window.
This craft is a fully hands-on, messy, get-the-kids-involved project. To make your very own wax stain glass heart, you'll need old crayons with the paper peeled off, wax paper, a vegetable peeler and an iron. Draw a large heart onto one piece of waxed paper (wax

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.216974
Retrieved Text: window christmas tree lot green little tree decor three dimensional tree for hotel shopping mall window decor small bay window christmas tree.
window christmas tree another amazing display dedicated to central park at the lord and store in please keep in mind that this is a miniature set and note white christmas tree window stickers.
window christmas tree wooden ornament mini gift tree decoration tree table desk window decoration creative gifts best hottest toys a small window christmas tree.
window christmas tree window tree decoration made out of and tissue paper window christmas tree cling.
window christmas tree decorated tree displays in window photographic print by small bay window christmas tree.
window christmas tree window decorations window christmas tree cling.
window christmas tree christmas tree shop window clings.
window christmas tree window tree download welcome home tree in window stock photo image of lights night window window christmas tree stickers.
window christmas tree seeing trees through the window window christmas tree decorations.
window christmas tree indie holiday displays trees in the windows window sill christmas tree.
window christmas tree to be jolly window garland small bay window christmas tree.
window christmas tree view through a window of a tree by via small window christmas tree.
window christmas tree when adding window decorations keep it simple for instance use suction cup candle holders to secure a set of battery operated candles in your flat window christmas tree.
window christmas tree christmas window decorations dollar tree.
window christmas tree light it up some iconic window tree coming up soon small window christmas tree.
window christmas tree in the windows small window sill christmas

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.158546
Retrieved Text: Paper Star Christmas Decoration Tutorial Diy How To Make A How to make a star christmas tree ornament step by homemade how to make christmas paper star decorations hgtv making christmas decorations easy stars baubleore diy christmas ornament book page or map paper star Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click …... What others are saying "swedish paper star diy with free printable template" "Christmas is coming and there are so several lovely DIY projects related with this jolly season we want to share with you.
Make a paper snowflake star christmas ornament hgtv how to make a star christmas tree ornament step by homemade diy christmas ornament book page or map paper star making christmas decorations easy stars baubleore. Trending Posts. audi q5 interior dimensions. Dodge Sprinter 2500 Interior Dimensions. Nissan Nv200 Interior Specs . Gmc Cargo Van Interior Dimensions. Ford E350 …... What others are saying "swedish paper star diy with free printable template" "Christmas is coming and there are so several lovely DIY projects related with this jolly season we want to share with you.
What others are saying "swedish paper star diy with free printable template" "Christmas is coming and there are so several lovely DIY projects related with this jolly season we want to share with you.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.146221
Retrieved Text: extra charge to you. Trim off that edge using a rotary cutter, or slip the scissors into the fold and cut to separate all the pieces of paper. These pretty watercolor flowers from. Ever since the wedding, this paper flower DIY has been my go-to for almost any party Im throwing. This post and the photos within it may contain affiliate links. Play with different color combinations. Have fun making your flowers! Sounds like a great project for a girls craft night which one do you like best? Adjust your pipe paper cleaners if necessary. You usually can&apos;t tell if it&apos;s been ripped. Ok, I couldnt stop at 20, so here are two more! Fold the paper, accordion style. Plus I gotta say I really like the idea of beautiful blooms that will stay pretty for months with no extra effort required. Tissue paper flowers make a gorgeous budget wedding centerpiece with a big impact! These tissue paper poppies from Lia Griffith get their pretty variegated color from bleach! Cute polka flowers from Lia Griffiths via. Paper Plate Flowers from, muslin and Merlot. Stacking them on top pf each other. This tutorial teaches how to make higher quality paper flowers out of the most basic products. Step 5: Arrange Your Flowers! I had the help of many of my family and friends, who came over and helped me fluff all the flowers. This is a great stopping point, if you want to prep all your tissue paper up to this point in advance. Im not so

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.142984
Retrieved Text: Download Diy Crafts How To Make Crepe Paper Flowers Very Easy Ana Diy Crafts Mp3 Music Song.
Download Diy Crafts How To Make Tissue Paper Flowers Easy Ana Diy Crafts Mp3 Music Song.
Download Diy Crafts How To Make Fabric Flowers Very Easy Tutorial Ana Diy Crafts Mp3 Music Song.
Download Diy Crafts How To Make Crepe Paper Flowers Very Easy Mp3 Music Song.
Download How To Make Pom Pom Flower With Crepe Paper In Just Mins Mp3 Music Song.
Download Diy Crafts Paper Flowers Very Easy Innova Crafts Mp3 Music Song.
Download Seven Ways To Make Crepe Paper Flowers Mp3 Music Song.
Download Diy Crafts How To Make Flowers With Balloons Ana Diy Crafts Mp3 Music Song.
Download Colorful Sweet Candy Box Very Easy Ana Diy Crafts Mp3 Music Song.
Download How To Make Tissue Paper Flowers Diy Room Decor Flower Decorations Tutorial Easy For Kids Making Mp3 Music Song.
Download Diy Crafts How To Make Paper Napkin Flowers Ana Diy Crafts Mp3 Music Song.
Download How To Make Elegant Crepe Paper Flower Balls Diy Crafts Tutorial Guidecentral Mp3 Music Song.
Download Diy Crafts Paper Flowers Daisies Innova Crafts Mp3 Music Song.
Download How To Diy Rose Flower With Crepe Paper Easy Craft Rose Flower Crepe Paper Home Diy Crafts Paper Mp3 Music Song.
Download How To Make Lily Paper Flower Very Easy Diy Paper Crafts Mp3 Music Song.
Download Diy Beautiful Crepe Paper Flowers Craft Flower Making Of Crepe Paper Home Diy Crafts Paper Mp3 Music Song.
Download How To Make Pom Pom Flower With Crepe Paper In Just 2mins Mp3 Music Song.
Download Diy Wall Hanging Paper Flower Craft Easy

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.112453
Retrieved Text: How can you make sure you're recycling everything that can be recycled? Here are some tips.
Wrapping Paper: Most Bay Area agencies will take wrapping paper. The stuff you have to watch out for is stuff with multiple layers and or metallic elements. This stuff is often not accepted by recycling mills. Recycle Now suggests the "Scrunch Test" to determine if the paper can be recycled. If it scrunches into a ball when you squeeze, it can probably be recycled. If it pops back to its original shape are you scrunch it, it probably can't be. But different agencies have different rules though, so check with your own agency to be sure.
Ribbons/Bows: Generally they cannot be recycled. Officials suggest that you reuse them when possible. If they can't be reused, then they need to go to the landfill. "It's a good idea to have a bag or a box somewhere in your house where you would store ribbon so you could re-use them," said Robert Reed, Spokesperson for Recology.
Christmas Lights: These are considered "Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment" and should NOT be put into landfill. Same goes for batteries for all those toys. They can be recycled at a household waste recycling center. Some agencies also collect them or provide special bins at other sites (grocery stores). Check with your provider to see what's available. In San Francisco, Recology asks that residents wait to put their trees out for pickup until the first week in January on their regularly scheduled pickup day.
Christmas Trees: Real trees can be

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.811985
Retrieved Text: Our Ivory Tissue Paper Sheets are a perfect way to brighten gifts and packages. These ivory tissue paper sheets can be used to make flowers, centerpieces, and many other crafts and decorations. Our ivory tissue paper is also perfect for covering piñatas.

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Neatly wrap up an extension cord.

Choice 1: Wrap the cord around your hand and elbow.

Choice 2: Wrap the cord around your hand and knee.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.133183
Retrieved Text: Published 04/18/2019 03:22:43 pm at 04/18/2019 03:22:43 pm in How To Wind Up An Extension Cord.
how to wind up an extension cord wrap extension cord finished product series of knots how to wind up an extension cord on a reel catch.
how to wind up an extension cord on a reel mower,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel craic line,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel future,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel shaw,how to wind up an extension cord in a bucket,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel addiction,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel tape,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel of film,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel boombox,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel y,how to wind up an extension cord.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.900366
Retrieved Text: Tired of having your oscilloscope power cord hanging loose because the cord wrap feet have disintegrated over the years? These replacement cord wrap feet for Tektronix 314 and 335 series oscilloscopes look just like the original feet that came with your scope and have the same fit and function – down to the last detail. They’re made of tough, durable nylon, which provides both strength and (some) flexibility. A complete set of four feet is just what you need to keep your cord wrapped neatly and restore the look of your old reliable oscilloscope.
I include new steel screws and washers to go with the new feet. It’s likely that the screws attaching your existing feet have probably gotten banged up over the years.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.418133
Retrieved Text: No more winding—gently tap the pedal to activate the 27' Cord Rewind and retract the cord to store neatly inside.
Convenient Carry Handle on top of the dirt cup makes it easy to carry this lightweight vacuum up or down stairs.
On-Board Tools include an Air-Powered Hand Tool, 12" Extension Wand, Crevice Tool and Upholstery/Dusting Brush.
We positioned the Power On/Off Button where it should be — right at your fingertips.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.835026
Retrieved Text: Are unsightly, tangled cables and cords driving you mad? Cable Capture® Stacker Cord Organizer is the answer for you!
It's easy to use. Simply lift the hood of one Cable Capture® component, wrap the excess cable or cord around the center shaft, and snap the hood into place to secure the cable or cord. Excess cord lengths are neatly contained and kept safely out of the way. Each Cable Capture® holds up to 8 ft. of standard cord!
To connect Cable Captures® so they stack together, simply insert and twist a quarter turn. The base and handle (included) make it easy to store where you need it, and move it for cleaning when needed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.59075
Retrieved Text: Coil reduces the domestic table lamp to the absolute minimum of defining elements. A single electrical cord coils around what appears to be an empty volume, defining the iconic form of a table lamp and ultimately powering a single light bulb.
The entire lamp is created exclusively from a 100 foot extension cord that has been wrapped around a laser-cut clear acrylic form. This simple transformation elevates the status of the humble extension cord to the realm of domestic design.
Coil Lamp is in the permanent collection of the Art Institute of Chicago.
Coil Lamp DIY Kits allow the buyer to participate in the design process by having them wrap their own extension cord to complete the form. The kit includes the laser-cut acrylic frames, bulb adaptor, and illustrated assembly instructions. Buyers will need to purchase one US-style 16 gauge 100-foot extension cord as well as one CFL lightbulb. No electrical modification of the cord required.
Made in Chicago. More info.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.27116
Retrieved Text: make extension cord simple invention will make sure you never trip over extension cords again extension cord with switch menards extension cord reel harbor freight.
saran wrap luggage baggage services saran wrap luggage philippines plastic wrap for luggage philippines.
weld mask miller i wear glasses and you cant have them inside this mask miller has included a blank frame however that you can take to the optometrist and have fitted miller welding helmet battery num.
denim wall wall pocket denim blue indigo denim wall paint denim wallpaper.
storm cat 700 watt generator generator peak watts 2 hp gas 2 stroke engine w pr.
purple and grey wall decor dark purple and grey walls mauve bedroom walls purple and grey wall decor grey and dark purple gray wall decor purple and gray bathroom wall decor.
rubbermaid reveal power scrubber and grout brush head reveal power scrubber.
auger stuck in toilet toilet plunger at work c closet auger stuck in toilet auger stuck toilet.
camerons wood chips using camerons smoker wood chips cameron alder wood chips.
polka dot wall decor gold polka dots wall sticker baby nursery stickers kids golden polka dots children wall decals home decor vinyl wall art designer wall stickers digger polka dot room decor polka d.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.043825
Retrieved Text: If you have researched cable ties online, you probably have not found any better than the ones designed by UT Wire. We know that the best solutions aren’t always complicated, and we’ve come up with a line of cable organizing products that you cannot live without. When the mass of cables behind your entertainment center or the tangle of cords in your office threaten to run wild, our bundling, concealing, mounting and storing products will rein them in. We have even designed cable and cord clips for your automobile and on the go.
Compare cable ties online and you are sure to agree that none are as easy to use as UT Wire’s. Each works in a different way, but they are all intuitive and user friendly. Flex and twist our flexi ties into place to neatly bundle a bunch of cords. Press cords and cables into the channels on our cord protector and concealer. Or wrap an expandable flexi wrap around a cluster of cords to keep them organized, tidy, and out of the way. Whatever your cord organizing needs, UT Wire has the simple solutions for cable, cord and wire management.
When you are looking for cable ties online, be sure to include UT Wire in your search. You will find our products at many fine online retailers you already shop with, but our products are so popular that you may find UT Wire cable ties at local retail stores, too. Once you start putting your cords and cables in order with wraps, protectors and concealers

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.782307
Retrieved Text: cord wall mount related post extension cord for wall mount tv.
cord wall mount cord wall cover excellent ideas how to hide wires over brick fireplace creative ways tv cords mount h pendant cord wall mount.
cord wall mount installing a wall mount flat screen tv hiding cords prettyhandygirl extension cord reel wall mount.
cord wall mount flat screen tv cord cover painted cord management wall mounted tv.
cord wall mount tv cord wall cover cable management kit wall mount cord concealer cover wrap hide wire organizer with wire wall cover tv wall bracket hide wires cord hider wall mount tvs falling.
cord wall mount cable wire wall covers wall mount hide wires wall mount tv cable hider for wall mount elitecoachinginfo hide wires wall mount tv cable hider for wall mount.
cord wall mount how to hide the cords on a wall mounted tv pendant cord wall mount.
cord wall mount wall hugger extension cords in wall extension cord wall extension cord surge protector wall mount extension cord holder bungee cord wallmount.
cord wall mount wall light with cord wall mount plug in light fixture wild sconces lamps cord home ideas cord management for wall mounted tv.
cord wall mount cover tv cables cable wall cover wire organizer cables management system flat screen mounted ways to hide wall mounted tv cables ideas to cover tv cables cord hider wall mount tvs.
cord wall mount extension cord wall outlet an indispensable tool requiring serious safety consideration extension cord that looks like extension cord wall cord wall mount.
cord wall mount from there lift the tv up and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.622799
Retrieved Text: 6/12/2011 · If you buy a new computer, especially an expensive powerhouse PC built for gaming or heavy-duty editing, one thing you notice is how neatly the …... Wipe down the cord again with a sponge dampened with fresh water to remove any soap or baking soda residue. Let the cord fully dry before plugging it back in. Let the cord fully dry before plugging it back in.
I wanted the cord to go through the corner of the basket, so I just clipped off on of the metal rods in the corner closest to the plug and fed the plug through. Plug all … how to use aha bha together Step 1: Using diagonal cutters, remove the plug and the appliance from either end of the power cord. For an extension cord, be sure to remove the plugs from both ends. For an extension cord, be sure to remove the plugs from both ends.
Use a safety pin, scratch awl, or similar Skinny Pointy Device to reach in to the remaining part of the clip that locks the plug into the jack, and push it down towards the plug body while you pull the plug out.
This is an important step! It may seem overly cautious to remove the power cable in addition to powering off the computer normally, but some parts of a computer remain powered on even when the computer seems to be off.
Remove the screws on the rear of the computer. Slide both side panels off from the rear of the computer. On some cases,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.181871
Retrieved Text: It’s handy to stash your trusty earbuds in your purse, but the wires inevitably end up jumbled. To the rescue: a wine cork! Simply poke a hole in one end of the cork with a small nail, then use a sharp knife to cut a narrow sliver out of the other end. Insert the earbud plug into the hole, wrap the wires around the middle of the cork and slide the ends through the sliver. The cork will keep the cord neatly in place, and it’s small enough to slip easily into your pocket or purse.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.956686
Retrieved Text: This impressive slim-line Dragon 4 radiator from De’Longhi is perfect for large rooms or spaces up to 75 m³. It has a powerful 2500 Watt output and 3 heat settings, making it easy for you to find the ideal temperature and stay toasty warm. It boasts an increased radiant surface that delivers better and more evenly spread heat distribution - faster!
Plus, with anti-frost protection and overheat safety protection you are assured that you won’t be left in the cold either. Its slim design, front and back carry handle and pre-assembled soft rubberised wheels ensures practicability, manoeuvrability and easy storage in the warmer months. There’s also a neatly designed wrap around cord storage! This model also has a 10 year manufacturer warranty for added peace of mind.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.941633
Retrieved Text: Keep cords under control with CableSnap.
CableSnaps are dapper leather wraps that keep your cables neatly coiled and tangle free. Sold in packs of three, each set includes one large and two small cable managers. Without cable wings on the new MacBook power adapters, your 2-metre USB-C charging cable can get unruly fast. Use the large CableSnap to keep it neat and tidy when you're on the go. The small snaps are great for things like your Lightning Cable and EarPods/earbuds.
Designed to stay put, a strong metal snap keeps each CableSnap securely closed, while the incorporated cable loop keeps your wraps attached to cords when they are uncurled and in use.
Three wraps and two sizes to tame cables.
Knowing you probably have an iPhone and a MacBook and maybe an iPad, CableSnaps are sold in sets of three. You get one large for your heavier cords, like the one that comes with your MacBook. The two smaller wraps are great for keeping your phone charging cable, EarPods or 1-metre Apple Watch charging cable from tangling and unraveling in your bag.
CableSnap stays connected to your cables.
Cable managers aren’t much help when they’re lost. You’ll be happy to know CableSnaps incorporate a cord loop so they stay attached to your cables and are ready when you need them. Simply slip one end of your cord through the CableSnap loop and when you unplug and pack up, your leather wrap will be where you left it.
If your computer gear leans toward the luxury side, why settle for a simple twist tie

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.87388
Retrieved Text: Pain free, easy to use and effective, Strialite can be applied on the abdomen, hips, thighs, and anywhere stretch marks have developed. Strialite offers the most current, technologically advanced treatment for stretch marks. Simply apply the Strialite device to the desired area for 20 uninterrupted minutes, two times a week. Results can be expected within just 2-6 weeks of use. It’s that easy. Results will vary and may take more or fewer numbers of treatments to achieve adequate improvement from one person to another.
“Wow! This really worked on my stretch marks.
1. Plug the Strialite power supply into an AC outlet that is conveniently located for your use. You may also use an extension cord to extend the distance if needed. Be sure the outlet or extension cord can be accessed easily for disconnecting the power supply. Unwind only as much cord as is needed, keeping the remaining cord gathered and secured with the cord wrap to prevent tripping and accidental strangulation.
2. Choose your treatment area.
3. Gently clean the entire area to be treated to remove any lotions or other skin care products, using soap and water, then dry thoroughly. Be sure the area is completely dry before starting the treatment.
5. Holding your Strialite by its handle, apply the base directly to the treatment area. The entire panel should be in contact with the area to be treated. You should feel a gentle warmth that penetrates deep into your skin tissue during treatment; the heat should not be uncomfortable.
6. Treat the desired area for 20 minutes. Keep

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.743818
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 09:54:15 pm at 04/25/2019 09:54:15 pm in How To Wind Up An Extension Cord.
how to wind up an extension cord if you have an extension cord thats 50 feet or longer i recommend doubling up your cord instead of pulling two strands through your loops how to wind up an extension cord.
how to wind up an extension cord on a reel catch,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel of film,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel mower,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel shaw,how to wind up an extension cord,how to wind up an extension cord in a bucket,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel y,how to wind up an extension cord on youtube,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel boombox,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel future.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.615631
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 04:44:37 am at 04/20/2019 04:44:37 am in How To Wind Up An Extension Cord.
how to wind up an extension cord alert stamping 9100ht heavy duty multi outlet wind up reel with 4 outlet how to wind up an extension cord on youtube.
how to wind up an extension cord on a reel boombox,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel tape,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel mower,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel shaw,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel of film,how to wind up an extension cord,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel craic line,how to wind up an extension cord on youtube,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel future,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel addiction,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.614788
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 02:32:25 am at 04/26/2019 02:32:25 am in How To Wind Up An Extension Cord.
how to wind up an extension cord ugreen ethernet extension cable network cat6 extension patch cable rj45 cords shielded male to female connector how to wind up an extension cord on a reel of film.
how to wind up an extension cord on a reel tape,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel craic line,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel boombox,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel addiction,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel of film,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel mower,how to wind up an extension cord,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel shaw,how to wind up an extension cord on youtube,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel catch,how to wind up an extension cord on a reel y.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.533512
Retrieved Text: This is a 3 foot standard power extension cable. This power cable features the NEMA 5/15P (standard three prong power plug) to a NEMA 5/15R (female) power cord. Use this cord to extend an existing outlet or cable. The jacket is durable and long lasting but flexible enough to wrap in tight spaces. The 18AWG pure copper conductor transfers maximum power. This cable operates on 125 volts and 10 Amps power. Operating temperature is 75C/167F.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.474207
Retrieved Text: electric cord adapters 4 dryer power cord adapter stove plug adapter electric oven adapters dryer power cord adapter dryer power cord adapter electrical dryer cord wire dryer power adapter dryer power cord adapter prong dryer extension.
electric cord adapters extension cord dryer male 3 prong plug to female pin electric clothes adapter extens power grip adapter a male to a female camco power grip adapter a male to a female.
electric cord adapters cord adapters electric dryer power cord dryer power cord adapter power cord adapters dryer cord adapter outlet adapters converters extension cords surge protectors generator adapter.
electric cord adapters power adapter extension cable cord adapters bankforeclosuresalesinfo cord adapters electric dryer power cord dryer power cord adapter power cord adapters dryer cord adapter.
electric cord adapters ac connectors electric cord adapters cash on delivery club factory audio converter cable earphone adapter connector cables cord.
electric cord adapters extension cord for dryers dryer extension cord welder adapter 4 prong dryer dryer extension cord extension cord iec extension cords cable adapter multiple sockets iec extension cord adapter outlet.
electric cord adapters superior electric rva1507l rv adapters 15 amp male to 30 amp twist lock 12 10awg3 cord l r to p adapter heavy duty power adapter a awg in pifrontljpg.
electric cord adapters direct 4 prong to 3 prong adapter cord full kva 230v rv electrical power cord adapter you definitely dont want to set off on a road trip in your rv without making sure that you have a secure source of electricity as well as adapters and.
electric cord adapters evse adapter to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.283882
Retrieved Text: Easily go from cleaning carpets to hard floors with the flip of a switch.
Never wrap a cord again with the 16-foot power cord with Automatic Cord Rewind for even more convenient cleaning.
Weighs 10.23 pounds and is easy to maneuver with the integrated carrying handle.
Helps filter dust and particles.
Attach the extension wand or combination crevice tool/dusting brush to capture dirt and dust from your above-floor surfaces.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.268461
Retrieved Text: Frayed or damaged electrical cords. Should you DIY?
Frayed electrical cords. Worth replacing?
If you have a much loved appliance, but the electrical cord at the end is getting damaged or frayed it can be tricky to work out what to do.
The first rule of thumb is DON’T DIY. The temptation is to simply grab a new plug or attempt to fix it yourself. The problem is that is super easy to reverse the polarity of the cord – which makes the appliance deadly. It is just not worth it!
And don’t just wrap it in PVC tape. This is not safe or effective in the long term.
If the wiring is exposed, if the insulating material around the wire has worn away or if the protective sheath has come away from the plug, then immediately unplug the appliance. Put a big label on it “Faulty – Don’t use!” Either throw away the appliance, or if it is of high value (or sentimental value) then get a qualified electrician to replace the plug or wiring for you.
And if the cord is an just an extension cord, the cheapest option is to buy a new extension cord at your local hardware store, and throw out the damaged one.
Frayed cords are one of the commonest causes of electrical injuries, so please take them seriously.
Need help with your electrical cords? Call us!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.744696
Retrieved Text: With this convenient 2-in-1 tool, you get a powerful 4 peak HP wet/dry vac that converts to a 190 MPH leaf blower with an effortless press of a button. No more hassling with cumbersome latches and locks. The vac has a rugged 8 gallon polypropylene tank, on-board accessory storage, an extra large drain for quick disposal and a 7' x 1-1/4" secure fit hose. It also features a 10' cord with cord wrap and a large dust sealed switch. It includes a cartridge filter, 2 extension wands, 2-1/2" blower wand, blower nozzle, blower adaptor, floor brush/squeegee and a crevice tool.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.647339
Retrieved Text: Home » Crafts, Sewing, & Home Decor » Gift Ideas » Make a Leather Travel Cord Roll…A Great Gift for Him!
Hello! It’s Crystal here, from Stitched by Crystal. Have you finished up your holiday shopping yet? If you are still searching for the perfect gifts, I have a quick easy project that might be perfect for the tech lover in your life…this leather travel cord wrap!
Sometimes men can be really hard to shop for, but I find they are even harder to sew for.
Just finding masculine fabrics can be hard enough, and that’s before you even get started with the project! This leather travel cord wrap uses a small piece of leather and would make a great gift or stocking stuffer for anyone who loves technology or who travels a lot.
The leather travel cord wrap holds 2-3 plugs and 4 cords, and it wraps up tightly keeping everything secure and untangled in you suitcase or carry on.
The sewing is REALLY simple (seriously! Just two small straight lines!) And it is a project you could have done in under 30 minutes. You’ll have plenty of time to whip one up before Christmas!
Want to make a leather travel cord wrap? Great! Let me show you how….
Make sure you use a leather needle in your sewing machine.
You may want to do a little practice stitching on some scraps first, once you sew on leather, your needle will leave lots of little holes so you can’t really seam rip mistakes and try again!
You can’t use pins on leather as they

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.433708
Retrieved Text: The trouble started when Pat (John’s sister-in-law) was out on vacation. What seemed like a little spark at first as per the neighbor, ignited to full swing and burned half of the house. The good thing was, Pat was not at home. Neighbors saw the fire and it was all sorted out. But what if neighbors didn’t notice the fire? How bad could that fire be?
The moral of the story is, to keep your circuit breakers working testing and tagging if you really want to be in a safe home. Nothing happens at once; everything is ignorance of someone. What you need to do is to keep testing and rectify if anything goes wrong. Here are some tips that can help you save some time.
Seriously. Not joking. A breaker trips immediately which in short means you need to pay attention to whatever is coming. This is your first warning sign that you need to take off some load over the devices in your home. Turn off the unnecessary devices that are not operating at the moment. This will put on some load off your overall circuit.
Firefighters recommend that if you have any doubt about a fire, it is best to run out of your house. Yes, in films they can jump over running fire, but in reality, you’ll burn. No need to be the hero and fight the fire. Take the necessary precautions and move out from the house right when you get the chance.
This will be an obvious one but, to tell the truth, many

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.05138
Retrieved Text: How To Replace A Light Fixture (Outdoor) Tutorial -, Tool Belt - This mild wished the finial and optional arm established. Take a look at and notice if your fixture comes with any special mounting hardware.? a whole lot of furnishings use usual mounting bars, so every now and then you may use what your preceding fixture used.? this fixture has its own hardware with a particular bolt spacing to mount it.
Because mounting a fan too close to the ceiling restricts air stream, an extension rod of any duration is typically recommended. If you use an extension rod to suspend the fan, briefly tape the ends of the fan motor wiring together and pull the wiring through the rod. Connect the rod to the fan motor, and relaxed the ball mount on the top stop of the rod.
Disconnect the fixture wires and dispose of the primary mounting nut and any screws that keep the old fixture in area. With the fixture out of the way, try and determine whether the electrical container is securely fastened to a ceiling joist or support bracket. Fans can weigh up to 50 kilos and require a strong mount. In case your ceiling box is enclosed by using drywall or different cloth, you could need to get admission to the joists from above, along with thru the attic, to investigate it and fasten a aid brace if wished. Alternative installation strategies are defined under.
One color at a time, twist the fixture cord to the corresponding color outlet cord and replace the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.973866
Retrieved Text: trip you up in the backshop and at installations.
Of all the equipment in the fabrication shop and installation jobsites, there’s nothing as generic as the plain, orange-colored three-pronged extension cord. Surely there’s nothing special about them, right?
Don’t let an inspector hear – workplace safety or otherwise – hear you say that.
Extension-cord use is regulated by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), the National Fire Protection Association (NFPA), and fire marshals of every stripe and level. In OSHA inspections, it may not be a major violation, but electrical-cord misuse is one of the most-common.
Used correctly, extension cords are convenient step savers. They’re harmless looking – there are no moving parts, no flames and no noise. Yet they can be extremely dangerous if misused; proper extension cord use or maintenance could overload a circuit, creating a fire hazard.
Extension cords are for temporary use only. Permanent wiring must be installed when extension cord use is no longer temporary.
Employee #1 was working at a commercial construction project. He was using a rebar cutter connected via flexible extension cords to a spider box without Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter (GFCI) protection (used on construction sites with only temporary power).
Employee #1 was performing his regular job duties when he received an electric shock. The foreman called 911.
Emergency Services responded and took employee #1 to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
Subsequent investigation found that the flexible cords attached to the spider box were frayed.
The employer did not ensure that (electrical) conductors and/or equipment was located away from damp or wet areas.
The employer

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.90566
Retrieved Text: Wind several bobbins in the same color as your top thread.
Thread the machine and set for a wide zigzag stitch. Stitch length 2-3.
Unroll the jelly rolls and divide the colors by hue.
Create four stacks Lightest, med-light, med-dark and darkest.
Cut each jelly roll strip in half lengthwise before using so each strip is 1 ¼” wide.
Note: This project is also a good way to use up scraps. You will need approximately 4 yards of fabric or 80+ strips of 1 ¼” wide fabric.
Start by wrapping the end of the clothes line with a piece from the darkest stack.
Use the wonder clips to hold the fabric to the cording until it is sewn in place.
Measure down the wrapped cord 2 ½” and fold it over.
Note: Making the folded first cord row longer makes the rug shape more of an oval than a circle.
Zigzag over the cord connecting the two pieces of cord. Stitch over the end of the cord several times to secure it in place.
Start to turn the wrapped cord into a circle stitching it to the previous row of cord.
Continue wrapping the cord until you get to the end of the first dark strip. When you reach then end of the strip overlap a strip from the lightest hue.
Using a double cording foot is helpful as the foot has a channel for each side of the cord to feed through.
Align the cord to the next row keeping it as flat as possible. Do not pull the rows tight as this will make the rug start to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.689178
Retrieved Text: extension cord plug protector 5 outlet surge protector us plug multi extension cord power strip extension cable into surge protector extension cord plug protector home depot.
extension cord plug protector extension cord in surge protector angel guardr cord connecttm extension cord plug protector.
extension cord plug protector new smart desktop power strip ac socket switch surge protector 4 outlets with plug flat plug extension cord surge protector extension cord plug protector home depot.
extension cord plug protector power first to weather resistant extension cord plug protector yellow electrical supplies build work should you plug an extension cord into a surge protector extension ca.
extension cord plug protector power extension degree 4 way outlets with 2 ports surge protector with plug adapter and cord for tablets extension cable into surge protector angel guardr cord connecttm.
extension cord plug protector 6 gang extension socket ac extension cord cable cord with with child protector switch extension cord plug surge protector safe to plug extension cord into surge protector.
extension cord plug protector extension cord plug protector best extension cords with surge protectors 9 extension cord plug protector angel guardr cord connecttm extension cord plug protector extensi.
extension cord plug protector 3 outlet extension cord china 3 outlet extension cord 3 us male plug to three 3 outlet extension cord extension cord plug into surge protector if you plug an extension co.
extension cord plug protector surge protectors extension cords power strip on surge protector outlet mountable surge protector with 3 and if you plug an extension cord into a surge protector extension.
extension cord plug protector cord ends

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.648767
Retrieved Text: make extension cord temporary extension cord extension cord lowest price travel extension cord with usb.
make extension cord albums extension cord home depot extension cord with usb singapore.
make extension cord extension cord lowesca extension cord reel home depot.
make extension cord extension cord you want to protect your tools and property you also want to make sure your tools run they way they should at peak performance extension cord reel home depot extensi.
make extension cord make sure that you take the cover and slide it all the way along the wire before you start wiring otherwise find yourself wasting time taking it extension cord with switch ikea ext.
make extension cord cut the extension cord to the desired length extension cord price 220v extension cord lowes.
make extension cord extension cord how to make a extension cord page 4 extension cord extension cord retractable extension cord lowes extension cord holder canada.
make extension cord extension cord tips on plugging in extension cord cover rv extension cord walmart.
make extension cord extension cord with switch rv extension cord walmart.
make extension cord how to make a retractable cord reel power extension cord retractable cable reel for vacuum cleaner extension cord reel bunnings extension cord walmartca.
make extension cord living solutions 9 foot indoor outdoor extension cord with 3 outlets plugs green extension cord price extension cord home depot canada.
make extension cord electrical installation maintenance extension cord reel 100 ft extension cord with switch amazon.
make extension cord cable dyeing extension cord with switch home depot power extension cord with usb.
make extension cord cheap extension cords extension

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.579205
Retrieved Text: floor cord cover floor and wall cord covers for home floor cord covers lowes.
floor cord cover office cable protector with floor cord cover floor cord cover brown.
floor cord cover floor floor cord covers canada.
floor cord cover assorted colors floor cord covers walmart.
floor cord cover d line floor cord covers cc 1 light duty cover cable protector cords floor cord cover brown.
floor cord cover wire cover floor wall wire cover floors floor cord cover wire hider wall cord covers wall wire cover floor power cord floor covers home depot.
floor cord cover floor cord concealer cord cover floor cord protector floor tips plastic cord covers cable protector floor cord cover floor cord cover floor cord concealer floor cord protector staples.
floor cord cover cord covers for carpet floor cord cover carpet cable cover best floor cord cover ideas on outlets cords cable carpet floor cord cover walmart.
floor cord cover cop 3 3 cord floor cable cover for diameter cables 1 floor cord covers canada.
floor cord cover cord cover floor cord protector floor outdoor cord cover outdoor extension cord cover home depot cable protection floor exquisite cord protector floor overfloor cord protector brown.
floor cord cover carpet cable cover cord protector floor rubber floor cord cover 1 channel cable covers wire cord concealer floor carpet cord protector carpet cable cover floor cord covers canada.
floor cord cover cable bridges floor cord cover lowes.
floor cord cover floor cord protector brown.
floor cord cover wire cover for floor cord floor cover floor wire cover carpet tape cord covers intended for floor cord cover menards.
floor cord

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.366594
Retrieved Text: 100 feet extension cord us wire 60100 163 x 100 indooroutdoor extension cord rent 12 gauge 100 foot extension cord.
100 feet extension cord 100 foot 123 sjtw contractor grade extension cord lowes 100 foot extension cord.
100 feet extension cord 100 feet extension cord master electrician foot 3 orange heavy duty woods 100 foot extension cord.
100 feet extension cord 100 foot lighted outdoor extension cord with 3 electrical power outlets 123 sjtw 100 foot extension cord lowes careers.
100 feet extension cord 100extensionc4cb7b2926eb45jpg 100extensionc4cb7b2926eb45jpg 100 foot retractable extension cord reel.
100 feet extension cord outdoor extension cord 100 feet generator extension cord etl listed a v pin generator extension cord etl listed a v.
100 feet extension cord s900107 163 vinyl outdoor extension cord 100 feet orange 100 foot extension cord lowes careers.
100 feet extension cord us wire 74100 123 100 feet sjtw yellow heavy duty lighted extension 100 foot extension cord lowes.
100 feet extension cord southwire 10 amp 100 ft long extension cord 163 wire gauge 100 foot extension cord lowes home.
100 feet extension cord 100 foot extension cord lowes.
100 feet extension cord prostar 100 foot 10 gauge sjtw 3 conductor triple tap extension cord with lighted ends orange woods 100 foot extension cord.
100 feet extension cord southwire 02589sw outdoor extension cord 123 american made sjtw heavy duty 3 prong 100 foot extension cord lowes.
100 feet extension cord southwire coleman cable 02549 88 22 100 foot 123 yellow extension cord 100 foot extension cord at walmart.
100 feet extension cord prime wire cable kc506735 100 foot 143 sjtw kaleidoscope heavy

================



======= Instance Index 10 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Extend life of flowers in vase.

Choice 1: Add small amount of coffee in vase.

Choice 2: Add small amount of 7UP in vase.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.157413
Retrieved Text: Buy flowers that have been kept under refrigeration. If they’ve been sitting out on the sidewalk or in buckets in the produce department, they’ve lost vase life. That doesn’t mean they have to be behind glass: some retailers have special air conditioners that keep the air right around the flowers cool.
Re-hydrate roses and other sturdy flowers by plunging the entire flower and stem under cold water.
Before you put flowers in a vase, make sure the vase is clean and fill it with water. Use sharp scissors or a knife to strip off leaves that will be underwater, then re-cut the stems and place immediately in water.
Commercial flower food really will extend the vase life of flowers.
Keep the flowers in a cool spot out of direct sunlight and away from heater or air conditioning vents, which can dry flowers and cause them to wilt. In dry climates, spritzing the flowers with water may extend their life.
In summer months, consider tropical flowers that naturally grow in warmer climates and last longer at higher temperatures. Examples include orchid, bird of paradise, protea, heliconia, or anthurium.
Change the water, especially if it gets cloudy, and re-cut the stems every few days.
In mixed bouquets, remove flowers when they start to wilt; they may give off ethylene, which could cause other flowers to wilt early, too.
Tulips continue to grow in the vase, and it is natural for the stems to bend and curve.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.440304
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 03:45:01 am at 04/25/2019 03:45:01 am in Individual Flower Water Tubes.
individual flower water tubes how to keep cut hydrangeas from wilting the simple florists trick that can prevent and fashion beauty editors edge mswjpg.
colour your own flowers experiments naked scientists multicolouredflowerjpg, unique flower vase designs for any space in pictures chalkboard vase chalkboard vase , how to build a floralfruitveggie topiary slowflowers journal details details details , extend floral life with flower water vials flower water phials, flowers and ribbons of ice american scientist vital ice most ice flowers emerge from stems that are dried and dead but early in the cold months conditions may favor ice flowers forming on living , flower photography tips for beginners techradar null, flowers az o is for orchid designsponge today we will be clipping individual blooms of a single orchid stem and using water tubes or water piks to keep them fresh and easy to plunk into an , fashion beauty editors edge mswjpg, flowers and floral arrangements whole foods market fresh flowers, amazoncom chive hudson rectangular unique glass flower vase chive hudson quot rectangular unique glass flower vase elegant low laying clear glass, best floral art artistry images on pinterest christmas deco masses of short stemmed white flowers callas dendrobium lisianthus hydrangea allium water tubewhite .

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.745611
Retrieved Text: Yeah. Those puppies are an investment. That’s why we did some digging and came up with a few ways to ensure your beautiful blooms enjoy a nice, long life. You probably already know to trim the stems (on an angle!) and use the flower food that comes wrapped up with most grocery store bouquets, but there are a host of other things you can do to make your beautiful spring blooms last longer than a few sad days.
Read on for a few pro tricks.
Submerged in water, those leaves will promote bacterial growth — and that’s not great for your blooms. Growth and rot in the water will cause your cut flowers to wilt, droop, and turn brown faster than your bank processes the charge for those pricey peonies, so be sure to prune off any leaves that are below the water line in your vase.
This one’s a no-brainer: Fresh water = less bacterial growth. Less bacteria = longer life for your flowers.
You know how one or two stems always wilt faster than the rest of the blooms in your bunch? Pull them out of your vase and get rid of them — stat. This won’t necessarily extend the life of the other flowers (though it may reduce bacterial growth in the water) but it will extend the length of time you can display your bouquet, since the dead blooms won’t be there to kill the overall look of your arrangement. Change to a smaller vase (or even a Mason jar, because we all have them) if

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.395832
Retrieved Text: Learn two easy tricks to help you make your cut flowers last longer! Also, learn how to make your own "flower food" using products you already have at home. Also, learn how to make your own "flower food" using products you already have at home.... Learn two easy tricks to help you make your cut flowers last longer! Also, learn how to make your own "flower food" using products you already have at home. Also, learn how to make your own "flower food" using products you already have at home.
Cut flowers will eventually spoil but with care, you can extend their life in your vase to enjoy them longer. Whether you’ve bought a bunch yourself or have had the thrill of a generous bouquet delivered to your door, looking after your cut flowers will have them blooming in your home for days, even weeks.
Now you’ve done what good florists do to make their flowers look great and last long. If you want flowers to last even longer, recut them and refill the vase with fresh water every day. If you want flowers to last even longer, recut them and refill the vase with fresh water every day.
Cut Off Dried/Rotten Flowers or Leaves As soon as you see a rotten or wilted flower, just remove it immediately from the vase as it can spread it to other flowers as well. Use these tips to make your birthday or anniversary flowers bloom vibrantly and stay fresh for longer!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.197948
Retrieved Text: Keep the vase filled (or floral foam soaked) with water containing a flower food provided by your florist. Flower foods balance ph, provide sugars, and limit bacterial growth. It is important to follow the mixing directions on the packet. Most packets are to be mixed with 1/2 a litre of water. Do not dilute with more water than is specified on the packet.
Removing pollen from Lillie's before they start to open will help to extend the life of the flower.
If you purchase loose flowers for your own arrangements you should also consider these tips: When selecting flowers, look for flowers with upright, firm petals and buds beginning to open. Yellow, spotted or drooping leaves are signs of age. When using woody stems and branches (such as wax flower or forsythia), cut the stem with sharp pruning shears. Place them in warm water containing fresh flower food to promote flower opening.
Always avoid home recipes, such as adding bleach to the water. They are inaffective for prolonging the life of your flowers and may even cause damage.
Extending the life of your flowers.
Floral food helps to nourish your flowers and discourage bacterial growth in the water. It is the best -- and easiest -- ways to extend the life of your flowers. It is very important to follow the directions on the package correctly. Improperly mixed floral food can do more harm than good.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.064941
Retrieved Text: Here you will find some useful tips and tricks to make sure you provide the best care possible for your bouquet, floral arrangement, mixed tropical planter, cut flowers and orchids!
Make sure the container you are using is sterile, by rinsing it out with bleach or washing it in the dishwasher. Fill the vase with lukewarm water and mix well with the amount of preservative given/required.
It is not necessary to cut the string holding the bouquet, as it is designed to be displayed as you receive it. Immediately re-cut the stem ends with sharp garden pruners and place the bouquet in the vase.
For maximum life, place your flowers in a cool location, not in direct sunlight. As well, change the water every 2-3 days and re-cut stem ends.
Most flowers will last a minimum of 5 to 7 days, but others may not last as long. It is important to remove dead flowers from your bouquet to extend the life of those remaining.
Add water to container immediately and keep it filled daily. If oasis (floral foam) has been used, wait for water to be absorbed, then add until full.
For maximum life, please place your flowers in a cool location, not in direct sunlight. To prolong the life of the arrangement, remove any dying flowers as they occur.
The greenery in any arrangement will outlast the flowers. At this point, you get to be creative! Head back to the Flower Market for some cut flowers to re-insert into the container. Once your arrangement is no longer looking fresh, please discard

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.289835
Retrieved Text: Vase Tag wallpapers: Autumn Flowers White Still Vase Yellow Nature Beads Chrysanthemums Life Flower Crown Hd. Colorful Easter Ester Vase Flowers Boquet Flower Wallpaper Hd Widescreen. Nature Beautiful Lovely Flowers Vase Beauty Blue Pretty Life Still Photography Flower Wallpaper Desktop Full Size. Flowers Nature Vase Still Life Pink Flower Wallpaper Hd 1920x1200. Green Pretty Daisy Life Nature Photography Vase Flowers Still Colors Beautiful Daisies Table Flower Wallpapers Pic. Flowers Tulips Vase Spring Tea Tulip Pretty Beautiful Colorful Beauty Lovely Still Cup Love Romance Nature Magnifier Romantic Life Photography Colors Flower New Wallpaper Download.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.986164
Retrieved Text: Flowers are one of the best representations of nature’s creativity. Available in hundreds of shades, shapes, and sizes, a single flower or a bunch of beautiful blooms can instantly brighten up a room.
Whether it is a beautiful bouquet you’ve received on a special occasion (or from a special someone) or freshly cut flowers from your garden, you definitely want to enjoy their beauty for as long as you can.
Unfortunately, fresh cut flowers do not last very long. It can be just a matter of days before they begin to wilt and wither. However, this does not mean you cannot add a few more days to their lifespan.
Bacteria play a significant role in shortening the lives of cut flowers. They collect at the base of the stems and may end up clogging them. This makes it harder for the stem to absorb water and nutrients. As a result, your flowers will droop and die.
To ensure your flowers last longer, you need to provide them water and necessary nutrients as well as curb the growth of bacteria.
A few tips and tricks can help you keep fresh cut flowers from wilting for more than a week. Although different kinds of flowers require different types of care, there are a few basic tips that work for all.
Here are 10 easy tricks to keep flowers fresh for longer. Also, be sure to check out the tips at the end of the article.
There is a reason why florists prefer keeping flowers in the refrigerator. The cold temperature slows down the aging of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.9184
Retrieved Text: Bring a part of nature into your home and fill the house with a smell of fresh flowers. But instead of putting them in a plain vase that’s boring to look at, embellish your old vases to extend the beauty of their contents. Be creative and turn an ordinary glass or ceramic vase into an amazing piece of decor. And you can even use cans, decorate them and make a perfect storing place for your fragrant flowers. Take a look at these different ways to decorate vases and make unique accents for your home. Will you be taking on any of these projects?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.856073
Retrieved Text: World Expression boasts dramatic red flames on creamy white petals, making this tulip the perfect finale for your late-spring garden show. Sword-like foliage and strong stems support large blooms both in the garden and in the vase. Simply spectacular when planted in large swaths.
Look at the colors! Single Late Tulips have some of the biggest blooms and brightest colors available. Their blooms come to life after other tulips have begun to fade. What a beautiful way to extend your bloom season!
Single Late Tulip Bulbs are easy to grow and come in a wide variety of colors. For small spaces plant Single Late Tulips in containers or use as added interest in any sun filled garden. These tulips grow up to 30” tall, making them perfect for cut flowers to enjoy in a vase inside! Plant in the fall and enjoy late spring blooms.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.675678
Retrieved Text: Inexpensive wedding flowers that still look beautiful for couples fresh how to draw a bouquet of in vase. Amazon com benchmark bouquets flowering fields with vase fresh how to draw a bouquet of flowers in. Still life flowers in a vase of red tulips stock illustration fresh how to draw bouquet. Oil draw pink petals fresh delicate flowers decorative lily martagon how to a bouquet of in vase. Amazon com kabloom bouquet of fresh pink roses farm how to draw a flowers in vase.
In. Fresh. Flowers. Bouquet. To. Vase. A. Pin by stephanie freid on drawing pinterest flowers peonies and fresh how to draw a bouquet of in vase.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.549625
Retrieved Text: Roses are the most popular of decorative flowers, immortalized in song and poetry for centuries. Roses are often cut and displayed in the home as a beautiful decoration. Cut flowers eventually die, but the addition of sugar water may delay the process, preserving the flowers for up to several weeks with the right care.
Choose the correct roses for preservation in sugar water for success. Look for roses that have only the first or second layer of the pedals loose. Inspect the sepals to see if they turn downward towards the stem. Do not cut roses that re-closed or appeared loose.
Large amounts of carbohydrates are required for the preservation of flowers in a vase, according to the National Institute of Floriculture. Sugar water provides simple sugars, which act as carbohydrates, feeding the rose and reducing decay of the flower. Treatment with a sugar water as well as a hydroxyquinoline compound, available at garden centers, will increase the life of the cut rose.
The University of Illinois extension offers a recipe for sugar water that will extend the life of your cut roses. Add 2 tbsp. of white vinegar, 2 tsp. of sugar, and 1/2 tsp. of bleach to 1 quart of warm water. Alternatively, 1 pint of regular lemon or lime soda is mixed with 1/2 tsp. of bleach and 1 pint of warm water.
Prepare the roses properly before placing them in the sugar water to help prolong life. All leaves on the rose stem are removed to conserve energy. One inch is cut off the stems, at

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.539845
Retrieved Text: Here at City Scents Floral & Home, we pride ourselves in offering high quality products and services. Our shop is stocked daily with fresh flowers from around the globe. Our downtown Chicago location is easily accessible many hotels, restaurants, businesses and residences. We are open daily and deliver to all of Chicago and surrounding suburbs. Order online, call or visit our retail store.
Lovely flowers exactly as described on your website. Many Thanks; I will certainly use you again.
My first time to order anything through online ordering! Everything went great ! 5 star rating well deserve!
Delivered on time! Wonderful flowers and fruit! Very reliable service would use again.
My cousin was delighted with the arrangement sent to her on Thur.9/15/2011. Thank you for prompt delivery.
A traditional presentation of long stem roses with limonium and greens in a glass vase - always a work of art.
Present this classic and lustrous bouquet to the love of your life and celebrate your anniversary in style! Sweet-fragranced Stargazer lilies and classic red roses are interwoven with pure white blossoms in a dazzling glass vase.
F859 Brighten someones day with this cheery collection of 12 stems of mixed color gerbera daisies, with vase. Flower colors will vary to fit the season and ensure the freshest blooms are delivered.
Cheerful flowers and bright colors combine to wish a special person a very Happy Birthday! Boldly colored Gerbera daisies and Kermit green poms stand out against a background of soft blue hydrangea. All are arranged in a ceramic vase with exuberant stripes in shades of orange, red,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.383795
Retrieved Text: A pot of pansies along Stonebridge Rd near Route 126.
The pansy is a classic spring time flower which can be purchased at most garden nurseries. The pansy is native to the southern hemisphere. However, the plants bought at nurseries are typically F1 pansy hybrids of the genuses Viola and Wittrockiana. Nursery grown pansies come is a wide variety of colors and are typically grown in a greenhouse from seed. When purchased, they are three to four months old. To extend the flowering life of the plant, one should deadhead spent flowers, and cut back leggy plants to revitalize the plant.
Although pansies are perennials, they can not handle the extremes of our weather and are typically treated like spring time annuals. Although pansies like sun, planting in an area with afternoon shade can also extend the flowering life of the plant. Afternoon shade protects the plant from our summer sun, and hence can extend the time before the plant inevitably succumbs to the summer heat.
A wreath of Forsythia from 396 Old Connecticut Path (Route 126) in Wayland. The location is just south of where the Hultman Aqueduct crosses Route 126. Forsythia is the true harbinger of spring and it flowers before any of its leaf foliage emerges.
If you believe it is still a little too early for the Forsythia to bloom you are correct. This wreath is actually a nice imitation made of plastic flowers. Although the residents of this location have some of the oldest and nicest Forsythia in town, they like to get a few

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.218695
Retrieved Text: how to paint a vase with acrylic paint try acrylic pouring on mason jars to make these spring vases paint pouring medium makes how to paint a vase of impressionistlike flowers snapguide how to paint a vase of impressionistlike flowers.
how to paint a vase with acrylic paint how to marble the inside of glass vases with acrylic paint tutorial how to marble the inside of glass vases with acrylic paint tutorial in english and swedish.
how to paint a vase with acrylic paint 50 bright floral bouquet in vase acrylic painting print on canvas bright floral bouquet in vase acrylic painting print on canvas.
how to paint a vase with acrylic paint pumpkin painting ideas how to use acrylic to paint an impressionistic vase of flowers by how to use acrylic to paint an impressionistic vase of flowers by van gogh for beginners.
how to paint a vase with acrylic paint amazoncom purple flowers in glass vase acrylic painting on x purple flowers in glass vase acrylic painting on x stretched canvas by artist jennifer.
how to paint a vase with acrylic paint flowers in a vase acrylic painting print on canvas tips for painting on plastic crafts by amanda painting on plastic supplies.
how to paint a vase with acrylic paint how to paint glass vases vases paintings by famous artists st art gallery browsing by subject vases.
how to paint a vase with acrylic paint image titled paint light bulbs step 5 how to paint a watercolor floral still life stepbystep artist daily how to paint a watercolor floral still

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.056671
Retrieved Text: The Belle Bouquet holders are manufactured by Smithers-Oasis and are one of the most popular bouquet holders used by professional florists.
They come in three sizes, medium, large and Grande. I generally always recommend the Grande, since a large amount of flowers can draw a great deal of water out of a head of foam in a hurry. Water is the life of your fresh flowers!
Always begin by soaking the bouquet holder in water that has been treated with fresh flower food. A few simple professional products such as Quick Dip, flower food and Finishing Touch will greatly extend the life of your flowers.
If you have a large investment in your wedding flowers and you don't have a florist cooler, it is wise to spend a few extra dollars and treat your flowers the way a professional would.
Always begin by processing your dry packed flowers correctly.
Allow your foam to "float soak". Do not force the foam head under water, as this can create dry pockets in the foam. This may spell death to a flower head. Let the foam absorb water naturally. It only takes a few minutes.
Always secure your bouquet holder in a tall enough holder or narrow necked vase that the cascade is above the design surface. Remember that fresh flowers and watered foam is heavy.
You want to be sure your bouquet is held securely and doesn't topple forward on you while you are designing.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.987606
Retrieved Text: Ikebana is Japanese for “arranging flowers”, and this vase truly brings flowers to life.
Ikebana vase from Fritz Hansen, designed by Jaime Hayon. Ikebana is Japanese for “arranging flowers”, and this vase truly brings flowers to life. It uses the whole flower, not just the head. Made from mouth blown glass with a freestanding brass insert that holds the flowers in place. Also available in two different sizes.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.885775
Retrieved Text: Glass vase wholesale rectangular glass wedding vases, 2. Glass vase wholesale rectangular glass vase planters, 4. 4quot; x 8quot; x 4quot; rectangular glass vase modern home decor. Rectangular glass vase. Rectangle glass vase self serve wedding rentals. Glass vase wholesale rectangular glass wedding vases 4. Rectangle glass vase 158quot;x 48quot;x 4quot; wholesale flowers.
Vases design ideas: find perfect flowers in vase. Wall mounted vases wall pocket planters wall mounted vases. Still life: vase with twelve sunflowers by vincent van. Rose vase arrangement the flower merchant. Chinese pottery. Rustic hollow log vase aspen wood home dcor by. 20 lovely diy hanging flower vase ideas. Front. Personalised grave vase spike heart design with flowers. Vases design ideas: porcelain vase very antique ideas. The 5 vases you need for having fresh flowers cupcakes.
Turquoise mini vases gump#039;s. Gold vase gems gold vase fillers gold wedding. Mini bud vases, colored bud vases, mini colored bud vases. Distressed mason jar flower vases pistol pete#039;s. Sketchy notions : miniature bud vase diy. Diy clamped mason jar vase centerpiece. Buy skultuna bonbon mini vases set of 3 amara.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.496181
Retrieved Text: Featuring striking blooms in a riot of colours with overflowing foliage in a wild and organic style. The image shown is in a Premium size.
The photo shown is for reference only. We will always use the freshest seasonal flowers available.
To care for the flowers, we would recommend pouring a small teacup of water directly into the Bloom Box arrangement or changing the water in the vase every other day. Give the flowers a spritz of water daily to extend the longevity of the flowers. Do note to keep the flowers in a cool environment and away from direct sunlight as well.
Receive exclusive updates and access to our latest collections, special events and more.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.48081
Retrieved Text: A single red Rose with a twinkle of Diamante in an elegant black vase.
Make an impact this Valentine's Day.
* Containers or baskets provided may differ from those shown, as these pictures are representative of the designs available. Should any of the flowers shown be out of season or unavailable, flowers may be supplemented by another type suitable for the design shown.
* All flowers are packed fresh, and for optimal vase life some varieties are delivered in bud. For maximum vase life, put them in water as soon as they arrive. Your flowers will flourish before your eyes. We make every effort to include long lasting varieties of flowers which ensures that your gift will stay fresh for as long as possible.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.443605
Retrieved Text: Bloomex ships the freshest flowers in the nation, but even so, there are many things you can do to extend the life of your gorgeous fresh cut flowers even longer once they've arrived at your doorstep.
Some of these tips are somewhat common sense, and some of them are industry secrets. We hope you enjoy them and learn a little something along the way.
Excessive light and heat (i.e. coming in from a window) can cause plants' lifespans to shorten.
This is a little-known fact. As fruit ripens, it emits a gas that ages your flowers more quickly.
Any florist worth their salt will include some packets of floral food. Use it. It's packed with vital nutrients to feed your flowers' continued longevity.
Ideally, a nice cool tap water should work best for your flowers once they're placed in a vase. Don't use icy water, or anything that comes close to luke-warm.
When you're trimming stems, it's best to do it under running water. If not, excess oxygen might get into the stem and ultimately contribute to your flowers aging quicker.
This is another florists' secret. 45 degrees is the ideal angle to trim your stems (which you'll want to do a few times over the course of your flowers' lifespan.) This prevents bacteria from negatively harming your flowers.
A light spray of water each day on your beautiful flowers will be much appreciated and keep them as fresh as can be.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.154858
Retrieved Text: Flower Arranging 101: The Do's & the Don'ts!
Check out these easy steps to making your own garland for a fireplace mantle, stairway, doorway, hearth, kitchen or table centerpiece. You shouldn't limit creativity to the holidays...Garlands add warmth to any room & pieces of furniture.
Select a greenery & the flowers that will make up the garland.
Tie loops at each end of the rope for hanging.
Separate each kind of greens & flowers, and cut into pieces of about 6" to 7" long. Cut several longer & stronger pieces of greenery, approximately 10" to 12" long & set aside.
In your hand, make small "bouquets or bundles" with all the varieties of greens & flowers.
Start at one end & lay one "bouquet" on the top of the rope.
Attach this "bouquet" with 24" gauge spool wire to the rope. Simply wind the wire several times around the stems of the "bouquet." Do not cut the wire.
Add another "bouquet" so tips overlap stems of first "bouquet," & attach to rope.
Now, to make the garland sturdy, you should attach one of your longer/stronger pieces of greenery to the back side of the rope. This larger piece of greenery needs to be the length of two "bouquets."
Repeat the process, (two "bouquets" front & one longer/stronger piece of greenery back) until you fill the rope with beautiful greens, flowers or berries. Secure wire by catching it under the last loop of wire.
Pick the Flowers: Start by selecting fresh cut flowers. Look for blooms that are just starting to open, have firm stems, healthy leaves, &

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.143862
Retrieved Text: Kado is the art of cutting and putting seasonal flowers or tree branches into a vase to admire their appearance and express the brilliance of life. Like other traditional Japanese arts, it places importance on etiquette.
Kado originally began as a way of offering flowers to the spirits of the dead. With the spread of Buddhism in the 7th century, people began offering flowers to their alters.
Later in the “Higashiyama Culture” during the 15th century, a new style of architecture called “Shoin-zukuri”, which places an alcove in the room, was developed. Flowers were arranged in a way that looked the most beautiful when seen from in front of the alcove. During that time, the idea that flowers have the same life as humans emerged and Kado was completed.
During the latter half of the Edo period, Kado or flower arrangement became popular among all people, regardless of status, and a variety of schools were born.
How to properly view arranged flowers: Sit or stand on the spot where you can see whole arranged flowers head-on and bow. Then view. You will not only see the whole set-up but also minute details among the combination of flowers, vase, and vase holder. Then make a bow to the person who arranged the flowers to express your appreciation.
Rikka (standing flowers) style: Rikka was developed as a way of decorating the alcove introduced in the Muromachi period. Flowers are arranged lengthwise in a relatively slender vase. Various flowers are combined to express a special scenic mood in the vase. This style is the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.118235
Retrieved Text: It's spring, which means your local flower market is filled with fresh stems! Try these easy DIYs to elevate your bodega blooms to the next level.
After giving us some priceless insider info on arranging your own florals, Carly Cylinder shared three DIY projects from her new book that are absolutely perfect for spring.
Not only that, they're ideal for all those parties leading up to your wedding day that may not warrant a budget for professional blooms, but you still want some fresh arrangements adding to the décor. See Cylinder's tips from her book The Flower Chef below.
Feel free to experiment with any type of citrus when lining a vase—limes, lemons, oranges, grapefruit—anything would work. It looks fancy, but there's an easy trick to this design: I place a slightly smaller vase inside a larger vase, filling the space in between with the sliced fruit. The key is to make sure that the smaller vase is only about one-quarter- to one-half-inch narrower than the larger vase, since the narrower the space, the less fruit you need to fill it.
1. Fill the smaller vase, pint glass or plastic container three-quarters full with water. Place it inside the medium vase.
2. Slice the lemons about 1⁄8" to 1⁄4" thick, depending on how much space there is between the two vases.
3. Place the lemon slices in between the two vases, until the space is entirely lined with lemon slices. The slices will overlap. You can cut the lemon slices in half to better fit at the top of the vase.
4. Prep

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.109987
Retrieved Text: Home > Pretty in Pinks!
Vibrant mix of feminine garden flowers arrives in a sparkling glass vase. A sweet long lasting mix of her favorite garden flowers will delight any young lady in your life! Flowers and vase may vary by Season.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.937874
Retrieved Text: 1. Wash vase with bleach and water, NOT dish soap. Dish soap can leave behind a residue that can shorten the flowers’ life span in your vase. 2. Cut flowers early in the morning or late in the evening, when your flowers are holding the most moisture. 3. Remove all leaves that would be in the water, and give each flower stem a 2nd fresh cut as you place it into your vase.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.936714
Retrieved Text: sources and purchases the flowers and plants direct from selected growers. Every day the necessary flowers and plants arrive fresh at Thuisbloemist where the products are processed ready for shipment. We take great responsibility for the quality of our flowers and plants buy buying and processing them ourselves.
You are assured of the best quality flowers and plants at and therefore we can provide a freshness guarantee on flowers. Plants in general have a long shelf life when properly used as indicated on the -Advice for Maintenance- page, on the information provided on the ordering page and the information that comes with the plant, therefore Thuisbloemist does not give a guarantee on plants.
sends the flowers on water to supply the flowers under the best conditions at the consumer. The flowers have only water for the transport phase and should be given fresh water as quickly as possible upon receipt (by putting them in a vase or temporarily in a layer of water).
You must be able to enjoy a beautiful bouquet of flowers as long as possible; guarantees a vase life of at least 7 days. Therefore the flowers has to be well cared. However, we can not take responsibility for bad conditions that would harm the development of the flowers. The life span depend on a numerous factors; temperature, draft, water and light are factors that affect the vase life. Our care page indicate the ideal care for flowers. Below you'll find some advices how to enjoy your flowers for as long as possible.
- Cutting each stem

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.873869
Retrieved Text: Fresh flowers are a cheap thrill. They aren't just for the rich and famous! They can bring a smile to your face in an instant.
Fresh flowers make you feel good.They can boost your morning moods and lift your spirits. Read "How to Boost Your Morning Mood here."
You can have fresh flowers in your home daily.Even on a tight budget.
1) Go to a florist and buy one unusual flower. Ask the florist to recommend a long-lasting flower. Cut it and place it in a vase. Learn how to care for fresh flowers here. This is a good investment.
Lilies, alstroemeria, carnations and some varieties of roses can last as long as 7-14 days. If properly cared for that is.
Flowers purchased from good florists generally last longer.They condition them well. And keep them in coolers to preserve them.
2) Buy a small bunch of mixed flowers. Cut them short and place them in small vases and jars around the house. Flowers cut shorter often last longer.The shorter stems allow the water to get to the flowers more quickly.
3) Learn to appreciate flowers at all their life stages. Ever notice that roses in magazines are always all the way open. That's when they are most beautiful.
Don't just go for the tight buds. Often those tight buds you think will guarantee you a longer vase life really mean the flower was cut too early. When that happens with roses, they won't open at all.
Learn how to select flowers the way florists do here.
4) Buy a bunch of flowers and split them with

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.85096
Retrieved Text: This striking bouquet is a kaleidoscope bursting with the colours of an Australian summer sunset and is designed to brighten the day of those lucky enough to receive it. The 'Sunset Blend' is one of our most popular arrangements and is on special! Take advantage of this fantastic special while you can!
Because all of our flowers are fresh as can be, some buds may be sent closed. This protects the flowers during transit and increases their vase life, ensuring this stunning bouquet will arrive in pristine condition. Please note that the vase is not included.
Sunset Blend Special This striking bouquet is a kaleidoscope bursting with the colours of an Australian summer sunset and is designed to brighten the day of those lucky enough to receive it. The 'Sunset Blend' is one of our most popular arrangements and is on special! Take advantage of this fantastic special while you can! Because all of our flowers are fresh as can be, some buds may be sent closed. This protects the flowers during transit and increases their vase life, ensuring this stunning bouquet will arrive in pristine condition. Please note that the vase is not included.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.802155
Retrieved Text: Any time is a good time to let a teacher know they are appreciated. Whether it's teacher appreciation week (the first week in May) the end of the school year, or the beginning, let a teacher know how much they're appreciated with this cheerful bouquet of flowers in a fun pencil vase. You can make this teacher gift pencil vase in minutes. Just fire up your glue gun and pick up an inexpensive bouquet of flowers at the grocery store.
Make sure to use a jar or vase that has straight sides. (I used an old olive jar.) Glue the pencils all the way around the jar making sure the ends of the pencils are flush with the bottom of the jar. It's ok if the pencils extend past the top of the jar.
Grab an inexpensive bouquet of flowers the next time you're at the grocery store and pop them in the vase. Add some water and a bow and you've got a really nice teacher gift in minutes!
Don't forget to add a gift tag!
More easy teacher appreciation gift ideas here!
Inspired by this pin and this pin.
This is so lovely . I liked it.
Oh gosh...how cute! I love this!
What a neat idea! I bet teachers would love this!
Thanks for linking up to the Bloggers Brags Pinterest Party. I have pinned your post to the Bloggers Brags Pinterest Board. Hope to see you next week!
What a cute idea for a teachers gift you made and shared. Thanks for linking to Cooking & Crafting with J&J!
What a clever idea

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: Sentence: how do you put eyelashes on?

Choice 1: glue them on with mascara.

Choice 2: put eyelash glue on the fake eyelashes and then let it get tacky. then, place it on top of your actual eyelashes and let it dry on.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.580282
Retrieved Text: Lash extensions involve applying anywhere between 35 – 600 eyelashes to your lash line to add volume, length, and thickness to your natural eyelashes for up to 6 weeks. If you want to look bold, look bold! If you just want a little fullness, you can have a little fullness! Lash extensions are the perfect solution for ladies who want to wake up with gorgeous lashes and skip the daily eye... Growing up I wasn't the girl that had long thick eyelashes. My eyelashes were short and nonexistent. It doesn't seem to be genetic because my sister has longer, thicker eyelashes than I do.
3. A nice way to make your eyelashes grow is to massage them with oils a couple of times a week. Just put a drop of olive oil or coconut oil on your clean fingertips and massage your eyelids and eyelashes … how to make feta cheese last longer Is the scanty growth of your eyelashes worrying you? Do you want longer and thicker eyelashes? Then we’ve got some fantastic tips on how to grow longer eyelashes.Thicker and longer eyelashes are one of the most striking features of our personality as they make the eyes look attractive and beautiful.
Lash extensions involve applying anywhere between 35 – 600 eyelashes to your lash line to add volume, length, and thickness to your natural eyelashes for up to 6 weeks. If you want to look bold, look bold! If you just want a little fullness, you can have a little fullness! Lash extensions are the perfect

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.08958
Retrieved Text: A long eyelashes would add emphasis to your eyes and that is why most beauty queen and other celebrity uses a fake long eyelashes. Some beauty consultant perhaps knows some technique or tips on how to grow the eyelashes. But if we do not have the money to consult an expert beautician then find out how to make your eyelashes grow by visiting this link. You will find solution to your eyelashes problem. Other ways to make your eyelashes look longer is to put a darker maskara. I am not expert in beauty and makeup but i have noticed that a darker maskara and eye liner would also make your eyes look deep and attractive.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.795103
Retrieved Text: GirlEyelashes.com – False eyelashes or fake eyelashes is an instrument for your eyes. It’s the one that will make your eyes pop. It seems like there’s no better way to make you look more beautiful and gorgeous. You will also look more awake than before. You can choose from individual lashes to full-on falsies.
Applying and removing false eyelashes can give you a bit pain. But there’s nothing to worry about; it’s still safe for your lashes. The little pain seems the only problem you might have in using falsies. You need to know the best way how to put on false eyelashes. But before that, you need to know more about falsies, best products to buy, the right shape, and the right size based on your eyelashes.
Choosing the best products is important because you might not want the falsies to cause problems to your natural eyelashes right? Well, here are some products you can choose.
Ardell Multipack Demi Wispies Lashes. This one costs about 17 pounds on Superdrug store. It offers you with some of the most natural-looking lashes; it also has more volume and length choices. The lightweight is almost invisible. The means that are attached to the lashes would not make you feel any harsh lines. The size varies, and it gives a more natural look. This one of the best products is perfect for a classic look. It is also easy to apply and well managed for the whole night.
Tanya Burr Date Night Lashes. It is also one of the best seller products on

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.169405
Retrieved Text: Eyelashes production is a 100% handmade work,hard work.
Eyelashes production is a very hard work,most of young people don’t like to do this kind of work. So most of eyelashes workers are Mille-age women. Theirs age around 40 years old. And the qty of this age of people less and less every year, So i think in the future, people who do this kind of work ,will be less,and lashes price will be higher than now.
Make eyelashes is a rather precise operation. First our designer to draw artwork,and write on paper the steps for every lashes styles,Then print the artwork ,dispense to workers, Usually one group have 3-5 workers,they can do no more than 5 styles. Of course,before they can make lashes,first they need to do a lot of practice, only the ones,who can do better,then can make lashes for clients.
Eyelashes production process, total 21 steps. Some of steps are our trade secrets,we can’t show you. Only can show you parts of them. If you like, can see video from the home page of our website. From below picture, you can see, lashes production is a 100% handmade work, The hardest part i think is to do half lashes,i don’t know how to say in English is right, we call it ‘ put fur’. Do this work need put mink fur one by one on double face adhesive tape on the lashes design picture,so hope every women or girls,who like to wear lashes,can cherish them.
Every week we have new styles, if you are interested in, please contact

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.751854
Retrieved Text: At first I was very skeptical about trying something that would make my eyelashes longer but now as I see the results I'm very happy :) StimuLashFusion from Fusion Beauty promised longer and thicker eyelashes in 6 weeks. To tell you the truth it took 2 months for my eyelashes to start growing (I applied the enhancer along upper lash line every night before going to bed, and I'm still doing it). My eyelashes really became longer and thicker! And it's noticeable! When I look up, they touch the eyebrows :) I wish I took pictures of my eyelashes before I started using the enhancer. I didn't. But that's how my eyelashes look now. Honestly, in real life they look more dramatic than on pictures. I'm currently using Diorshow Black Out Mascara. I would definitely recommend this enhancer to those who are not into fake eyelashes and who want their eyelashes be naturally longer and beautiful. Please, feel free to ask any questions!
Have a great day, everyone! Kisses.
And here they are, my magic tools :) the StimuLashFusion from Fusion Beauty and Diorshow Black Out Mascara.
So jealous! You have amazing eyelashes, I need to use about 4 different mascaras to create long effect, but never as long as yours, awesome!
You're right! First, your eyelashes are soooo long! I'm jealous! Your eyes look beautiful but still natural, that's the kind of look I'm looking for! (How many times can you put look in one sentence? haha).
Thanks for following me! Besides, if you want to read my text as

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.728014
Retrieved Text: B-Curl Eyelash Extensions for busy bees.
Time consuming prep. They're locked and loaded (always wanted to say that!) on detachable sticky strips.
Eenie-meenie minie mo just pluck, and go! As they're all lined up at the same angle, they're very easy to pick up.
Mess. All done? Put back in the case. Close. Done. See-ya!
We don't want you to waste your money buying something you don't need. So we'll give you a quick list of the pros and the cons of B-Curls.
Versatile. Bs can be mixed with either J or C-Curl.
Great for... Mature clients who wants a glamorous look without going OTT.
Easy to apply. More bonding surface for the glue, compared to Cs and Ds.
Too subtle for some. For customers who want a more glamorous look, Bs are Cs are a better choice.
Great for... Not weighing down eyelashes which are fine. Creating long-lasting extensions (less stress on glue bond.
Not so great for... Clients who want more definition or who have sparse/patchy eyelashes.
Great for... Adding definition without overweighing most client's natural eyelashes.
Not so great for... Older clients or those who wants to really stand out.
Great for... (lucky!) clients who have thick natural lashes, or photo shoots where you need maximum exposure.
Not so great for... Clients who have fine natural eyelashes, as 'drooping' of the eyelash may occur, and extensions may fall out faster due to heavier weight on the glue bond.
UM... SO HOW DO I USE THEM?
Just use your tweezer point to peel away each strip from the backing and apply to the back of your hand while lashing, or

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.655441
Retrieved Text: With the popularity of smart phones, the emergence of online social platforms, the diversity and convenience of cross-border payment methods, and the small amount of trade are booming. False eyelashes are such a product, because its market is large, the starting capital is less, the weight Small, fast transportation, so more and more popular with mink eyelashes enthusiasts and small businesses, more and more young people joined the army of online shopping, and its relatively low price and strong beauty, which further fueled the market Capacity.
As a quality mink eyelashes manufacturer, mink eyelashes wholesale supplier,Selfit’s mink eyelashes, because of the high quality of production, long use time, fashion style is also sought after by the market, more than 30 bags of eyelash parcels are sent to Europe and the United States and the Middle East every day. area. Let’s talk about how to use and maintain Selfit mink eyelashes.
Selfit mink eyelashes can make your eyelashes long and bright, and beautiful eyelashes look natural. Having beautiful mink eyelashes means you don’t need a lot of makeup to look great. It is a great way to raise your eyes and your face. The longer and thicker your eyelashes, the more eye-catching it looks, which in turn attracts your attention. Eyelashes give you the effect you want.
Choose the eyelash style you need based on eye shape.
According to the popular classification method, the shape of the eyes is divided into four types: CAT, DOLL, ROUND and WING. Corresponding eyes should also be used to set off the beauty of your

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.199013
Retrieved Text: Loriax Face Cream Reviews:- Vitamins C but also e, two antioxidant vitamins help hair to increase while supporting the growth of allegro blue hair normal hair. In the absence of vitamin C, the hair becomes weak but also completely dry. Added vitamin C prevents hair damage caused by free radicals, keeps you healthy and balanced, and also helps in recovering and adding to hair restoration. The scalp is actually thicker and also much healthier with the help of vitamin E, which then stimulates the blood circulation. These vitamins are actually discovered in citrus fruits, avocados and vegetables.
Rub it your eyelid oil, the base of your eyelashes, with a percentage of olive oil or even castor oil, every evening Loria Allegro, amazon. This will help each of them become bigger but also more dense. The results will certainly begin to emerge after. 1 or 2 months. This or buy amazon blue bead moment that brand new eyelashes will certainly be also more powerful and much healthier compared to previously. Olive oil also works properly as an emollient for improving the health and well-being of your eyelashes .
Oil improves the appeal of your eyelashes some time promotes their growth so that they could become larger but also denser. Gently squeeze the eyelashes with a small amount of oil to soften and enhance the promotion of the new brand.
This different therapy also helps your eyelashes, like olive oil and castor oil. Scrub with a small amount of petroleum jelly to your eyes, the bottom of your eyelashes, every evening

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.943192
Retrieved Text: My only caution is it can make your hair around your face look greasy but even so it�s brilliant for your hair. I also just massage into my eyelashes and around my eyes, its the best moisturiser ever, great for treating hair too and on body.... Are you in search of how to make your eyelashes grow? Like the hair on your scalp. eyelashes naturally grow in cycles and have a genetically determined growth phase which determines the full potential your lashes can reach.
The internet is full of downright misinformation on how to grow your eyelashes longer. Eyelashes naturally grow exactly the same as all body hair. The fact that lashes �... Are you in search of how to make your eyelashes grow? Like the hair on your scalp. eyelashes naturally grow in cycles and have a genetically determined growth phase which determines the full potential your lashes can reach.
The internet is full of downright misinformation on how to grow your eyelashes longer. Eyelashes naturally grow exactly the same as all body hair. The fact that lashes � how to make hash from kief with pollen press Do Eyelashes Grow Back >> Useful Articles >> How Do I Get My Eyelashes To Grow Back? Long, healthy and black eye lashes are a feature most women and men desire. However, one might lose theirs in the event of an illness or application of harsh make up.
The internet is full of downright misinformation on how to grow your eyelashes longer. Eyelashes naturally grow exactly the same as all

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.890533
Retrieved Text: Lately, I’ve had a lot of people (including friends and family) ask me how to apply false eyelashes. Falsies instantly glam up your look, and they really are a breeze to apply. I know it can be intimidating to glue something to your lash line, but I promise it’s easy! I made a video going over some of my best tips for applying false eyelashes, and then I apply some on camera. Now that I’ve got a lot of practice under my belt, I can apply them in about 2 minutes! Watch below!
Be sure to check out the entire Beauty section before you go!
I totally need this! I have been wanting to do them more but, haven’t had the greatest experience! Thanks!
Do you apply mascara to the false lashes? I see you put it on your natural lashes.
You can certainly apply mascara after you’ve applied the falsies so that they are blended and combined, but I feel like it diminishes the longevity of the falsies. I’d like to be able to re-use my lashes as much as possible, so that’s why I apply mascara before falsies!
Love the Tips! I had a friend help me with lashes last summer and have wanted to start using them more……. Thanks so much!
you didnt say where exactly you place the lashes. is it on your eyelid?
On the lid, close to your lash line! Sorry, thought that was clear when I was I was demonstrating it!
first. I love the new website. Second, I’m obsessed with the new site. and third, I

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.882875
Retrieved Text: This blog is completely dedicated for newbies on how to apply false eyelashes, which are very easy to do.
As a matter of fact they are so easy that most people prefer to do it themselves.
There are also very useful YouTube tutorials to help you out along the way .
But while you are here you will learn simply techniques that have come from my own personal experience and also get links from YouTube based on who I think has the best informational video. And very soon if you get the basics you will be the pro putting on the eyelash too.
1. Buy a good brand of eyelash glue.
I love Duo eyelash glue compared to any other brand I have ever used.
The color that squeezed out of the tube was white, but I was told the white would turn clear, which it didn't. Instead, it looked liked white rubbery paint on my face.
It also did not do the job of keeping the eyelash on. My eyelashes would not last all day and they would be flying up or coming off after 2 hours of wearing the false eyelashes.
I found it hard to find the Duo Eyelash Glue, but I have learned you can find it at your local beauty store like Sally's and on Duo's instagram page they say the eyelash glue is available at Sephora, ULTA, Sally Beauty, Target, Walgreens, CVS, and MAC. Be sure to follow them on instagram by searching duoadhesive.
2. Know it's okay to buy a cheap brand of eyelashes, but examine them before

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.591705
Retrieved Text: Everybody hates it when their private label mink 3d eyelashes complain, don’t they? Yet the way you deal with a complaint can help you become a business success.
Eenki Why do I say this? Because private label mink 3d eyelashes almost always come from people who want to continue dealing with you.
In other words, they tend to come from the very people who will make your business a success.
Most of us don’t respond well to private label mink 3d eyelashes . We tend to take them personally, as if our very souls were being attacked!
Our first reaction may well be to hit back, or respond in some other non-productive way.
That first reaction is instinctive. There’s practically nothing we can do about an automatic private label mink 3d eyelashes over which we have no control, and there’s no point worrying about it. Give yourself a moment to let it happen, and get it out of your system. Then you can focus on a productive response.
We can’t control an automatic private label mink 3d eyelashes to a complaint. We do have control over what we do next. And it’s what we do next that matters.
Realizing that a complaint isn’t a personal attack on you, even when it seems that way, is crucial. Because it allows you to act powerfully.
Let’s imagine that Jane sells Joe some advertising, and that it fails to generate even one visitor to Joe’s website.
Joe complains to Jane, saying the advertising didn’t work. Joe accuses Jane of ripping him off!
This sure sounds like a personal private

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.48379
Retrieved Text: Beauty is not just something you are born with. In fact, the role that genetics play in your appearance is quite small. The plain truth is that looking good is often just a matter of working hard to look your best. In this article, you can find some fresh ideas for getting great looking eyelashes with less effort.
Before applying mascara, use an eyelash curler to curl your eyelashes. Not only can curling your eyelashes help them look much longer than they really are, but it can also visually lift your entire eye area, helping your eyes look brighter, younger, and more alert. Starting at the base of your lashes, squeeze the eyelash curler and hold it for a second. Then move it slightly toward the end of the lashes and squeeze it again. This will help give a natural curve rather than a sharp angle.
The last thing you want, if you are going to use fake eyelashes, is to find you are allergic to the glue. To make sure allergies will not be a problem, put some of the eyelash glue on your arm. Put a type of plaster on top of that, and leave it alone for 24 hours. If you have no rash, you will have no problems!
Once you recognize that improving the appearance of your eyelashes is a process requiring hard work, you are going to want to make sure that your hard work gets you the best possible results. Tips like these, can help you achieve that goal and optimize the ratio

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.33589
Retrieved Text: Eyelashes create beautiful frames around your eyes. People always have been attracted to men and women who have long, gorgeous, and beautiful eyelashes. If you don’t have beautiful eyelashes, you should not worry about it. You can use false eyelashes for beautifying your eyes.
For that you need to go to the store and select the best lashes that suit your eyes and buy them. Then whenever you want to go for an event or other function you can wear it and beautify your eyes and impress and attract others. Sometimes all the related things also comes with the false eyelashes but sometimes you will have to buy like glue, tweezers etc. When you will apply them to your eyes nobody can feel a difference that they are your real lashes or false one. They can make your lashes thick, long and beautiful just in some minutes.
Here are some steps that can make it easy for you to apply the false eyelashes at home fast and easy.
You have a lot of options when it comes to false lashes. False eyelashes can be found in different lengths and colors. They may include three quarter pieces, full strips or individual clusters. If you get a full set of false eyelashes then it can provide you both length and thickness and will give your eyes an impressive look. They are also better that they don’t get enough time to do it than the individual eyelashes. You can also use individual eyelashes to make an attractive feathered look by employing at

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.189316
Retrieved Text: Eye Candy false lashes creates a soft, wispy look by combining natural hairs in a criss-crossed pattern that sweeps along the lash line with a wing tip at the ends. Lightweight, handmade and perfect for that effortlessly beautiful day look, these lashes are great for adding a little pick-me-up to your everyday makeup.
Coveted Cosmetics carry a large selection of reusable false eyelashes. Some customers out there believe they can only be used a single time for sanitary reasons but some department store retailers carry ones that sell for $15 – $30, making the cost of using them very expensive. It is perfectly sanitary to reuse Coveted Cosmetics Brand fake eyelashes, all you need to do is to follow a few simple steps to clean it.
The process of how to clean false eyelashes is actually extremely simple. First remove the fake eyelashes from your eyes. Then, using your fingers, try and remove as much of the dried up excess eyelash glue as you can by pulling them off the lashes. Then, you can use a cotton pad dabbed with some eyelash glue remover or makeup remover, wrap the pad around the lash line of the fake eyelashes and pull of any left over dried up glue. Once you have removed as much old eyelash glue as you can you can put the lashes back into its plastic case and they are ready to be used again.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.16981
Retrieved Text: Everything depends on the initial state of your eyelashes and the duration of use of Bimatoprost. In general, my cilia "asked" to repeat the course of treatment, somewhere in 2 months. Therefore, I decided for myself to use it once every two weeks to keep fit. But this, of course, after a full course of application Bimatoprost. In general, the remedy is wonderful, try it by all means.
How much will you use the drug so much and will last as soon as you finish, unfortunately, in a couple of months your cilia will come to their original state. Therefore, after achieving the maximum effect (which is different in all: after 1-2 bottles), you need to maintain the result.
Good afternoon! Personally, I do this: I use the month 2 times a day, the next month I apply Careprost to the cilia in 2-3 days (to maintain), and after that I give a month and a half to the cilia to rest and do not apply anything. As a result, the cilia remain the same healthy, but I agree with many that it feels that the effect begins to subside. After you can also in every 2 days, the agent is applied purely to maintain the effect. If the break was great and the eyelashes are already in a state of neglect, then you will have to start all over again and use Latisse every day.
In general, all in different ways, because all the girls have it individually, but here I personally had three months after I stopped

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.167398
Retrieved Text: Aramis Lashes is the top manufacturer and supplier of mink eyelashes. With rapid delivery, quality products and complete after-sales services,Aramims Lashes wins support and reliance from thousands of enterprises, and it has became a well-known supplier in handling mink eyelashes . We will pay more effort in designing and innovating new product so as to attract more customers.
In the past few years, many customers require us to improve the quality and develop new design of our products. Besides, some of them asked us to make our products to the highest level in the market. In this way, our customers will be more competitive and keep an invincible position in this competitive market.
As you know, not all the mink eyelashes are of the same quality. We really want to produce and supply products that are look good and completely different from the other wholesale. If you keep reading, you’ll know.
There years ago, we have produced mink eyelashes. At first，we produced more than 100 pairs of 3D mink eyelashes, then we gave them to our workers, friends and customers for free as a experiment. Thus, they will have the initial experience of the new products. And then we ask the feelings about using this mink eyelashes, whether they are comfortable, whether you feel natural in facing with mirror, and also ask the softness of the eyelash. Everyone will make a report at the end of trial, so that we can improve the quality of the eyelashes over and over again.
After hundreds of experiences and experiments, we could succeed

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.162481
Retrieved Text: Eyelash extensions have numerous advantages, although they are purely cosmetic. Adding them to your existing lashes, for instance, can make them look longer and thicker while keeping its natural feel. Needless to say, thicker lashes give your eyes a fuller and more open appearance as if they were enlarged, thus making your eyes even more appealing. They are ideal for those with drooping eyelids because longer eyelashes will make them look fresher.
You will find several kinds of synthetic extensions sold in the market today, with each of them having its own set of advantages and drawbacks, from how long it should take to put them on to how long they should be used. Furthermore, it depends on how quick your lashes grow and fall out. In general, lashes take 1 to 2 months, with a few of them shedding practically each day. Therefore, eyelash extensions normally last roughly a month, which obviously means that you need to replace them on a monthly basis.
Prior to adding synthetic eyelashes, you need to ensure that your natural lashes are clean, which means that they do not have oil, makeup residue or dirt that could spoil the glue. As soon as you complete the procedure, you must avoid washing your face for up to 4 hours because doing so will just mess up the adhesive. A lot of beauticians will tell you to steer clear of pools, saunas and bathing for a number of days after the treatment. Also, you must not use eyelash curlers to avoid eyelash splitting. Who

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.135038
Retrieved Text: This video is about a wonderful product that helps you to help yourself with all your eye care.
You really can remove your own ingrown eyelashes yourself…anywhere, and at any time…. even in the dark.
If your eyesight is poor you will NOT believe the magnification and the clarity with which you can see your eyelashes using this unique instrument. The lighting is brilliant and you can see every section of your eye.
It can be used to help you to apply your eye makeup and false eyelashes too. Nothing worse than your glasses getting in the way when you are trying to do your eye makeup and without your glasses, you usually can’t see a thing.
BUT with the Own Eye Magnifier you can see your eye and every eyelashes better in the mirror lens WITHOUT your glasses on.
I didn’t believe it until I tried it myself either but it really is amazing! I use my Magnifier daily to check for those annoying and painful ingrowing eyelashes.
I HONESTLY haven’t had ANYONE else remove eyelashes for me for years now, I do it myself.
It is truly an astounding product and pays for itself in no time!
I couldn’t tell you how much time, money and frustration I have saved since I received my Own Eye Magnifier. The independence it has given me is SO precious. My eyelashes still grow inwards BUT the difference is I can now take care of them myself.
It can also be used to help you to apply eye medication.I recently had to use eye ointment and my

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.080513
Retrieved Text: False eyelashes used to be something to wear when there is a big occasion. Nowadays, you can apply them even for normal days. Yes, they’re that popular and easy to get a hold of.
False lashes, eyelash extensions, or “falsies” can either be made from synthetic or real hair and they are applied to the eyelids just on top of the real eyelashes. The purpose of applying false lashes is to make your eyes “pop”. Falsies allow your eyes to look bigger, fuller, and wide awake which is always a good idea if you want to look your best.
There are three kinds of false lashes – individual lashes, half lashes, and strip lashes. These differ in the shape that they are sold. So, individual lashes would mean that in one strip, there are a few lashes (sometimes it only has one hence the name). The lashes are glued individually. Although time-consuming, this allows your eyelashes to look more natural because you can focus on areas that you want to emphasize.
For the half lashes, these are strips that cover half the length of your eye. This is often used if you want to have a winged effect, emphasizing the edge of your eye.
Lastly, the strip lashes are strips that cover the whole length of your eyelids. This is the easiest way to apply because you only have to add adhesive once. However, you have to make sure that the strip has the same length of your eyes so that there isn’t anything extending beyond your eyelid. As compared

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.875925
Retrieved Text: There is a famous saying that eyes are the window to your soul. There is definitely something very special about them and looking into someone’s eyes can be very captivating. So if you want people to notice your eyes more, why not enhance them with beautiful eyelashes that will make your look magical. If you don’t have naturally long and thick lashes or you want to enhance them, AiryHair offers 3D glued in eyelashes that are made of the real human hair. Synthetic ones are simply a waste of money and don’t blend in properly. Because we use human hairs, they will be indistinguishable from your natural ones. The best part? You can use our glue-in lashes repeatedly, for a very long time.
How to Pick the Right Eyelash Size?
AiryHair offer you as much as 10 different styles you can choose from. It all depends on the occasion you want the lashes for. If you’re looking for more of a daily look, go with the thinner and shorter ones, but if you need lashes for special occasions and parties, then go with a more glamorous look with long, full eyelashes.
The first thing that you want to do is make sure that the eyelashes are the right length for your eyes. They usually come a little bit longer than what you need so you’ll probably have to trim them. But you definitely don’t want to leave them too long because the lashes will look too heavy on the eyes. Also, make sure to cut the outer edge of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.835676
Retrieved Text: Wearing falsies can be tricky. But even though the whole shebang of putting it on is a lot harder than simply coating your lashes with mascara, it’s no rocket science either. So here, let actress Isabelle Daza show you how to properly do it without getting glue all over your peepers.
Directed by Manila Man, the video clip below will school you how to put on false eyelashes in just three easy steps. Watch and learn!
Not so hard, is it? You can do it, too!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.811434
Retrieved Text: They say that the eyes are the windows to the soul. If this is the case, then your lashes are the window frames. They make your eyes more beautiful. Long and well defined eyelashes make eyes look bigger, fuller and inviting. Unfortunately, not everybody are blessed with naturally long eyelashes.
Good thing that in these modern times, almost everything is possible. Women have come to great lengths when it comes to achieving a beautiful image. Beauty experts have invented false eyelashes. These “falsies” come in every different styles, colors and sizes. When applied correctly, false eyelashes can do great wonders to make your eyes more beautiful.
Step 1: Trim the false eyelashes. Make sure that the lashes fit your eyes. Trim one side of the lashes if it is wider than your eye.
Step 2: Put eyelash glue in a separate container (you can use the bask of your hand) and run the eyelash along the glue.
Step 3: Using tweezers, pick up the lashes and bring it as close as possible to your natural lash line.
Step 4: Apply pressure on the lashes so that it sticks to your lids and hold until the glue dries. It is good that you press the lashes from end to end.
Step 5: To bond the false lashes with your natural eyelashes, apply mascara while pressing your finger behind the fake eyelashes. You can also use an eyelash curler before applying mascara.
Step 6: Using eyeliner, fill any gaps between the false eyelashes and your natural lash line.
Applying false eyelashes is easy and simple as

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.791128
Retrieved Text: Women around the world want beautiful long lashes. We want the type of lashes that flutter and gracefully touch their check when they lower their eye lids. Most of us are not lucky enough to be genetically inclined to have this type of lashes. Ardell Invisibands false eyelashes has the answer to that problem and gives everyone the ability to have those long fluttery eye lashes. Get those unforgettable eyes frames with long beautiful lashes when you use Ardell Invisibands eye lashes. Stars , models and celebrities wear Ardell's lashes. They are the ones the stars use and trust.
Ardell Invisiband lashes are made with human hair. They are going to give you the most natural look of any eye lash that is available. They have an invisible band, which is where the name comes from. Each one is handmade and easy to apply. They are light weight and easy to wear. You put them on and you can immediately notice the difference. Your eye lashes will be fuller and longer. Only you will know that they aren't really your eye lashes. You are guaranteed to have the best quality out there.
Ardell Invisibands eyelashes are unique in the fact that not only can anyone afford them, but they come in size and colors for every eye. You are able to find the perfect type just for you and your eye. Makeup artist use them for their clients and leave raving reviews. They use them on the stars to give them that perfect look that everyone has come

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.749046
Retrieved Text: Description This merchandise is manufactured with premium materials for durable and lengthy-lasting use. The dense, curly and prolonged eyelashes are an accentuating factor to the facial beauty. A 3rd good thing about false eyelashes is that they make your makeup extra natural. If the esthetician does it best drugstore fake eyelashes in an hour, or makes you sit up, she’s reducing corners by "stacking" (a way that glues on three or more lashes directly), says Tran.
I mean, if a company places this a lot time and effort to make the packaging stunning, then how way more effort do they put into the actual product? I get up and she outdoes herself every time. Are these lashes bought with the glue? Beginning with the outer corner and gently peel off the glue in direction of the internal nook. On to software, I used the Companion Eyelash Glue from Esqido to see how it might work out. As soon as again, they hit the nail on the pinnacle with the packaging - I mean, is that this not essentially the most lovely tube of lash glue you’ve ever seen?
If not, tell us and we’ll help you discover the proper pair! College students that utilize this process usually find false eyelashes magnetic their training extra pleasant & rewarding. Losing eye lashes are natural process and it re-grows. Earlier than - DO: Take away all your eye make-up with a water primarily based makeup remover - even out of your bottom lashes. Would you like extra lashes in a sure

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.705414
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'The Beauty Cupboard' started by Golden_butterfly, Feb 20, 2004.
Was jus wondering,is it worth buying false eye lashes?
so uncomfortable and it's jus so much work u have to put into it.
Yeah, fake eyelashes are a pain to apply, but I think they're worth it. They're so fun!! I don't wear them on a regular basis but would definitely wear them to a party/club.
they're great, less eye makeup to remove at the end of the night. i've actually been looking for some, i have short eyelashes and all the ones i've tried (mac, drugstore brands) are really long and gaudy.
Go for individual falsies, much more natural looking than a full set.
all the ones i've tried (mac, drugstore brands) are really long and gaudy.
If they're too long give a trim with nail scissors - then they'll be exactly as you want them. Also trim them into individual sets/groups of eyelashes to give specific areas definition.
Use only surgical glue. The one that usually comes with the eyelashes is crap!
Apply a tiny layer of the glue on one and wait a minute for the glue to dry a bit. Use tweezers to hold the eyelashes.
Press the falsie on the exact center of your eye and the do the inner and outter part of the eye.
Keep your eye closed for about a minute and press again.
In the end you can apply mascara if you want to.
I think they are a pain! I tried puting them on yesterday...got so frustrated that I just threw everything against the wall. Grrrr. I wish

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.639132
Retrieved Text: Most women would love to have long, dark, beautiful eyelashes. It really makes their eyes pop and gives them a very dramatic and defined look. Many women decide to achieve longer, darker eyelashes using false eyelashes. Of course, this method has been used for years in order to achieve this goal. However, there are many downsides that come with using false eyelashes. If you have ever applied false eyelashes on your own, you know that it can be a messy deal that leaves you with less than desirable results. Also, they can get expensive, especially if you decide to have a professional apply them on a regular basis. And in the worst-case scenario, when removing them, you may pull out your own eyelashes. Thankfully, Latisse® can help you say goodbye to false eyelashes.
Latisse® is a special formula that is applied to the upper lash line. After it has been used for a few weeks, you will notice that your own eyelashes are longer, thicker and fuller. You should be able to achieve the same results that you see when using false eyelashes, but they will be your own lashes. There’s no messy glue to deal with, there’s no uncomfortable heavy feeling on your upper lash line and there’s no worrying about them falling off when you are in public.
You need to have a prescription in order to use Latisse®. When you come in for your first consultation, we will look at your lash line and ask about your medical history. We want to be sure that

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.638865
Retrieved Text: The best way to apply mascara like a pro is by following a series of steps and tips which I have researched by asking a makeup professional. To properly put on mascara on eyes you need some tools and a little confidence.
Being a beauty blogger, a common query that so many people inquire about is precisely what mascara shade one should apply and how to apply. I pretty much never get out of the building without mascara due to the fact that I sense it is one of the best attraction gaining cosmetic product which is able to add charm and beauty to my eyes. But in the case of mascara, even I am not an expert so what I did is I took help from an expert to prepare this tutorials.
Recently for my college project I had visited to nearby beauty salon to research about Indian Makeup. There I met professional makeup artist. She was busy in doing makeup of Punjabi bride. You know the lash of that bride was looking amazing. When I asked artist, the secret behind her lashes she explained me the importance of applying mascara.
Today in this post will share with you professional way to apply mascara.
Curl your eyelashes – with the help of eyelashes curler, curl your lashes. Press and hold eyelashes curler for 10 seconds to get perfect curled eyelashes.
Mascara primer – applying primer is 1st step in applying mascara.
Take mascara which you want to apply.
Twist the bottle nicely with the help of applicator present inside mascara.
With the help

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.580364
Retrieved Text: One other important idea to consider is whether you require waterproof or non-waterproof mascara. Whenever you have finished curling and lengthening your eyelashes, have a look to make certain they look great.https://alleyelashes.com/velour/ Because my own eyelashes are short to start with, I went for the pure length.
In actual fact, you may start utilizing an Elvis hairpiece. Your mind is excellent for fixing math complications however the Quiet Head that clear of opinionation contributes to authentic impulse. Each colour must match the type of situation together with enough time you are going to put on the imitation eye lashes.
The standard kind of mascara is well suited for every daily usage. A alternative is put to the lashes by using just a brush. There really are a handful.
They that are overly long may lead to irritation when hairs fall in the attention. Like most hairs, that they depend about the well-being of the hair follicle. The same eyelashes are affected by genetics and that is the reason why many folks would not have longer eyelashes.
You’ve got a couple eyelash development enhancers that might be bought with out a prescription. Then you have to read up which herbs can give In the event you would like to know howto create your lashes expand. Eyelash conditioners get the job done by providing your eyelashes and skin together with the critical ingredients and minerals.
The standard of faux eyelashes has significantly improved through the years. You’re able to change up the appearance of your lashes everyday by applying a different style of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.460308
Retrieved Text: I got these lashes from Influenster, and I recently tried them out!
Just to remind you, I’m supposed to write reviews and let you know what I think about everything I got, so here it is, a 100% honest post!
I’ve only used false lashes once before, so I am by no means an expert on how to put them on, but I did watch this video that helped!
They were pretty easy to get on, and the glue wasn’t too stick so it didn’t stick to my finger or glue my eye shut. These lashes made my eyelashes look a little bit more full, I personally have long lashes so I can’t say that they added a lot of length for me, but they looked natural and something I could wear for a day to night look. They really do look so natural!
If you don’t want to look like you have crazy fake eyelashes, but you need a little more umph, then I would definitely suggest these!

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Find spices easily in the kitchen.

Choice 1: Arrange spices from hot to mild in the kitchen in order to find them by taste.

Choice 2: Arrange your spices alphabetically to make finding them easy.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.058563
Retrieved Text: Spices: infinite possibilities, finite space.
A good spice collections can breathe life into any kitchen. The right spices can make or break a meal, and the bigger the collection, the better! The only problem? Spices take up a ton of space! There they are, packed away in their individual and inconsistently-sized containers. They fall from the cupboard while you fumble with five or six of them in your arms, as the rest tumble to the floor. This is why a drawer insert is so useful. It adds a whole new level of organization to your kitchen.
There are, however, a couple of problems with a spice rack. First off, it doesn’t give you a lot of space. If you’re truly crazy about spices, you probably have more than will fit into a spice rack. You’ll end up having to relegate some of them to the cupboard. Second, you might not have the space on your wall to keep a spice rack.
If you’ve gone out of your way to build the perfect collection, you need all the space you can get!
I know how to keep a cast iron tea pot really clean. Check it out.
Spend less time rooting around for the perfect spices, and more time using them!
Step forward the kitchen drawer insert: the ideal tool for the space-conscious chef. They don’t need to be particularly beautiful. After all, they’re stowed away in the kitchen drawer. But, they do need to be well-designed. A poorly-designed drawer insert is a nightmare if you’ve already purchased it. No one wants to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.165955
Retrieved Text: This summer I accidentally happened upon a genius find while grocery shopping one day! As I was browsing the kitchen gadgets I found some magnetic spice jars on clearance. I had never seen anything like this before and I couldn’t believe what an amazing solution this was to my ever frustrating problem of digging spices in and out of my cabinet every time I needed them! Naturally, I grabbed every single one of them and promptly went home to organize all of my spices. Originally, I had planned to chalkboard-paint a cookie sheet or tray, pen a clever little quote on it, and display it on a mini easel stand on the counter top so my spices would be on display at hands-reach on the counter. I still think this is a super cute idea, but I just don’t have the extra space on my counter tops! I decided to “temporarily” put them on my refrigerator until I could work this out and I ended up loving it so they are still there. I labeled the sides of them but since most of the spices are recognizable through the little window I find it SO convenient to grab the few spices I plan to use each time and then quickly and easily put them back. I can’t believe I cooked for so many years with a complete nightmare of a spice cabinet! My only problem is that once I started filling the jars I was totally hooked and I realized I needed more! Yikes! They were

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.02824
Retrieved Text: We like to keep our kitchen clean and beautiful. So in this video I have shown how to organize spices in a way that they are easily reachable and you can locate them easily. I have also shown a way in which you can keep a check on their expiry easily.
This video shows kitchen organizing ideas and tips and shows how to organize spices and keep them fresh for long.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.698664
Retrieved Text: Potato tawa sandwich recipe has all the ingredients easily available in your kitchen. i bet you never tasted such sandwich. my mom made this sandwich with the best filling i love which was potatoes. she made it in a such easy manner that it seems like anybody can make it. aloo sandwich are always my first choice over any other sandwich. In my channel indian food made easy all my recipes are made with ingredients we can easily find in our kitchen or local shops. We love cooking and we make breakfast recipes, Indian snacks, recipes for kids, north Indian food, south Indian food, and pretty much all kind of Indian food. I love making Indian breakfast recipes using Indian spices and I hope you will find these recipes interesting too.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.568918
Retrieved Text: Above all else, your kitchen pantry should be convenient for you to use. However, most pantries quickly turn into a confusing jumble of cans, spices, packets, and boxes—all placed at random places, with no rhyme or reason. This means that when you need to find a particular item in your pantry cabinet, there’s no guarantee that you will easily find it. Fortunately, reorganizing your kitchen pantry in Phoenix into a useful storage space doesn’t have to be a chore. As this helpful video demonstrates, making your pantry functional is a simple task. Keeping all of your cans in a visible and easily accessible place, designating specific places for specific items, and buying airtight containers to store opened food such as dry pasta will all help you streamline your pantry and prevent clutter.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.446037
Retrieved Text: It’s time to get your spices organized!! Organizing your spices can make a big difference in your kitchen. Bring a little efficiency and convenience to your kitchen with these 10 spice storage solutions you don’t want to miss!
Last week I shared all about our spice cabinet organization and shared some free cut files for spice jar labels with you. It felt so good to get this little organization project done. Since we moved into our new fixer upper, things have been a bit of a mess. Having everything in such a disarray was killing me a little bit, so even a small win like organizing a pretty spice cabinet was a game changer.
Since I’ve got spice storage on my mind, I thought I’d share some of my favorite ideas from Etsy with these 10 spice storage solutions you don’t want to miss.
If you’re new here, welcome!! On the first of every month, I share a round up of Etsy products to encourage to you shop small! Buying from Etsy means you’re supporting small business owners and that’s totally awesome. If you want to keep the shop small thing going, check out the Making Manzanita Facebook page where I share my favorite “shop small find” of the week on Saturday mornings.
This under cabinet spice rack easily and securely mounts under your upper kitchen cabinets and safely tucks away when not in use, freeing up valuable space and removing clutter. It keeps all of your spices lined up, easy to access and view. Stores up to 16 large

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.573582
Retrieved Text: What? If you find that you’ve got more spice than you can handle with the upcoming festive season, try one of these spice caddies from Emma Bridgewater. The handy little tins will keep your spices safe and you can label and re-label as you see fit. The understated Black Toast Hatch design will easily blend into any kitchen, even the busiest. Priced at £15 for a set of four.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.239769
Retrieved Text: The lack of storage space is one of the problems we are most often confronted with, in the kitchen. The smaller the kitchen, the fewer our options, so there is no wonder that, in many cases, things tend to pile up.
Luckily, there are solutions to organize our kitchen shelves, and by scheduling this operation in spring, you can combine it with the traditional cleaning.
First, we should consider installing more shelves, if we need more storage space. An open, vertical, multi-shelf storage cabinet, installed on a wall will save a lot of space and it is a great alternative to massive cabinets placed directly on the floor.
Take advantage of every available corner. The wall next to the kitchen countertop can be a great place to install a few extra shelves for products used frequently: spices, coffee and/ or aromatic plants stored in nicely decorated jars, but also baskets filled with fruits and vegetables. This way, you can easily find and reach them when you need them.
If you have shelves inside some kitchen cabinets too, you can use separators, to have your things better arranged. In larger cabinets, you can choose to install some pull out shelves Denver retailers sell, which are great to store larger objects, because you will be able to reach them more easily.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.166588
Retrieved Text: When you have a small kitchen, our storage solutions and boxes will make your life easier. Keep your favorite spices, coffee or even tea at hand. When you finish your day at work, you just want to find your pastas or rice easily. So fall for all our storage boxes : Storing box, box mania, club jar. They are the smartest and safest solution for your food. Quit using all your plastic box, turn to our glass boxes : hygienic, non-porous, and eco-friendly !

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.078089
Retrieved Text: No kitchen remodel would be complete without kitchen accessories! Here, Lakeville Kitchen & Bath offers 10 suggestions for accessorizing your kitchen, both functionally and decoratively.
Bring a touch of rustic charm into the kitchen while keeping your spices organized with glass fido or mason jars. Use an embossed label maker or chalkboard stickers to DIY your own labels!
These days the choices for knife blocks seems limitless. Magnetic strips affixed to the kitchen wall are a popular knife storage choice due to their ability to save counter space. Wooden boxes filled with bamboo skewers, dried pasta or beans also make for fun and eclectic knife blocks, as do old books.
Decorative ceramic wares add a pop of personality to any space. The slight imperfections of handmade pottery brings a certain air of character to your kitchen, and most pieces can be personalized to suit your personal tastes. Antique Pyrex pieces have also become wildly popular in recent years. Not only do these make for super vintage, trendy decor, but some dishes are now worth hundreds.
Long gone are the days of clumsily stacking heavy plates and platters; now there are dozens of plate storage accessories to keep your dishes safe and you kitchen organized. Holders allow you to easily lift whole stacks of plates when entertaining, and pegs installed in base drawers create an convenient and aesthetically pleasing storage solution.
A must-have accessory for those who love working in the kitchen, pot fillers eliminate the hassle of carrying heavy pots from sink to stove top. If you're willing to invest a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.764547
Retrieved Text: Spices are the best ingredients to give your meals distinctive flavors with your unique touches of cooking. As they are important to give your family a perfect gathering meal with passion, you need to be creative when it comes to storing your spices which add functionality and beauty. How to store your spices with uniqueness and creativity to easy access with beautiful appealing is possible; so let’s take a look at how to do so.
Above all, let me cheer you up that there is a variety of spice storage containers that add beauty and functionality to your kitchen as accent pieces. In addition, there is a variety of way and options to store these spice containers creatively and functionality with a pleasant appearance. Let’s start that funny journey of creativity.
These creative ideas to store your spice tend to save space or use space creatively either for an easy access and easy use or for making the most use of a small space. so whether you have a small or large kitchen, some of these ideas will absolutely work well for your space.
A great way to use the inside area of your cabinet or beneath it is to create a spice rack to hang on one of these spots. Another rack ideas are to get a magnetic rack that holds your daily used spice containers while the rarely used spices could be stored on any of your cabinet drawers or shelves depending on how often you usually use them.
Do you ever think about getting your spices stored

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.71133
Retrieved Text: I’m not really sure whether it is the "cook" in me that gave me the motivation to become a professional chemist or the "chemist" in me that gives me culinary ideas to transform my kitchen into a chemistry lab. I have always enjoyed cooking, scrubbing pots and pans and relaxing in an aroma-filled kitchen at the end of the day after returning home from work. Herbs, spices, and lentils have always played a major role in my experiments, and I have always believed in creating concoctions with what is available in my kitchen cabinet and coming up with recipes to satisfy my lifestyle and taste buds. The recipes on this site will be referred to either as TAC, meaning “Traditional Art of Cooking,” or TIC, meaning “Transformed International Cuisine”. At Lulu’s TACTICs, we hope to share the method to convert a TAC to a TIC and call it your tradition for future generations.
Herbs have been used for generations for their medicinal properties. Cooking with herbs is fun and it is easy to convert any TAC recipe into a delectable TIC to satisfy your taste buds.
Spices have been used in all cultures for generations to add an extra dimension to the concoctions that cooks create in the kitchen. If you don't like a dish because you don't like one of the spices, replace it with your favorite one to create a TIC meal.
Lentils are a vegetarian alternative to meat, poultry and fish. By exploiting the taste and texture of different lentils, you can easily create meals for

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.682152
Retrieved Text: The items came so quickly. Haven't put them up, yet - but excited to do so. I am using these to replace your product - the small squares. At my age, I was having a difficult time opening the small tin. These will be perfect because I had ordered a few of them a while ago. I also ordered bolder printed labels so that will show up easier in the dark cabinet interior. Love your product.
I love your product - I get comments on my spice rack all the time- it may have even helped sell my old house with my super small kitchen - lol.
Worked so well in my kitchen I bought some for my craft and sewing room!
Kitchen organization is the key to a happier chef. That's why I have designed some amazing options to keep your spices organized and to keep you focused on the art of cooking. A typical cabinet spice rack leaves you with few options to customize your spices which can sometimes make it hard to clearly see what you are reaching for. Custom magnetic spice racks can provide you with a perfect spice storage solution. Versa-Tin® spice rack canisters can easily be used on a cabinet, wall, or inside a drawer for quick access to the spices you need. If you aren't sure where these magnets would work in your kitchen then you can easily add one of our magnetic Versa-Boards or magnetic sheets to any surface you choose. These solutions will ensure that your spice tins will stay

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.612076
Retrieved Text: Organizing Kitchen Cabinet – How To Do It?
Kitchen Cabinet Organization Ideas. Kitchens are certainly the most used and most important room in your house. But most often your kitchen seems to be too messy for you to work comfortably. Not only the kitchen tables or floors but the most unorganized place in any kitchen is certainly the cabinets which are often filled with unused items or expired foods and spices.
While organizing kitchen cabinets there are some essential steps that you need to follow. If your kitchen is properly organized then you don’t need to spend a lot of time looking out for things that you need while working in the kitchen. It also saves you a lot of space and helps you avoid any mishaps. But the best thing is that you can work in a healthy and fresh environment.
- The first step to organize kitchen cabinets is to remove all the items from it.
- Then sort out the things which are necessary and get rid of all the unnecessary items and put them in the dustbin.
- Carefully clean the cabinets to disinfect it.
- Then place the food and spices into separate containers and label them accordingly. After that put them in the cabinets where they belong.
- For kitchen tools such as knives etc use separate cabinets.
- Use a separate cabinet to hold all your glasses and crockery.
- Place the utensils also in a separate cabinet.
- You can also add a storage pantry to place all your foods while organizing kitchen cabinets.
Organizing kitchen cabinets may seem

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.506044
Retrieved Text: Your own kitchen can seem boring at times. Deciding to make cooking your newest hobby alters this perception. Your kitchen then becomes a place you enjoy, and the end product is a wonderful meal that you can share with others. Read on for some great cooking tips.
Always bake pie and tart crusts for longer than the recipe specifies for best results. Rather than pale blonde, they should have a golden caramel color. The golden color indicates that the sugar in the pie crust has caramelized and this will give a sweet and crisp flavor.
Do not keep your herbs or spices in a place that is not cool and dark. Your spices will not last as long if they are exposed to light, heat or humidity. Always keep your spices in a dark and cool location to extend their longevity. You can prepare tastier meals if you use fresher spices.
In a lot of cases, burgers will become stuck on the grill, and forcibly removing them will make them all misshapen. You can use a brush to apply some vegetable oil to the grill and make it to where nothing will stick to it.
When storing sugar, baking mixes, or flour in your kitchen, use containers that are airtight. You can protect your food from bugs and keep them fresher using an airtight container. These containers are easily purchased online or at your local department or even grocery stores. Wherever you get them from, the freshness of any food you intend to store in them is well worth the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.503729
Retrieved Text: kitchen spices storage esylife 4 tier wall mount spice rack organizer large kitchen spice storage shelf white wire rack spice storage professional kitchen spice racks kitchen wire rack spice storage perfect types astounding spice shelf shelves spices in cabinet n.
kitchen spices storage wall mounted 360 degree rotating spice rack kitchen seasoning storage box jars organizer condiment containers kitchenware best spice rack ideas how to organize spices of.
kitchen spices storage a spice rack on the door would be nice spice storage ideas for small spaces improvements blog solutions spice storage ideas for small spaces improvements blog solutions spices kitchen.
kitchen spices storage spice organization ideas kitchen spices storage ideas storage ceiling kitchen storage best spice storage ideas on clever solutions for storing your spices lipper international blog clever solutions for storing your spices.
kitchen spices storage spice jar storage box inside cupboard spice rack cheap spice rack spice jar storage box inside cupboard spice rack cheap spice rack with spices spice racks for sale.
kitchen spices storage exquisite transparent acrylic plate spice jar creative kitchen flavoring storage box storage bottles in storage bottles jars from home garden on diy clever kitchen spices organization ideas.
kitchen spices storage spice rack solutions kitchen cabinet spice storage solutions best spice racks under cabinet spice rack plans under cabinet spice best spice racks cabinet door spice rack kitchen cabinet door spice rack best racks for cabinets best spice racks kitchen.
kitchen spices storage use for spices loose teas cake sprinkles and other little kitchen bits that you want to keep well sealed and organized organizing your

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.45732
Retrieved Text: Discover easier ways to store items in your bathroom or kitchen with a cabinet door organizer from Organize-It. These storage solutions hook easily over cabinet doors or mount directly to the door to easily store spices, cleaning supplies, towels, and more. The over cabinet storage basket, pictured here, is a great solution to your bathroom storage needs. Keep cleaning supplies neatly stored underneath the kitchen sink or bathroom sink for easy clean-ups. Use the over the door baskets in the bathroom to keep beauty supplies off the counter yet easily accessible for everyday use. These wire baskets are designed to take advantage of previously unused space to give you more storage.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.31632
Retrieved Text: Kitchen organization saves time and stress. When your favorite things that you use regularly are at your fingertips, it makes the time spent in your kitchen a real joy. Kitchens are the heart of most homes. With the regular traffic, the meals, the cleanup, the items in this space are easily thrown in the wrong drawer or shelf. Then when you need these items, they are nowhere to be found.
To ensure your kitchen remains in excellent order, we compiled these organization tips to include efficient storage solutions.
A great suggestion is to install drawers and shelves for pots and pans into in your cabinets. This lets you store all your cookware in one efficient spot. Another suggestion is to use S-hooks to hang pots and pans from a stainless steel rack on a kitchen wall. Or, purchase a pegboard, paint it, and install it as a backsplash to make a nice addition to your kitchen. If you have extra space on the door to your pantry, install rods to organize all your lids in one place.
Measure your cabinets for the right size container. Organize your plastic containers to ensure that the lids and containers match then, get rid of the unmatched or damaged pieces. Put the lids into one basket and the containers in a separate basket. Measure and cut washi tape so they fit into the metal bookplates. Label your containers and put them over the washi tape strips. Use an adhesive to secure your bookplates on the front of the baskets. Push the baskets into

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.293177
Retrieved Text: We love to cook, but sometimes it can be a challenge in our tiny galley kitchen, especially when it comes to storage and cabinet space. Our cabinets unfortunately look like all of our closets, with everything strategically placed in a jigsaw-sort-of-fashion that requires you to pull out 5 things in order to retrieve the item you went in for – and this really just wasn’t working for our spices. Who wants to pull out cumin, oregano, curry powder, coriander, tarragon, and cinnamon just to get to the garlic powder? Not us!
So, we thought on the topic and I scoured the internet and Pinterest to find a better solution. We considered drawer inserts (which weren’t good due to the lack of drawers in our kitchen), counter-top spice-spinner things (which couldn’t hold enough jars), stackable shelves for inside the cabinets (we already have a lack of cabinet space), but none of the options really seemed to measure up to the idea I had in my head.
We use a lot of spices regularly, and I wanted somewhere where we could easily see and access all of them. Somewhere where we could keep a good inventory of what we had so that I would stop buying a new jar of nutmeg every fall when I wanted to bake a pie… And if the spices were easily visible like this all the time, they needed to look presentable. I then started looking at shelving and jars, and I looked, and looked, and looked some more.
Until I found the perfect ledges –

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.271248
Retrieved Text: Even after an extreme ‘KonMari-ing’ of my kitchen, I’ve still got a little too much stuff to fit in the cupboards, and not enough storage space to keep everything looking neat. So an extra storage cabinet was the obvious answer.
But with the kitchen in my 1950s home being decades old, there was no way that I would be able to find more fitted units to match. So my thoughts turned to DIYing something a little different and that’s when the pallet pantry project was dreamt up!
There’s a building site nearby and they’ve always got a stack of pallets that they want to give away – with a big “free pallets” sign on them. So, knowing that I had easy access to some pallets, I decided to put the wood to good use.
I decided to recycle the pallets to create a ‘pantry’ unit that contains shelving for tins, jars and sauces. I thought that incorporating a chalkboard and cork pinboard into the cupboard doors would also be a handy addition for lists and notes.
After regularly dropping jars of spices onto the worktop after rummaging through a cupboard to find the right seasoning, I thought it was essential to include a spice rack in the pallet pantry. That way, I can keep my spices close to hand so that they’re easily accessible during cooking.
So that’s how the design of the pallet pantry came together and all that was left was to get my talented husband to help me deconstruct the pallets and to put together my new kitchen

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.234558
Retrieved Text: I love a clean and organized kitchen. I also love when my spices are organized. YouCopia has just the thing we all need, the SpiceStack. You can read more about YouCopia Below.
YouCopia was founded in 2006 by father-daughter duo Mark and Lauren Greenwood. Mark, an inventor with 30+ years experience in housewares, hardware, pet and juvenile industries, worked with product engineer Brian McLain to design and develop a concept that would challenge the traditional meaning of a "spice rack".
The SpiceStack smartly organizes store-bought spices in the kitchen cabinet. The unique horizontal drawers flip down to reveal spice bottle labels for easy selection and return while cooking. More than 400,000 SpiceStacks have been sold to date because it works so well! The concept is also great in our new line of coffee pod organizers, including the CoffeeStack and CaféStack.
I am amazed with the product completely. The SpiceStack organizes your spices. The SpiceStack holds 18 spices easily or 36 half- spice bottles. It even comes with pre printed labels for you to use! There are labels that are blank so that you can add your own spices too. There are spices missing on my bottom rack because I am just picky about what spices I add where. There is pepper , onion powder, garlic and special seasoning on there though. My middle rack consists of my sugar and cinnamon and a lot of sprinkles. The top rack has the stuff that I don't use often, such as mustard, chili seasoning, etc.
This SpiceStack is just awesome. It completely changed

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.0638
Retrieved Text: I'm in the kitchen making dinner. I need a spice that can't be found. I search my cabinet to find the spice hidden back behind all those other spices. I'm disgusted that it took me more than one minute to find this spice. I'm disappointed in my organizing skills and determined there must be a better way. I'm in the middle of dinner so I don't have time to run to the store. I know that I want to have risers so that I can see the spices hidden in the back. I'm not sure the store would even carry a riser for such a small space. In that perfect moment my determination breeds creativity!
Here is how I created a homemade riser for my small kitchen cabinet space.
I got a box of pasta, removed the spaghetti noodles and cut the box in half. I needed the box to be sturdy so I stuffed it as full as I could with newspaper.
I couldn't possibly stare at a sliced up box of pasta in my spice cabinet so I needed something to make it inconspicuous. I wrapped the boxes with brown butcher paper.
Ta-da! My five minute riser is done and works great. My spice bottles fit perfectly.
Here is the second riser. The riser on the back row I placed vertically. The riser on the front row I placed horizontally. It worked perfect!
This is so much better. I can see all the spices and hopefully find what I am looking for in under one minute next time. In case

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.981081
Retrieved Text: What kind of shelving idea that you have in the kitchen? You can trust me that the design of your shelving unit in the kitchen more or less influences the nuance of the room. of course, since you have large storage to do well with the stuff, you cannot save the space for navigation need. In this case, living in scrumbled vibe is no better than to minimize the furniture. Therefore, dealing with ideal shabby chic kitchen design is the perfect way to get your kitchen appears bit larger!
Stuffing the shelves up on the wall is the smartest idea to get your kitchen well organized, and of course it is so helpful for you with small kitchen design. coloring the shelvesin soft peach tone is stunning to achieve the shabby chic tone brough in the air.
In addition, shaping ladder on the wall is the perfect idea so you can see not only texture but also beautiful pattern. in this design, you can choose the neutral white color to bath all of the stuff for super perfect wall unit!
Furthermore, you can try to have hanging storage above the island. It is actually what you can easily find in some country french kitchen. It is so much helpful because you don’t need to spare any other space.
Combining wall spices rack in the kitchen with wall frame target must be perfect! The white tone is just melting to the white painted wall. With various table wall colors and pottery, you can expect it to be additional decoration!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.95774
Retrieved Text: Mmmm ... that rich, savory, concentrated flavor of a homemade stock. It brings you home with every taste. Infuse quality in everything you cook, from soups to gravies and more – with Kitchen Basics stocks.
Try Kitchen Basics Stock in any one of these wholesome varieties, including organic: Chicken (conventional & organic), Unsalted Chicken, Beef (conventional & organic), Unsalted Beef, Unsalted Vegetable, Organic Vegetable, Turkey, Seafood, and Organic Creamy Bean & Vegetable.
Kitchen Basics Stocks are full-flavored liquids prepared by simmering meat, poultry, seafood or vegetables for hours in water with herbs and spices, until the flavor is extracted. It has a rich, hearty taste – one that serves as the perfect flavor-building ingredient. Add your own herbs, salt or spices to easily adjust the flavor profile to your own cooking needs!
Kitchen Basics stock is not just a key ingredient for your favorite soups, sauces, pasta, marinades and vegetables – it's a healthier one. Certified heart-healthy by the American Heart Association®, it’s low in saturated fat and cholesterol. All Natural. No MSG added. Gluten-free.
We reduce the risk of allergen reactions by specifying that our Kitchen Basics ingredients must not contain milk, eggs, peanuts, glutens, or tree nuts. We do not add MSG.
What are you in the mood for? There are countless ways to add Kitchen Basics stock to your cooking – whether you use it as a base for homemade soups, the secret to great-tasting leftovers, or the missing ingredient in your mashed potatoes.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.867651
Retrieved Text: I’m sharing how to organize spices in a small kitchen without using shelf or drawer space with this easy Ikea hack. I organized my spices two years ago on the wall of my pantry and this has been the best solution to save space and keep my spices organized I’ve tried yet.
These wall racks freed up a huge amount of space that I desperately needed in my little kitchen.
I love my small kitchen. But this tight space brings challenges. The few cabinet I have are used for dishes. The one on the left side of the microwave is 9 inches wide and it was a nightmare trying to find spices in that narrow cabinet!
I used a 22 inch wide section of unused wall space next to the shelves in my pantry to hang several of these Ikea wall bars and baskets.
I hung them all in less than an hour.
They hold a lot of spice bottles, and different shaped bottles are no problem.
My spices stay neat and organized all the time. Finding a particular spice and keeping track of what I own is now a breeze.
This little hanging cup is from Ikea also. I spray painted a few of these to match the painted wall paper in my pantry. They keep lots of little things organized like spice packets and bag clips.
I used to do that all the time.
I also don’t buy multiples of the same spice because I can always see what I have, and making my shopping list when I’m low on a favorite spice

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.761366
Retrieved Text: Recipes for Health Bliss by Susan Smith Jones, Ph.D. + FREE Culinary Herbs Booklet With CD - Penn Herb Co. Ltd.
Dr. Susan Smith Jones shares the secrets for preparing fast, irresistible, nutrient-rich meals, snacks and desserts even your family will love.
And don't worry if you're not a cook, the dishes are simple and use ingredients easily found at your farmer's market, natural-food store, or any large supermarket.
Gift Bonus: Culinary Herbs - Discover the Healing Secrets in Your Spice Rack booklet - The nutrients and antioxidants in common kitchen spices have the potential to fight cancer, diabetes, and Alzheimer's. Discover the health benefits of cumin, cloves, fennel, nutmeg, turmeric, oregano and other popular spices!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.675539
Retrieved Text: Are you a foody? Do you crave for spicy food? Did you know all these spices have a history behind? You may wonder about the different spices and how it helps to add flavor in our food. Our mothers find it very effortless to make different delicacies blending these spices? But for beginners, it may be a big thing to comprehend.
A spice is a seed, fruit, root, bark, berry, bud or vegetable substance chiefly used for flavoring, coloring or preserving food. Further spices are distinguished from herbs and they also have antimicrobial properties. Therefore, spices are used in different area like medicine, religious rituals, cosmetics or perfume production or as a vegetable. In addition to these features, spices tend to have strong flavor and are used in small quantities and spices tend to add few calories to food especially those made from seeds, contain high portions of fat, protein, and carbohydrate by weight and however, can contribute significant portions of micronutrients to the diet.
Himachal Pradesh are the biggest hubs for the growth and development of spices. The value and demand of India spices is not limited to India only, there is a huge demand of Indian spices in overseas as well. That’s why they are highly exported to other countries.
Kitchen Treasures is a brand that gives you 100% pure, 100%authentic, 100%good, 100% wholesome and 100% qualitative spices, masala, pastes and many more products that will give you the dash of India in every iota. Kitchen Treasures is from the house of Synthite, the world’s largest producer

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.67422
Retrieved Text: Kitchen Organizational Tips: How You Can Declutter Your Kitchen Today!
If you have ever experienced issues with little to no room while you cook and are looking for kitchen organizational tips, then you came to the right place!
Do you know what the number one problem that people face in their kitchen? Not having enough room! The problems that people specify vary. The busy mom who works all day may find that when she gets home to cook, there is simply no room to cook.
An adult woman whose children are away at college may want to throw dinner parties but lacks the space to have everyone in the kitchen. Or even couples who love to cook and have every kitchen gadget out there, yet the lack of room in their kitchen makes it impossible to truly enjoy cooking any more.
These are all problems that can be minimized through organizing and decluttering your kitchen. And the best part, you can do this over one long weekend!
What are the Steps to Organize Your Kitchen?
There are several steps that you are going to want to follow in order to organize your kitchen.
The first step in organizing your kitchen is to ditch the clutter that is seen in the kitchen. The good news is that there are several ways in which you can do this that are budget friendly.
Here are a few tips to keep you started!
1. Get rid of those gadgets that you may never use or have no desire to use. For example, that ice cream maker that was given

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.635115
Retrieved Text: Salt & Pepper Grinder Set of 2 Stainless Steel Pump One Hand Operated With Stands Mini Thumb Push Mill - Mini salt & pepper mill set is great for medium sized peppercorns, sea salt, spices and himalayan salt these minimalistic style grinders will make a perfect addition to your kitchen and dinner table. Clear acrylic panel for viewingclear acrylic panel helps you see when to refill the mill it is tough and durable, easy to clean. Customer guaranteecustomers an excellent shopping experience, if you have any questions or troubles, please feel free to contact us, we will reply you within 24 hours and do our best to achieve 100% in customer satisfaction. Your kitchen matestainless steel small compact size salt and pepper grinder set are built to last a lifetime it is a set of two spice grinders perfect to grind spices like salt and black pepper, or other spices used for seasonings like mace, nutmeg , himalayan salt, etc. Perfect designat about 6″ tall they don’t take up a lot of valuable table spacethe diameter of the cylinder is a perfect fit in your hand.
Le Creuset of America Petite Salt and Pepper Mill Set, 5″ x 2″, Caribbean - Crafted to release maximum flavor when grinding salt or pepper, the colorful mills are durable and easy to clean.
Haomacro Pepper Grinders,Clear Acrylic Creative Hand Operated Salt and Pepper Mill Set, Salt Shakers with Ceramic Grinding Core, Silver–Pack of 2 - Perfect kitchen gadgets fully separable designed, simply take off grinder for easy wash and clean 100%

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.597563
Retrieved Text: Since we spend a fair amount of time each day in the kitchen preparing meals Parker has really started to show interest in helping us. While he has the best intentions and we try to include him in as many daily tasks as possible, it isn’t always safe or convenient for him to be playing by our feet. Lately we have noticed that Parker would try to mimic things we were doing in the kitchen with whatever he could find in his play area. We took the hint and started researching play kitchens from some of our favorite companies.
There were a few things we wanted to keep in mind when we began our search. The first was safety. Since we are expecting a baby girl in a few weeks it was important to find something that didn’t contain a lot of small pieces we would have to worry about once she started crawling and getting curious. The second was finding a good quality kitchen at a reasonable price that was both sturdy and lightweight. I wanted to be able to move the kitchen when I was vacuuming or when I got in the mood to rearrange the playroom, which happens a lot. We turned to Step2 as we have several of their products and have always been impressed with their quality.
Special thanks to Step2 for providing the Mixin’ Up Magic Kitchen in return for my honest review. As always, all opinions are my own and I do not recommend products I don’t believe in or use

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: Sentence: peeler

Choice 1: can be used as a decoration on a television 

Choice 2: can be used as a decoration on a sock 

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.324646
Retrieved Text: Product categories of Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler, we are specialized manufacturers from China, Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler, High Quality Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler suppliers/factory, wholesale high-quality products of Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler Details R & D and manufacturing, we have the perfect after-sales service and technical support. Look forward to your cooperation!
Packaging:All items would be well packed in carton box, some machine in wooden packaging, all additional and special printing, labeling, bar codes etc. request will be subject to additional charges.
All items would be well packed in carton box, some machine in wooden packaging, all additional and special printing, labeling, bar codes etc. request will be subject to additional charges.
Here you can find the related products in Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler, we are professional manufacturer of Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler,High Quality Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler,Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler Details, Guangzhou Shinelong Kitchen Equipment Co., Ltd.. We focused on international export product development, production and sales. We have improved quality control processes of Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler to ensure each export qualified product.
If you want to know more about the products in Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler, please click the product details to view parameters, models, pictures, prices and other information about Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler,High Quality Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler,Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler Details, Guangzhou Shinelong Kitchen Equipment Co., Ltd..
Whatever you are a group or individual, we will do our best to provide you with accurate and comprehensive message about Potato Peeler/VegetableFruit Cutter/Sausage Filler!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.125996
Retrieved Text: Day by day, the prices are increasing of each and everything which we use in our daily life and so it is to the best vegetable peeler america's test kitchen. It doesn’t matter that you buy the best vegetable peeler america's test kitchen in an online store or offline in any shop, you will find super high prices. The only thing is that you might the prices of the best vegetable peeler america's test kitchen a little lower in an online webstore. And you won’t usually find sales with huge discount on best vegetable peeler america's test kitchen but thanks to the occasion of Memorial Day where you can find high discount on your favorite best vegetable peeler america's test kitchen in an online webstore. So, now stop wasting your time on thinking about the high prices of best vegetable peeler america's test kitchen. So, if you want to get your loved ones lots of best vegetable peeler america's test kitchen, the event of Memorial Day is for you.
If you are a needer then you must have been knowing that how much you get disturbed and get confused just for a best vegetable peeler america's test kitchen which has been an apple of your eyes and you are not able to buy them just because buying those best vegetable peeler america's test kitchen with sky high prices can make your budget disbalanced and we know how much important is it to buy the favorite best vegetable peeler america's test kitchen to you because if you don’t!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.856419
Retrieved Text: We take "customer-friendly, quality-oriented, integrative, innovative" as objectives. "Truth and honesty" is our management ideal for Vegetable Peeler Walmart , vegetable peeler walmart , Vegetable Peeler , plus the right solution.
"The key to our success is ""Good Merchandise High-quality, Reasonable Selling price and Efficient Service"" for Vegetable Peeler Walmart , vegetable peeler walmart , Vegetable Peeler , please don't hesitate to contact us. We are ready to reply you within 24 hours after receipt of your request and to create mutual un-limited benefits and business in near future.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.77413
Retrieved Text: The Zyliss E950020U "Y" Vegetable Peeler is ideal for peeling cucumbers, potatoes, carrots and other vegetables, while its safe design keeps hands and fingers secure and away from the blade. The vegetable peeler also features a potato eye cutter on the side making peeling potatoes a breeze. You will quickly find that this is the best potato peeler you"ve ever owned!
Your hands won"t tire with the ergonomically designed "Y" Peeler handle. The grip is well weighted and fits comfortably in almost any cooks hands. Don"t worry about dulling on this ultra sharp stainless steel, rust proof blade. If you want an apple peeler that will last for years then this is the fruit peeler for you. Dishwasher safe.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.747324
Retrieved Text: Our progress depends about the advanced products ,fantastic talents and continuously strengthened technology forces for Rotating Peeler Ps , Rotating Peeler Pp , Rotating Peeler Abs , Our expert complex team will likely be wholeheartedly at your services. We sincerely welcome you to definitely go to our website and company and deliver us your inquiry.
"All we do is usually linked with our tenet "" Shopper first, Rely on very first, devoting around the food packaging and environmental safety for Rotating Peeler Ps , Rotating Peeler Pp , Rotating Peeler Abs , Now we have advanced production technology and pursuit innovative in products and solutions. At the same time the good service has enhanced the good reputation. We believe that as long as you understand our product you have to be willing to become partners with us. Looking forward to your inquiry.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.689394
Retrieved Text: After spending over 5 hours peeling hundreds of Valencia and Navel oranges we can safely say that the Tupperware orange peeler is the best citrus peeler available. If you are looking for something a little more upmarket then the Alessi Apostrophe might be just the peeler for you and also comes highly recommended.
There is nothing better than biting into the juicy flesh of a fresh orange. Not only are oranges delicious but are also loaded with Vitamin C, the perfect fruit for flu season.
The problem is that the good stuff is often hidden behind tough skin. If you frequently find yourself reaching for an orange you will know just how difficult they can be to peel.
And if you have kids like me who also have a taste for oranges you can find yourself peeling far more than your thumbnails can take.
That’s where citrus peelers come in. A citrus peeler is essentially a tool that allows you to easily remove the skin from oranges or any other citrus fruit you enjoy eating such as grapefruits or mandarins.
And boy do citrus peelers make life easier. Just check out how easy it is demonstrating our favorite orange peeler from Tupperware.
1. Grab your peeler – Whether you are using a metal or plastic peeler you are going to want to find the part with a sharp hook.
2. Pierce the skin – Insert the hook of the peeler into the skin at the top of your orange(or other citrus fruit).
3. Make a slice – Slice down the orange from top to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.684238
Retrieved Text: AYUNA PEELER was booked on 12/4/2018 12:58:00 PM. PEELER was arrested by in Morganfield, Kentucky. PEELER was 37 years old at the time of the arrest.
AYUNA PEELER may not have been convicted of the charges or crimes listed and are presumed innocent until proven guilty. Please contact the for more information regarding arrest records.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.649569
Retrieved Text: Stainless steel peeling knife, fruit planer, potato peeler, multifunctional peeler, plane scraper. - Online shopping with great chinese goods, free int'l shipping and door-door delivery, B2C&B2B. Skyany has distinguished factory supplier, own int'l logistics, professional customer service.
Skyany Owned Stainless steel peeling knife, fruit planer, potato peeler, multifunctional peeler, plane scraper.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.639215
Retrieved Text: cheap price multifunctional stainless steel peeling fish scale machine. Compare .... stainless steel fish skin peeling machine with low price 0086-18703616536.
Stainless steel fresh fish scale removing machine,fish scaling machine 0086-15238020698. Compare .... Factory Price of Fish Scale Remove Peeler Machine.
Shop from the world's largest selection and best deals for Fish Scalers & Skinners. Shop with ... hotfishmachine · Sporting Goods · Fishing · Fishing Equipment · Fish Processing & Cooking; Fish Scalers & Skinners ... TRENDING PRICE. $13.32 ... Stainless Steel Fish Scale Remover Cleaner Scaler Scraper Kitchen Peeler Tool. $1.79.
China Stainless Steel Brush Fish Scale Washing Peeling Cleaning Machine, ... All the machines we sell are made by ourselves with low price and high quality.
Product Description. This Scaler is used to peel the hard fish skin. * Material: Stainless Steel ... Feedback. Would you like to give feedback on images? Would you like to tell us about a lower price?
Product Description. Features: Brand new and high quality. With a lid, the fish scaler stops ... Winco FSP-9 Scale Peeler, 9.5-Inch. +. uxcell Stainless Steel Grip Handle Fish Scale Scraper Remover 7.5 Inch .... Not worth the shipping, let alone the small price. ... Product is made up of cheap plastic that will likely break soon.
The new style Lowest price stainless steel antislip fruit vegetable potato peeler knife .... Apple Vegetable Potato Peeler Knife Slicer Fish Scraping Scales Planing Tool ... knife peeler 1 shred machine potato slicer High Quality Kitchen Tools Set.
List price: C $56.63. Buy It Now ... C $0.99; or Best Offer; Free

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.592758
Retrieved Text: From the past few years, our firm absorbed and digested sophisticated technologies equally at home and abroad. Meanwhile, our organization staffs a group of experts devoted into the growth of Peeler Apple , Peeler Set , Peeler Potato , We have extensive goods supply and the price is our advantage. Welcome to inquire about our products.
"Our business has been focusing on brand strategy. Customers' pleasure is our best advertising. We also offer OEM company for Peeler Apple , Peeler Set , Peeler Potato , We have been sticking to excellent quality competitive price and punctual delivery and better service and sincerely hope to establish long-term good relationships and cooperation with our new and old business partners from all over the world. Sincerely welcome you to join us.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.577286
Retrieved Text: Vaccum freezing drying machine is an advanced Hi-Tech dehydration technology, Processional Development Electric Vegetable Peeler/apple Peeler/fruit Peeler Machine makes hydrous materials frozen in the low temperature status, then under the vacuum condition, Shandong Leader Machinery Co.,ltd. adopts thermal radiation method for heating, to sublimate ice to gas directly. After the moisture comes out, Vaccum freezing drying machine uses ice-condenser (cold trap) and vacuum device to dehydrate the water content. Processional Development Electric Vegetable Peeler/apple Peeler/fruit Peeler Machine is a combined application technology based on multidisciplinary development, including refrigeration, heating, vacuum, biological, electrical and etc. Vacuum freeze drying technology has widely application, such as for chemical products, biologics, health product, herbs, agricultural products ( meat, poulty, egg, sea food, vegetables and fruits and etc.). Vaccum freezing drying machine Suitable for food lyophilization processing in the area of vegetables and fruits, dietary supplements, instant food, condiments, biological product, medicine, beverage and etc. Shandong Leader Machinery Co.,ltd. Lyophilization is a dehydration method that Vaccum freezing drying machine to sublime the material containing water from frozen solid state to steam state directly under the vacuum and low temperature condition.Vaccum freezing drying machine It’s the most advanced dehydration technic in the world currently with the advantages of long period quality assurance, good-rehydration, good condition of the looking, flavor, taste and high content nutritious remains. The finished product Processional Development Electric Vegetable Peeler/apple Peeler/fruit Peeler Machine has basically unchanged volume and shape with spongy appearance.
Function:The machine is applicable to peel fruits such as apples, Pears, peaches, etc.
Features: widely usage scope, good effect

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.512115
Retrieved Text: A garlic Peeler can be very useful when you need to peel off your garlic ''skin''.
This garlic peeler is easy to use and very easy to clean, and it is made of food-grade silicone.
Is it not a hassle when you have to peel it yourself? This peeler would help you instantly.
Grab a bulb of garlic and separate it into cloves.
Make sure that the garlic are stored in a dry space, if not it is harder to peel it when damped, especially when it just came out from the fridge.
Place the garlic cloves that you sperated, inside the garlic peeler.
Place the garlic peeler down on a flat surface and roll the garlic peeler back and forth, applying light pressure with your palm.
Shake the skin out over your trash can before peeling your next batch of garlic.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.508734
Retrieved Text: How to Use Automatic China Garlic Peeler Machine ?
Today we will talk about how to use garlic peeler machine correctly.Functioning using the straightforward and standard mechanism, this can be utilising to peel the skin of garlic cloves. This gadget consists of components like flywheel, approach unitand peeler. The automatic garlic peeling machine decreases the time consumption and protects the hand fingers from the welfare concerns like irritation in fingers and nail breakings.
The garlic peeler machine China peeling charge as high as 98%. via pneumatic operating principle, it could possibly approach garlics without having injury. The garlic peeler machine truly is equipped with automatic control gadget and automatic feeding device .The shell and also the garlic clove can separate instantly devoid of any damage.
The garlic peeler machine china is produced underneath the advice of our experienced pros employing optimum excellent materials in compliance with set sector standards.
The garlic peeler machine china utilizes dry peeling process, It makes use of dry pneumatic principle and needs air compressor matching it to achieve the peeling work. The special design can make absolutely sure that the garlic is no any friction using the blade in the course of peeling. So you could get the garlic in great situation, lower breakage, smooth surface, non-pollution.
How to use garlic peeler machine?
Electricity is the energy provider for all machines. However, electricity is also a terrible thing. Electric shock can cause personal injury and death. The spark generated by garlic peeler machine China leakage may cause fire, explosion and so on. Therefore, before using the garlic

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.44373
Retrieved Text: With sincere efforts, we are committed in manufacturing, exporting and supplying the best quality Potato peeler Knife. This peeler is manufactured at our premises with the use of supreme quality steel under the supervision of adroit professionals. Able to provide efficient peeling of potato or other vegetables, the offered peeler is mostly cherished in different kitchens. Moreover, our clients can purchase the offered Potato peeler Knife at reasonable prices from us.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.404552
Retrieved Text: Peel fruits and vegetables with this comfort-designed peeler.
Nestling comfortably in the palm of a hand, slide the peeler on to a finger to peel through peaches, pears, and more.
Power through peeling tasks with the 18/10 stainless steel blade and remove potato eyes with the tool on the peeler's tip.
With soft palm and finger grips, peel in comfort without worrying of dropping the peeler or accidental slips.
Clean the peeler easily on the top rack of the dishwasher.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.385826
Retrieved Text: Polished stainless steel blade mate. Polypropylene handle.
Kitchen knives, stainless steel blade. Absolute number. Peeler, kitchen, Chef.
Forged Kitchen Knives. Stainless steel blade and handle of POM. Vegetables and Chef Knife.
Kitchen knives. Stainless steel blade. Polypropylene handle. Peeler, peeler, vegetable knife and board.
Kitchen Knives. Stainless steel blade. Rosewood handle. Peeler, peeler, vegetable.
Kitchen Knives. Stainless steel blade. Rosewood handle. Abreostras, kitchen knife, kitchen.
Kitchen Knives. Stainless steel blade. POM handle. Peeler, peeler, Vegetables, Cheese and Tomato and Abreostras.
Kitchen Knives. Stainless steel blade. POM handle. Boning knife, kitchen, bread and ham.
Kitchen Knives. Stainless steel blade. Handle of compressed wood. Knife, fork and spoon, peeler, vegetables, meat.
Kitchen knives with stainless steel blade NITRUM with special silk edge and micarta handle.
Steak knives, spoons and forks with polyoxymethylene handle and stainless steel.
Table knives with Nitrum tainless steel blade. Nylon handle.
Steak knives and forks with polyoxymethylene handle and stainless steel.
Kitchen knives, stainless steel blade and wooden handle compressed. Paring. Butter. Cheese. Meat. Vegetables.
Kitchen knives, stainless steel blade and wooden handle.
Kitchen knives, stainless steel blade and nylon handle with fiberglass.
Kitchen knives, stainless steel blade and polypropylene handle.
Kitchen knives, ham, santoku, clothier. Stainless steel blade and polypropylene handle.
Kitchen knives. Sheet steel inoxiable NITRUM. Rosewood handle.
Knives cut ham. NITRUM stainless steel blade. POM Mango.
Kitchen knives. NITRUM stainless steel blade. POM Mango. UNIVERSAL series.
Kitchen knives. Stainless steel blade. POM handle.
Kitchen knives. Stainless steel blade. Polypropylene handle.
Vanadium Molidbdeno Sheet DIN-X55 Cr Mo V 14.
Sheet Molybdenum Vanadium-DIN X55 Cr Mo V 14.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.375296
Retrieved Text: LIMITED TIME OFFER FOR THE FIRST 100 CUSTOMERS! MAGIC TRIO PEELER FOR 55% OFF!!
ORDER NOW! These peelers are FLYING off shelves! Limit to 5 per customer max!
Black Peeler: Suitable for general peeling like potatoes, carrots, apples, pumpkin, pineapples, tomatoes.
Blue Peeler: Acts as cabbage shredder, cheese slicer, ribbons, and thin slicing.
Red Peeler: Great for making julienne, zucchini noodles, and pumpkin spaghetti.
The symmetrical handle is comfortable for both left and right-handers, even with prolonged use!
THIS PRODUCT IS A LIMITED PRODUCTION AND IS NOT AVAILABLE IN STORES. Selling out fast!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.373634
Retrieved Text: VINTAGE ANTIQUE WHITE MOUNTAIN APPLE PEELER SLICER CORER GOODELL Co.
Goodell Antique Apple Peeler Turntable Patent May 24, 1898. Works!
RARE ANTIQUE 1800'S BONANZA GOODELL INDUSTRIAL CAST IRON APPLE PEELER EXCELLENT!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.348125
Retrieved Text: https://kitchen.thebodycoach.com/3-in-1-multi-function-peeler 48 3 in 1 Multi-Function Peeler https://kitchen.thebodycoach.com/media/catalog/product/4/7/47380_3in1_multi-function_peeler_-_green.png 4.99 4.99 GBP InStock /Food Prep/Gadgets The perfect prep tool, this multi-funtional peeler is a must-have. Easily peel fruit and veg, julienne carrots or potatoes or ribbon cucumber and courgettes into long stips. The grippy handle provides a safe, comfortable grip meaning you can use it with confidence.
This peeler comes with a Quality Assurance Guarantee and if you're not 100% happy in the first 90 days, we'll give you your money back.
The perfect prep tool, this multi-funtional peeler is a must-have. Easily peel fruit and veg, julienne carrots or potatoes or ribbon cucumber and courgettes into long stips. The grippy handle provides a safe, comfortable grip meaning you can use it with confidence.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.312698
Retrieved Text: One of the main tools that everyone should have is a good peeler. Along with a good knife and a can opener, it is one of the most valuable tools you can have in your kitchen. How else are you going to peel all those vegetables from the garden without a lot of waste?
There are three main varieties of potato or vegetable peeler.
1.) The first one is the Yorkshire type peeler ( It is also sometimes known as a Lancashire type peeler). This is a design that has a blade as an extension of a handle, in a manner similar to the way a blade is attached to a knife. It is probably the most common type.
2.) The second one is called a Y-peeler. This is due to its shape. The blade is usually perpendicular to the handle in this type. This is similar to a razor and they are sometimes called the razor type peeler.
3.) The third one has no official name but is sometimes referred to as an “Aussie type peeler”. It is used fairly extensively in Australia, where this particular peeler design originated. It was designed in about 1947 by a company called Dalsonware in Melbourne who call it the "Dalson Classic Aussie Peeler". It consists of a plastic handle which extends upwards to support both the base and tip of a partially rotating blade. This type of peeler is also typical of the general fruit and vegetable peeler that is used in Canada.
Many peelers have an 'eye gouger' beside the blade. This

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.284832
Retrieved Text: The Good Grips Swivel Peeler has a unique handle that ensures a secure hold. The Swivel Peeler features a stainless steel blade which cuts easily and requires minimal wrist movement.
The Good Grips Swivel Peeler has a unique handle that ensures a secure hold. The Swivel Peeler features a stainless steel blade which cuts easily and requires minimal wrist movement. It is dishwasher safe and has a tapered, oversized hole for hanging.
Features a stainless steel blade and tapered, oversized hole form hanging.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.28367
Retrieved Text: Tired of wasting time peeling garlic? Or garlic peel getting under your fingernails? Save time and energy with the new EasyPeel™ Silicone Garlic Peeler Tool! It's a quick and easy way to peel garlic.
✔️️ PEEL CLOVES IN SECONDS, without smashing. This garlic peeler tube can peel several cloves at a time.
The EasyPeel™ Silicone Garlic Peeler is both flexible and durable. This silicone peeler is tube shaped and has scalloped edges. To use, simply insert the garlic into the tube and place it on a flat, sturdy surface. Then, apply gentle pressure with your hands and roll the tube until you hear the skin come off.
Tired of garlic peel strips getting under your fingernails? Try this easy-to-use garlic peeler. Just place an unpeeled clove of garlic inside, roll the peeler back and forth on a countertop, and let the peel shuck itself off. The time-consuming task of stripping every shred of peel from each clove is a chore of the past. Cleanup is easy, too. Simply rinse under the tap or run through the dishwasher. Order yours today to give it a try!
Dimensions: approx. 5.1" x 1.3"

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.28008
Retrieved Text: Correction: Justin Walton’s charges of destruction and tampering with governmental records were dismissed in November last year. An earlier version of this story stated otherwise. The Dickson Herald regrets the error.
Both sides in a lawsuit involving two former and current Dickson Police Officers are scheduled to meet next week, according to court documents.
Robert Peeler and Justin Walton, former Dickson officers who faced charges of evidence tampering over two years ago, filed the lawsuit against Dickson Police Assistant Chief Seth Lyles and Capt. Todd Christian as well as the City of Dickson in late October.
The lawsuit seeks $3 million for compensatory damages from the City of Dickson, Lyles and Christian. The lawsuit also seeks $3 million in punitive damages against Lyles and Christian.
Lyles and Christian’s attorney filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit last month.
The former officers’ lawsuit stems from their handling of a Dickson restaurant altercation, the subsequent internal investigation, claims of being “followed,” and their dismissal from the police force.
The case is being handled in the United States District Court of Middle Tennessee in Nashville.
Peeler and Walton entered into plea deals in May last year in relation to the charges of evidence tampering. As part of the deal, Peeler and Walton cannot serve as officers in the 23rd Judicial District, which includes Dickson, Cheatham, Houston, Humphreys and Stewart counties.
The Peeler/Walton lawsuit, filed Oct. 22 last year, summarizes the 2016 altercation primarily between Rex Buttrey and Richard Curtis at Las Plazas Mexican Restaurant in Dickson. They claim they were unaware of other restaurant video footage and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.194887
Retrieved Text: Find great deals on eBay for Onion Peeler in Vegetable Peelers. Shop with confidence.
IMC potato peeler brought to you by Caterkwik, call our team to hear more about our products and unbeatable prices.
Just US$11.11 + free shipping, buy Multi-functional Fruit Vegetable Peeler Set online shopping at GearBest.com.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.173243
Retrieved Text: item 2 5pcs White Fruit Lemon Orange Opener Peeler Slicer Cutter Kitchen Tools~! -5pcs White Fruit Lemon Orange Opener Peeler Slicer Cutter Kitchen Tools~!
orange peeler. Loved it at first, great idea. Very hard to clean and on each one the tip broke.
Great for kids but really sharp.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.156166
Retrieved Text: This is one tough peeler. The Oxo Good Grips swivel peeler will make quick work of even the toughest fruits and vegetables. Featuring a comfortable, non-slip handle, this seven-inch peeler is ready for action.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.14866
Retrieved Text: Shrimp Peeler Tool - Nice Stuff Co.
Do You Love Shrimps? Then This Shrimp Peeler Tool Is Just For YOU!
Do you love eating shrimps but not the peeling part? Shrimps are great but removing its skin can be challenging especially when it's overcooked. Effortlessly peel batches of shrimp and enjoy your sumptuous meal with this Shrimp Peeler Tool!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.133688
Retrieved Text: Designed for a functional purpose, the Jaccard Advanced Ceramic Vegetable and Fruit Peeler is the perfect addition to any kitchen. This efficient peeler is made from ABS, ceramic, and TPR which makes it sturdy and durable. It has a black and white finish. The Advanced Ceramic Vegetable and Fruit Peeler from Jaccard is easy to use and has a manual operation. It has an ergonomic, soft grip handle that ensures a very firm and comfortable grip. This handle is slip resistant too. This peeler is PTFE free and PFOA free, which makes it safe for use. This extremely handy peeler is easy to clean and maintain and is dishwasher safe (top shelf only).
Swivel peeler is ideal for peeling fruits and vegetables that have relatively oval surfaces such as apples, potatoes, carrots and more.
Jaccard's Advanced Ceramic blade maintains its factory edge up to 15 times longer than stainless steel blades.
Ultra pure ceramic composition prevents browning of fruits and vegetables.
Eliminates transfer of metal ions that can alter the taste and smell of fresh foods.
Non-stick blade surface is easy to clean.
Ergonomic, soft grip, slip-resistant handle provides unparalleled balance and comfort.
Precision engineered to provide superior strength.
Ideal for everyday use - Lightweight, versatile, durable and affordable.
Easily convertible for left-handed use.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.123587
Retrieved Text: The Jonas of Sweden food peeler is an excellent way to peel your fruits and vegetables. Not only does it do a great job of peeling your carrots and potatoes but also features a blade and ergonomically rounded handle constructed of stainless steel.
A Jonas Original with almost 60 years tradition. This peeler was introduced in 1953 and has sold 100 millions pieces in over 40 countries around the world. The peeler has been named “Best in test” several times by Swedish consumer magazines.
It is only the manufacturing process, which has changed during the years, the design has always been the same. The blade is produced of stainless steel and precision ground. The peeler is easy to use with right or left hand. All peelers have been manually inspected, which explains the excellent quality. The peeler measures 6.5" long with the blade measuring 2.75". The "Prep it Up!" utensil Line by Jonas of Sweden is available in an entire range of utensils.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.120192
Retrieved Text: Bigfoot has apparently gone blond and lives in North Carolina. At least according to Cleveland County resident Tim Peeler, who told local authorities of his encounter with the 10-foot tall creature, reports the Charlotte Observer.
Peeler thought he was calling coyotes, but instead got surprised and frightened by what -- or who -- came a-calling.
"Instead of them, him," Peeler, who lives in a rural area near South Mountains State Park, told NBC affiliate WCNC NewsChannel 36.
"This thing was 10-foot tall. He had beautiful hair," said Peeler, adding that it looked like the creature had six fingers on each hand.
"I come out here and rough-talked him and run him off," continued Peeler. But then the creature returned.
Luckily the encounter ended safely when Peeler got a bit more aggressive. "I said, 'Get away from here! Get! Get!' and he went right back up that path again."
Sgt. Mark Self of the Cleveland County sheriff's office responded to the suspicious-person call placed by Peeler.
"It scared me," said Self. "This is just totally blowing my mind that they even brought it back up," adding that the Sasquatch legend has been in the county since the 1970s.
"It doesn't bother me now -- I don't think there's anything to it," Self said. Still, the sheriff's office plans to continue its routine patrols of the area. "If we see something, we’ll try to capture it and take it into custody," he added.
So campers and hikers visiting the state park, one of North Carolina’s least-developed recreational sites, be forewarned -- you might want to plan on

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to clean blinds without tearing them up

Choice 1: Place a cloth on each side of a pair of tongs.

Choice 2: Find a feather duster, and cut the feathers off every two inches.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.406578
Retrieved Text: Here are 342 interesting post about Best Way To Clean Blinds as your inspiration. This post is found in our database in 0.003 seconds. Please click on the title for more information.
This photo of Best way to clean blinds without taking them down is posted on category Best Way To Clean Blinds and uploaded by leon on 11-08-2018.
This wallpaper of Clean venetian blinds bathtub best best way to clean blinds within is posted on category Best Way To Clean Blinds and uploaded by wayne on 13-08-2018.
This image of Best way to clean blinds in tub how to clean blinds easily 5 easy is posted on category Best Way To Clean Blinds and uploaded by virgil on 25-09-2018.
This post of Best way to clean blinds slats curtains decoration ideas drapes is posted on category Best Way To Clean Blinds and uploaded by elmer on 13-09-2018.
This wallpaper of Best way to clean blinds wood curtains decoration drapes is posted on category Best Way To Clean Blinds and uploaded by dwayne on 16-09-2018.
This background of Best way to clean blinds faux wood blinds best way to clean white is posted on category Best Way To Clean Blinds and uploaded by karl on 07-09-2018.
This photo of Best way to clean blinds faux wood blinds how to clean blinds the is posted on category Best Way To Clean Blinds and uploaded by allen on 29-09-2018.
This images of Best way to clean blinds without taking them down is posted on category Best Way To Clean Blinds and uploaded by martin on 14-09-2018.
This

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.48283
Retrieved Text: As a self-confessed clean freak, there’s nothing I love more than sharing cleaning tips and tricks. Keep reading for the best ways to make your windows and indoor blinds look brand-spanking new, whatever your budget!
Without looking in your cupboards, I can pretty much guarantee that you already have everything you need to make your windows sparkle. Simply mix one-part distilled vinegar with one-part hot water, then wipe it on your windows with a sponge. Once the surface grime has been removed, use a clean squeegee to wipe the window and give the glass a final rinse with an all-purpose cleaner and warm water. Then, just dry with a clean cloth.
If you’re willing to spend a little more, it can be worth upgrading from vinegar and hot water and investing in a special window cleaner. My tip: Consider how the product smells and its impact on the environment before you buy, as ammonia-based cleaners (like Windex) often have a harsh chemical smell that can be quite unpleasant in your home.
If you’re super pedantic about cleaning (and your budget allows), I’d also recommend buying a high-powered window vacuum, like a Karcher. With these babies you can enjoy completely clean and streak free windows!
Regularly cleaning your indoor blinds is the great way to stop grime from building up. It’s also my top tip for extending the lifespan of your window treatments.
To clean horizontal or vertical blinds, simply give them a once over with a vacuum brush attachment, working your way down from the top of the blinds. Then, give

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.679113
Retrieved Text: 31/12/2018�� Fortunately, the process of cleaning aluminum is relatively easy to accomplish in just about every instance. Cleaning aluminum cookware can be a chore, especially if �... The above guide on the best way to clean blinds without taking them down has got you covered. Remember to clean your blinds on a weekly basis for easy maintenance. Remember to clean your blinds on a weekly basis for easy maintenance.
This is an easy fix, but if you plan on cleaning your entire boat on a hot day, you might want to temporarily cover your aluminum with a tarp or even some towels just to get it out of the sun. You Need to Work with Debris-free Aluminum Before You Can Clean It how to detect text in a cell over numbers vba To remove dust, swipe the louvers clean with an easy clean duster from Blinds.com. They clean both sides of the louvers in one pass, so you�ll be done with the whole room in just a few minutes. You can also use a microfiber cloth or the brush attachment of your vacuum.
Aluminum blinds won't rust....I used to have them and took them outside and hung them from a tree with bent wire hangers and sprayed them with the fan setting on my garden hose. I would then spray them with 409, then gave them a scrub with a soft brush or rag, then hose them down again. Left them out for the afternoon to finish dripping and drying. I wiped them down with a cloth before

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.358072
Retrieved Text: We’ve pretty much heard it all when it comes to pets tearing up blinds.
or puppies who have found a new chew toy.
Why Do Pets Love to Destroy Blinds?
Although many things our pets do mystify us, this one is pretty easy to understand. They want to see what’s going on outside!
Dogs fall into three camps. Depending on which one you’re dealing with, you’ll need a different approach to correct it.
From a dog’s perspective, blinds are just an obstruction keeping them from the window. When there’s a squirrel or FedEx man outside, the blinds just become a casualty of the resulting frenzy to get out there.
Keep blinds raised part-way to allow your pooch to see out and avoid damage. Prevent this issue altogether by teaching your dog to stay calm in exciting situations. The “leave it” command is perfect for this problem.
2. My Puppy Chews on Everything – Including the Blinds!
Many dogs, especially as puppies, will chew on anything in sight. If your blinds have become fido’s teething stick, it’s because he doesn’t have anything else to chew on.
Discourage your dog from gnawing on the blinds by spraying the slats with sour apple spray (available at pet stores). It smells and tastes terrible to dogs but is neutral to humans. They’ll steer clear from now on.
However, the chewing habit is the larger problem to be addressed. When you’re away from home, enclose your dog in a safe room and give them special toys that are hidden away otherwise. Treat-filled toys and meat flavored bones are especially enticing. With

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.122395
Retrieved Text: We Clean Every Type of Window Shades!
At Lovitt Blinds & Drapery, we make getting your blinds & window shades cleaned easier than ever! Our team is highly experienced and capable of restoring nearly any type of blinds to a clean & beautiful new-like condition. Whether you come to us or need us to come to you, you can expect quality service & at an incredible price as we ensure your window shades will look like new again!
Why Should You Clean Your Window Shades?
Window shades are often ignored or forgotten as part of a regular cleaning routine. However, window shade cleaning is essential to maintain a healthy & beautiful home or office interior.
Window Shade Cleaning Services that we offer….
Save Time – Cleaning window blinds & window shades can be a major headache. It takes time to dust all those nooks and crannies. Give yourself a break by calling in the professionals.
Spare Your Health – Dust can be toxic to people with allergies, asthma, or respiratory problems. For those with breathing troubles, window shade cleaning is essential, but also dangerous. Hire Lovitt Blinds & Drapery to FULLY clean your window blinds & window shades without sacrificing your health.
Save Money on Replacements – Maintaining your blinds is key to longevity. The less you take care of your expensive window treatments, the sooner you’ll have to replace them. Keep them clean, and they’ll keep you happy.
Get the Job Done Right – Window shades are surprisingly complex. Large surface areas and dozens of small, moving parts make cleaning difficult. The good

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.08092
Retrieved Text: Strong robust and easy to clean, our roller blinds are an excellent choice for your home. But what happens when they get a little dusty or there�s a few water-spots or stains on the fabric? Take a quick look at our cleaning guide to find out the best way for you to get those roller blinds �... Cleaning Fabric Blinds I don�t have any to demonstrate on, but what I do recommend is to vacuum them regularly to avoid build-up and discolouration. Dust attracts dirt, which leads to discolouration.
How to Clean Bamboo Shades. Extra care has to be taken to clean Woven Wood Shades. If too much water is applied on the surface the wood can warp and traditional feather dusters can snag the material. how to clean solid oak floors Cleaning Fabric Blinds I don�t have any to demonstrate on, but what I do recommend is to vacuum them regularly to avoid build-up and discolouration. Dust attracts dirt, which leads to discolouration.
Deep Clean. Clean your blinds at least once a month to prevent the growth of mould and to remove any marks, which could stain the material. If you do miss a month, soak your blinds in a bathtub filled with warm water, a cup of vinegar and a squirt of dishwashing detergent.
14/03/2016�� I am participating in the "Spring Cleaning 2016 Collaboration, that is being hosted by Tory Toth. I am sharing how I easily cleaned my kitchen blinds.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.062399
Retrieved Text: how to clean cellular shades stunning honeycomb cellular blinds gallery of stunning grey cellular shades satisfying cordless cellular shades shining how to clean honeycomb cellular how to clean graber honeycomb shades.
how to clean cellular shades how to clean roman shades how to clean cellular shades from bali hot.
how to clean cellular shades how to clean graber cellular shades.
how to clean cellular shades how to clean honeycomb blinds arch cellular shades how to clean mildew from a honeycomb shades.
how to clean cellular shades large size of blindshow to clean cellular shades angies list awesome window photo inspirations how to clean duette honeycomb shades.
how to clean cellular shades how do you clean cellular shades how to clean mold off cellular shades.
how to clean cellular shades honeycomb blind material endearing types of window blinds and shades breathtaking how to clean honeycomb cellular blind honeycomb cellular blinds how to clean cellular shades from bali to jakarta.
how to clean cellular shades cleaning upgrading your home with hunter douglas shades from hill country blinds can enhance the natural beauty of your home it is important to keep your how to clean pleated honeycomb shades.
how to clean cellular shades thumbnail 1 2 double cell value blackout honeycomb how to clean cellular shades from bali to lombok.
how to clean cellular shades your cellular shades how to clean cellular shades levolor.
how to clean cellular shades image titled clean cellular shades step 10 how to clean graber cellular shades.
how to clean cellular shades cellular shades are an attractive way to boost the energy efficiency of your

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.681322
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 04:08:18 am at 04/24/2019 04:08:18 am in How To Clean Hanging Blinds.
how to clean hanging blinds window treatment ideas drapes vs curtains shades vs blinds and beyond installing white faux wood window blinds young house love.
cleaning tips for window blinds shutters when it comes to cleaning your blinds and shutters its not always the easiest task window coverings add style and light protection to your home but many , how to install blinds bob vila how to install blinds throughout the house, how to clean fabric blinds doityourselfcom , how to install inside wood and fauxwood blinds raquo how to install inside wood and fauxwood blinds raquo instimblindwoodfaux faux wood blinds blindscom video gallery, how to install blinds steps with pictures wikihow , how to clean your window blinds the quick and easy way the blinds spot clean your window blinds to make them last longer, how to clean faux wood blinds raquo care and cleaning easy to how to clean faux wood blinds raquo care and cleaning easy to clean blindscom video gallery, how to clean blinds hgtv homemade cleaning recipes, blinds vs shades how to make the right choice for your home the with that question answered the choice between blinds and shades should be fairly clear but there are several other factors that differentiate these two , blinds vs shades how to make the right choice for your home the on the most basic level blinds are hard window coverings made with horizontal slats and shades are window coverings made of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.635525
Retrieved Text: Good News! You don’t have to start from scratch to have your own business.
Contact Us Today To Learn More (770) 616-1964 !
Our turnkey business opportunity is a step-by-step plan that will allow you to build a rock solid foundation and our comprehensive training provides you with detailed information concerning every area of operation.
You will learn how to clean a blind in just 90 seconds, using our secret formula. This will allow you to service multiple accounts per day in a fraction of the time it would normally take.
Your customers have invested a lot of money in their window coverings and you will be there to help keep the blinds, shades, and shutters in proper working order.
Rounding out the business model are sales and installation. You will truly be a one stop shop for all of your customer's needs when it comes to their blinds, shades, and shutters.
We just wanted to say thanks for an incredible three days of training this past weekend. The business strategy, as well as the hands-on training was well done!
Thank you so much for the time and effort you put into this business so that others like me could change their lives for the better.
I purchased your program and it was the best money I've ever spent! My business is booming.
I want to tell you I love my business! It's perfect for me and my family.
Are you looking to open a business but don't know where to start? Let's Clean Blinds offers a unique, non-franchise, turnkey business opportunity and will guide you

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.53129
Retrieved Text: Ultimate guide on how to keep your blinds squeaky clean!
It goes without saying that installing blinds can be the perfect window dressing to enhance any room.
However, whether you go for Venetian or Vertical blinds they are all culprits of gathering dust very quickly. And unfortunately cleaning blinds can be a tedious and timely task, and we’re often worried about ruining the fabric.
So to make your life easier, we’ve put together a quick guide on how you can keep your blinds in tip-top condition!
PVC or aluminium Venetian blinds seems to gather more dust than the other types of blinds. You can use microfiber cloths, alternatively, you can use an old (clean) sock that you can throw away once used.
Simply dampen the sock in a light cleaning liquid and water solution, and by placing your hand in the sock you can clean both sides of the slats simultaneously.
Avoid using this method on wooden Venetian blinds as the liquid solution can damage the wooden slats.
Vertical blinds are probably the easiest to clean. Keep the blinds in a closed position and lightly wipe the slats with a duster or cloth. Then repeat this process but with the blinds closed in the opposite direction.
Avoid machine washing or getting the slats wet, as this can ruin the fabric and shape of the blinds.
If you’re cleaning individual blinds slats, then the best way to separate them is by using clothes pegs.
It will make cleaning much easier, plus you can leave the pegs in as a marker if you decide to take a break,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.393959
Retrieved Text: Amazing Clean Blinds Lesmurdie are your ultrasonic blind cleaning and repair professionals. With a combination of the latest technology, training and experience, they will make your blinds look like new.
If you’ve ever tried cleaning your blinds yourself, you’ll know how time-consuming and difficult it can be. And they don’t always look that great when you’ve finished! The easy way to bring your blinds back to life is to call Jill.
They will take your blinds away and clean, deodorise and sanitise them. Then they’ll bring them back and put them up again, in most cases on the same day – and you won’t have to lift a finger. If you'd like to drop off and collect your blinds you'll save even more, but remember to phone first for a booking.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.36729
Retrieved Text: Venetian blinds are convenient to use and aesthetic to look at but a headache to clean, especially if you do not know the tips and tricks required for cleaning them.
Wooden Venetian blinds, in particular, need to be cleaned with care to protect them from damage.
For instance, you should not clean wood Venetian blinds with detergents as excess moisture and chemicals can warp the wood. Furthermore, it may cause the slats to become discolored.
While using the wood cleaner, dab it on a soft cloth and wipe off the stain with it.
Coming to light cleaning of the blinds, you can close the blinds to make them flat and then, dust them with a light feather, microfiber, or wool duster. While dusting, prefer to brush downward rather than upward otherwise the slats may become unhooked.
You may also use a vacuum cleaner but with a soft brush attachment only; other attachments can damage the wooden blinds.
For better cleaning, wipe each slat with a soft dry cloth or a paper towel. Another easy way to clean the blinds is to wear a pair of cotton gloves or old socks and run your fingers through each slat. Moreover, you can rub a fabric softener sheet between your hands while wearing the gloves and rub your hands along each slat. Apart from removing dirt, it shall help reduce the buildup of static electricity that tends to attract dirt.
Alternatively, you can dip a soft paintbrush (preferably of the size that fits the width of the slats) in liquid fabric softener and wipe it across

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.830997
Retrieved Text: Vertical blinds can lose their shape if you don't take proper care when cleaning them, but these tips will make cleaning verticle blinds easy & effective!
When trying to discover how to clean vertical blinds, many people will look at the washing instructions on the label. While this is a good idea, here are a few additional tips on how to try to keep your blinds safe. Even though many vertical blinds state they can be machine washed safely at temperatures of 40 degrees, some people find their blinds never come out quite the same as when they went in. Fabric blinds can snag and fray very easily, so if you do decide to machine wash, roll the blinds up and put them in an empty pillow case to protect them, and use a gentle wash cycle designed for woollens and delicates.
Don’t automatically assume that hot water is the better option for getting vertical blinds clean. If your blinds are folded and weighted at the bottom to keep them hanging properly, the fold may be glued, rather than stitched. Washing with hot water can melt the glue, unravelling the fold and exposing the weight. Warm water is always much better – it’s just as efficient at stain removal, yet won’t ruin any glued sections. If you’re cleaning vertical blinds in a bathtub, basin, or bucket, you can use your hands to gauge the temperature of the water. If you decide you do wish to use your washing machine (after checking your blind’s care label states they are

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.771082
Retrieved Text: Many window treatments only give you two options: let all of the natural light in or let none of it in. But, blinds give you more than just these two options. If you want more light, simply adjust your blinds to let a little bit more natural light into the room. Because blinds are adjustable, you can control how much light you want in your room, which is a benefit that many other window treatments do not offer.
You never have to worry about how your new blinds will look with the rest of your décor. Why? Blinds come in so many different styles and colors that it will be easy to find a design that is perfect for your home. For example, wood blinds can be stained, finished, and painted to match any room in your house.
Blinds come in a variety of different materials, too. Besides wood, you can also find blinds made out of vinyl, faux wood, and even fabric. Having these options allows you to customize your window treatments even further to ensure they complement the rest of the room.
The price of blinds will vary depending on the size of your windows and the materials you have selected, but in general, blinds are less expensive than other window treatments. If you’re remodeling or redecorating your home on a tight budget, consider using blinds for window treatments.
Just as you can control the amount of light that comes into your room with blinds, you can also control the amount of privacy you have with shades. If

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.678944
Retrieved Text: Roller Blinds are made using stiffened fabric. On a timber or aluminium roller and a mechanism that could be either spring-loaded, motorised, or adjusted by a chain, they roll up and down with ease.
At Bay Blinds & Doors, we can make Roller Blinds to suit most openings—large or small, wide or narrow, and floor-to-ceiling. We can custom-fit your Rollers Blinds up to 3-metre widths.
With their streamlined design, Roller Blinds roll up behind a neat pelmet when opened and sit tightly against the window when closed.
Changing the height of the blind gives you quick, easy control of light and privacy in your room. Reaching behind furniture to open or close them won’t be the case for Roller Blinds. Some motorised systems allow you to link the operation for flick-of-a-button control over as many as 3 blinds.
If your choice is an easy-clean fabric, your Roller Blinds will not only be easy to keep clean, harbouring dust and mites won’t be an issue, so they will also be the best choice for allergy sufferers.
Fabric choices for Roller Blinds are countless, so you’re free to choose colour, style, pattern and texture. You can also choose standard, sheer, or complete blockout fabrics.
Easy to use and easy to maintain, Roller Blinds don’t generally suffer badly from wear and tear over time.
In the past, all roller blinds totally blocked out light. To allow some light in the room, you adjusted the height of the blinds.
Now, you can choose dual blinds, allowing you to run both a sheer blind and a blockout blind on

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.657331
Retrieved Text: Having some simple cleaning hacks to get your house tidy and clean can make cleaning easier and save you time you’d rather spend doing other things.
Here are 15 cleaning hacks that won’t cost you a cent but will get you done and out.
1. Clean the inside of your kitchen cabinets with your vacuum.
For the most part, cabinet shelves get an accumulation of dust and crumbs and vacuuming gets rid of them quickly without needing to take all the contents out.
2. Use your dishwasher to clean lots of things around your house.
Dishwashers do a great job on dishes, but they can also clean many other household items. Among them: glass light globes, plastic kids’ toys, small bathroom trash cans, hair brushes & combs, pet dishes, metal sink fixtures (on pots & pans cycle), sponges, garden and BBQ tools, plastic flowers, golf balls (put in basket), sports equipment, removable cup holders from your car, hubcaps, heavy rubber or plastic pet toys, and more. To be safe, don’t use the dry cycle.
3. Use old socks to clean blinds.
Just spray them with a vinegar-water combination or commercial glass cleaner and wipe both sides of blinds at the same time. When you do this on a regular basis, it keeps the grime from becoming sticky and hard to remove.
4. Use the clean as you go approach.
Automatically picking up and wiping up as you go through a room will save you time when you’re ready to actually clean your house. Swish a brush around the inside of a toilet after using it.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.609299
Retrieved Text: Venetian blinds are considered to be one of the varied forms of window furnishing. From traditional to modern, they are made to blend into a variety of home types and can be made to blend into a variety of home types.
Crafted from wood, aluminium or plastic, Venetian blinds are made up of a collection of horizontal slats. These horizontal slats are tied together and can be operated using cords to provide them with the ability to rotate usually up to 180 degrees. One of the significant advantages of choosing Venetian blind over other blinds is that they offer a high degree of control over the amount of light entering into your living space. This control over the levels of light is mainly due to the operational nature of Venetian blinds that allows them to be opened at a number of varying degrees.
Here we’ve listed the reasons to choose Venetian blinds over other window treatments.
The design and material of Venetian blinds are made to blend with any home interior and balance existing furnishings. Venetian blinds made of wood never go out of style and capture a timeless charm. These types of blinds are available in different range of colours so that you can align them to suit your colour and design preferences.
Venetian blinds online can be custom made to fit your window correctly and have good control over light and privacy.
The Venetian blinds provide excellent control over privacy through their lift and tilt operation. The slats of these blinds can be tilted to any desired angle to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.588688
Retrieved Text: Because of our duster’s “three finger” technology, it has instantly become the perfect venetian blind duster and shutter cleaner! Why bother meticulously dusting each and every blind slat when you can clean three at a time with our duster? This will not only save you time, but our microfiber blind cleaner fingers will ensure the surface is left clean and dust-free!
Whether you’re looking for a plastic or wood blinds duster, the Easyclean Duster is safe on all surfaces. You can even use it on metallic surfaces like chandeliers and picture frames without having to worry about any damage occurring. Because our blind cleaner tool is so gentle – you’ll find yourself using it in every room of the house!
Whether you need one, two, or three fingers on your blind duster - we've made it easy to customize the way you clean them! And when the Easyclean blind cleaner dusting fingers get dirty just simply remove the microfiber sleeves and pop them in the wash! Stop wasting time cleaning the old fashioned way and revolutionize the way you’re going about household chores!
Hi Brett, We used the dusters yesterday at our office…lots of brown wooden blinds to deal with that go from floor to ceiling. I had an extension pole, other ladies just used them without. They definitely work better, easier and faster than the way we have been doing them blind by blind. This was our first time and we were getting used to them but I feel it will cut our time down more than half.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.522497
Retrieved Text: At Monroe Blinds, we not only provide professional installation, but we manufacture our own high quality blinds. Because we are caring for your blinds from start to finish, we stand behind them 100%. Additionally, by keeping the manufacturing local, we can easily customize blinds to fit your house and your lifestyle. Each of our blinds are available in a variety of colors, and come with a standard valance for a clean look that you won’t get from big box retailers.
The only question left is: Which blind is right for you?
Advantages: Sturdy; which allows for less ladders, a cleaner look and less chance of breaking. Won’t fade under the constant pressure of sunlight. Have a natural warmth to them that can’t be matched.
Disadvantages: Cost; which can deter many people, especially families with small children. Moisture; like all wood products, wood blinds will absorb more moisture than their non-wood counterparts.
Recently, Faux Wood Blinds have become increasingly popular. Customer get the same wood look and feel, without the all of the cost.
Advantages: Cost; because they are made of manufactured materials, they are inexpensive. They also won’t absorb as much moisture as wood blind, causing them to warp less.
Disadvantages: Flimsy; these blinds won’t hold up to as much of a beating as wood blinds, but will be cheaper to repair. Also, since they are heavier than wood, they require more ladders, so they won’t have as clean of a look.
Available in 2 inch and 2.5 inch slats.
Sometimes standard blinds just aren’t enough. If you have a slider, Vertical Blinds are

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.463902
Retrieved Text: If you’ve invested in blinds, you’ll want to keep them in the best condition so that they maintain their aesthetic appeal for years to come. In the latest post from Elite Blinds, we discuss the best way to clean Venetian blinds, keep reading for top tips.
The great thing about metal blinds is that they are extremely practical. However, just like any other type of window dressing, they can collect dust and marks.
Before you begin cleaning your blind, you should check each of the slats for any sticky stains. Rubbing a dry duster cloth over these patches will make the fibres of the cloth stick to the stain and it won’t be easy to remove.
If you spot any stains or sticky areas of the blind, use a damp cloth with a mild detergent – such as washing up liquid – to gently remove the mark. Once this process is finished, used a dry paper towel to dry the bind.
Next, close the blind and use a soft duster to work your way over each slat. A dusting mitt or glove is ideal for this job and will collect the dust easily.
For a deep clean, you may use a vacuum to clean your blinds so long as it has an upholstery attachment. Without an upholstery attachment, you may scratch your blinds.
To begin cleaning your wooden blind, you’ll start in much the same way as you would with a metal blind – by spot checking your blind for stains. However, instead of using washing up liquid, you should use a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.46022
Retrieved Text: Once we finished our renovation, those ugly vertical blinds just weren’t welcome anymore–I felt like they totally detracted from all of the hard work we’d put in to make this space pretty.... Vacuum blinds. Whether your blinds are metal, wood, or plastic, vacuuming weekly with a brush attachment will go a long way towards keeping them clean.
Accessories Cleaning How To Window Blinds Window Treatments. How to Clean Blinds. No matter what kind of blinds you have—wooden, fabric and vertical are the three basic types—HGTV has the tips to make their cleaning and maintenance easy. No matter what kind of blinds you have—wooden, fabric and vertical are the three basic types—these tips will make their cleaning and maintenance … how to make folder password protected in windows 7 make sure that your blinds are the right size for your window, taking into account whether you want to hang them inside or outside the recess. Measure the width and length of the window several times to make sure your calculations are correct and buy the right size blinds or have them custom made to the correct dimensions.
Festoon blinds look like they are expensive, but you can make the blinds for about £6 per window. If you add lace, ribbons and decorative trims, it will look even better. If you add lace, ribbons and decorative trims, it will look even better.
Instructions for Outside Mounted Wood Blinds. Since outside mount covers the entire window opening and frame, there are additions you will need to make to order the correct size.
Once

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.456467
Retrieved Text: Our Faux wood blinds are an affordable and a sophisticated solution for your home. Simply put, the aesthetic appeal of these blinds is like that of a real wood and is an ideal solution for people who would want a wood-like appearance for their window dressings.... Wood blinds add warmth and elegance to any room. They are a stylish window solution for traditional or contemporary homes. Many blind options are available to homeowners but if you favor the wood look then the decision is between real hardwood blinds and faux wood blinds.
These are not your average slatted faux wood blinds!! I chose a gorgeous double beveled edge style that is so stylish! These 2 and 1/2 inch Double Beveled Composite Faux Wood Blinds have the classic look of shutters (without the big price tag of shutters)! how to make a room a dance studio 27/02/2014 · We're looking to replace all the worn out blinds in our property with faux wood (some blinds, some shutters). I'm hearing stories though that people's blinds are turning yellow after only a year due to the intense sunlight in Vegas! I'm trying to figure out if that's a problem with faux wood blinds, or if it's just the cheaper plastic ones.
Have you tried soaking them in a tub in hot water, dawn & bleach, some scrubugging reequired. Dish washer detergent may also work. Not sure if you can successfully, spray paint them outside, of course. how to clean window runnrrs Our Faux wood blinds are an affordable and a sophisticated

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.373974
Retrieved Text: Infusing a home with peacefulness and lightheartedness is not an easy task. One must be extremely careful not to over-furnish the rooms, to select items of furniture that are both comfortable and simple (simplicity is tranquility’s best friend), and of course to pick the right window treatments.
When it comes to choosing window coverings for a casual residence, many professional interior designers say that fabric vertical blinds are most likely the perfect option. Despite what some people might think, modern vertical blinds made from fabric are not used only for sliding patio doors and large windows. This type of vertical blinds is suited to practically any casual decorating style, including country cottage.
One of the strongest reasons to opt for fabric vertical blinds is their design. Their minimalist design and clean lines render them elegant and stylish. If you are looking for window treatments that can complement your relaxing living room or bedroom beautifully without stealing all the show, then modern vertical blinds made from fabric should be on top of your list.
Fabric vertical blinds come in a wide array of tasteful hues. Many blind manufacturers and retailers offer their customers the amazing opportunity to select one out of twenty or more chic and neutral fabric colors (cream, almond, latte, cloud, and ash are only some of the many great options for creating a light, clean atmosphere). This is how you can find the perfect match for your casual lounge room, dining room, and bedroom.
Aside from being aesthetically pleasing, fabric vertical blinds are also highly functional. With their

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.317083
Retrieved Text: Sugar, Spice, and Everything Nice – Meet Kelly from Blinds.com!
We’ve pretty much heard it all when it comes to pets tearing up blinds. Whether it’s dogs desperately trying to see out the window, or puppies who have found a new chew toy. But we never thought squirrels and blinds would be a problem.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.290356
Retrieved Text: Carolyn and Phillip at Amazing Clean Blinds Bayswater are your ultrasonic blind cleaning and repair professionals with over 10 years' experience. They will have your blinds looking fresh and like new again!
Do you have dirty or broken blinds?
Have you ever tried cleaning them yourself and realised how time consuming and difficult it is to bring them back like new?
Your blinds will be cleaned, sanitised and deodorised. They will be returned to your home and put up again, in most cases on the same day. If you'd like to drop off and collect your blinds you'll save even more, but remember to phone first for a booking.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.244764
Retrieved Text: Call Lotus Cleaning on 0425 029 990 for professional Blind Cleaning Victoria Point services. Specialist of Roman Blind Cleaning services in Victoria Point.
At Lotus Cleaning, a process of efficient, safe and thorough blind cleaning techniques are employed to bring customers the ultimate in guaranteed customer satisfaction with friendly service. Courteous and clean technicians are licensed, bonded and insured and understand your window covering needs. Lotus Blind Cleaning Service is the innovator and authority in the blind cleaning industry. Making your window blind or curtain steam cleaning Victoria Point an experience you’ll want to share with your friends.
Lotus Professional Blind Cleaners Victoria Point are here to offer the curtain cleaning service at an unbeatable price. Our state of the art cleaning methodology, keeps your blinds dirt free without any scratch, pit or damage. Just give us a call; we will reach at your doorstep.
At Lotus Cleaning, our blind cleaner Victoria Point are available for 24/7 for emergency services just call on 0425 029 990. In many cases we can remove, clean and return your blinds all on the same day! Our Professional Blind Cleaners Victoria Point use environmentally friendly biodegradable detergents to break down the dirt and grime.
On site blind cleaning service for window blinds and shades servicing residential and commercial area in Victoria Point.
Lotus Cleaning Victoria Point can clean the blinds on site to save you the inconvenience of taking them down and transporting them to us. This means that you do not have to go through the hassle of taking down the blinds and possibly

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.244764
Retrieved Text: Call Lotus Cleaning on 0425 029 990 for professional Blind Cleaning Lake Clarendon services. Specialist of Roman Blind Cleaning services in Lake Clarendon.
At Lotus Cleaning, a process of efficient, safe and thorough blind cleaning techniques are employed to bring customers the ultimate in guaranteed customer satisfaction with friendly service. Courteous and clean technicians are licensed, bonded and insured and understand your window covering needs. Lotus Blind Cleaning Service is the innovator and authority in the blind cleaning industry. Making your window blind or curtain steam cleaning Lake Clarendon an experience you’ll want to share with your friends.
Lotus Professional Blind Cleaners Lake Clarendon are here to offer the curtain cleaning service at an unbeatable price. Our state of the art cleaning methodology, keeps your blinds dirt free without any scratch, pit or damage. Just give us a call; we will reach at your doorstep.
At Lotus Cleaning, our blind cleaner Lake Clarendon are available for 24/7 for emergency services just call on 0425 029 990. In many cases we can remove, clean and return your blinds all on the same day! Our Professional Blind Cleaners Lake Clarendon use environmentally friendly biodegradable detergents to break down the dirt and grime.
On site blind cleaning service for window blinds and shades servicing residential and commercial area in Lake Clarendon.
Lotus Cleaning Lake Clarendon can clean the blinds on site to save you the inconvenience of taking them down and transporting them to us. This means that you do not have to go through the hassle of taking down the blinds and possibly

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.244764
Retrieved Text: Call Lotus Cleaning on 0425 029 990 for professional Blind Cleaning Penshurst services. Specialist of Roman Blind Cleaning services in Penshurst.
At Lotus Cleaning, a process of efficient, safe and thorough blind cleaning techniques are employed to bring customers the ultimate in guaranteed customer satisfaction with friendly service. Courteous and clean technicians are licensed, bonded and insured and understand your window covering needs. Lotus Blind Cleaning Service is the innovator and authority in the blind cleaning industry. Making your window blind or curtain steam cleaning Penshurst an experience you’ll want to share with your friends.
Lotus Professional Blind Cleaners Penshurst are here to offer the curtain cleaning service at an unbeatable price. Our state of the art cleaning methodology, keeps your blinds dirt free without any scratch, pit or damage. Just give us a call; we will reach at your doorstep.
At Lotus Cleaning, our blind cleaner Penshurst are available for 24/7 for emergency services just call on 0425 029 990. In many cases we can remove, clean and return your blinds all on the same day! Our Professional Blind Cleaners Penshurst use environmentally friendly biodegradable detergents to break down the dirt and grime.
On site blind cleaning service for window blinds and shades servicing residential and commercial area in Penshurst.
Lotus Cleaning Penshurst can clean the blinds on site to save you the inconvenience of taking them down and transporting them to us. This means that you do not have to go through the hassle of taking down the blinds and possibly breaking them in the process.
The dust, pet dander,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.244764
Retrieved Text: Call Lotus Cleaning on 0425 029 990 for professional Blind Cleaning Camberwell South services. Specialist of Roman Blind Cleaning services in Camberwell South.
At Lotus Cleaning, a process of efficient, safe and thorough blind cleaning techniques are employed to bring customers the ultimate in guaranteed customer satisfaction with friendly service. Courteous and clean technicians are licensed, bonded and insured and understand your window covering needs. Lotus Blind Cleaning Service is the innovator and authority in the blind cleaning industry. Making your window blind or curtain steam cleaning Camberwell South an experience you’ll want to share with your friends.
Lotus Professional Blind Cleaners Camberwell South are here to offer the curtain cleaning service at an unbeatable price. Our state of the art cleaning methodology, keeps your blinds dirt free without any scratch, pit or damage. Just give us a call; we will reach at your doorstep.
At Lotus Cleaning, our blind cleaner Camberwell South are available for 24/7 for emergency services just call on 0425 029 990. In many cases we can remove, clean and return your blinds all on the same day! Our Professional Blind Cleaners Camberwell South use environmentally friendly biodegradable detergents to break down the dirt and grime.
On site blind cleaning service for window blinds and shades servicing residential and commercial area in Camberwell South.
Lotus Cleaning Camberwell South can clean the blinds on site to save you the inconvenience of taking them down and transporting them to us. This means that you do not have to go through the hassle of taking down the blinds and possibly

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.244764
Retrieved Text: Call Lotus Cleaning on 0425 029 990 for professional Blind Cleaning Somerset Dam services. Specialist of Roman Blind Cleaning services in Somerset Dam.
At Lotus Cleaning, a process of efficient, safe and thorough blind cleaning techniques are employed to bring customers the ultimate in guaranteed customer satisfaction with friendly service. Courteous and clean technicians are licensed, bonded and insured and understand your window covering needs. Lotus Blind Cleaning Service is the innovator and authority in the blind cleaning industry. Making your window blind or curtain steam cleaning Somerset Dam an experience you’ll want to share with your friends.
Lotus Professional Blind Cleaners Somerset Dam are here to offer the curtain cleaning service at an unbeatable price. Our state of the art cleaning methodology, keeps your blinds dirt free without any scratch, pit or damage. Just give us a call; we will reach at your doorstep.
At Lotus Cleaning, our blind cleaner Somerset Dam are available for 24/7 for emergency services just call on 0425 029 990. In many cases we can remove, clean and return your blinds all on the same day! Our Professional Blind Cleaners Somerset Dam use environmentally friendly biodegradable detergents to break down the dirt and grime.
On site blind cleaning service for window blinds and shades servicing residential and commercial area in Somerset Dam.
Lotus Cleaning Somerset Dam can clean the blinds on site to save you the inconvenience of taking them down and transporting them to us. This means that you do not have to go through the hassle of taking down the blinds and possibly

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: Sentence: What material is a steel rocking chair made out of?

Choice 1: The frame is steel and then fabric can be added if you wish.

Choice 2: The frame is plastic and fabric can be added if you wish

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.044342
Retrieved Text: 100% Made in the USA; Durable and ultra-low maintenance synthetic wood assembled with 304 grade stainless steel hardware; The look and feel of real wood.
Amazon : Highwood Lynnport Rocking Chair, White : Patio .
Color, White. Item Dimensions, 44 x 32 x 27 inches. Material Type. Recycled Plastic; Marine-Grade Synthetic Wood. Model Number, AD-RKCH1-WHE. Shipping.
Rockers. The perfect chair for your porch, patio or pool, our “Lynnport” rocker has a traditional style but of course comes without the worry of weathering or.
Outdoor Rocking Chairs is retailer of premium plastic and wooden outdoor . Highwood USA Lehigh Rocking Chair Eco-Friendly Synthetic Wood $ 325.99.
Highwood USA, LLC. Weatherly Rocking Chair, Eco-Friendly .
highwood synthetic wood is truly "Nature's Closest Rival" and is the world's most realistic alternative to wood. This unique, ultra-low maintenance material.
Outdoor Horizontal Slat Synthetic Wood Rocking Chair - 85859 and .
Outdoor Horizontal Slat Synthetic Wood Rocking Chair Top View of Weathered Acorn Leg Details Side View Weathered Acorn Angled View Weathered Acorn.
This hand-crafted highwood rocking chair features a traditional design with vertical slats and a comfortable rocking . Synthetic wood delivers durable style.
Shop Wood Outdoor Rocking Chairs at Walmart - and save. Buy Mainstays . Highwood Marine-grade Synthetic Wood Lehigh Rocking Chair Weathered.
polywood rocking chairs . Time tested wooden furniture designs are followed to individually craft solid & sturdy . Outdoor Poly Furniture is Better Than Wood!
Garden Treasures Black Patio Rocking Chair . Garden Treasures Natural Patio Rocking Chair . POLYWOOD Presidential White Plastic Patio Rocking Chair.
Buy Patio Rocking Chairs at Wayfair. . Jonesboro Solid Wood Rocking Chair

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.360264
Retrieved Text: Partysaving Infinity Zero Gravity Rocking Chair Outdoor Lounge Patio Folding Reclining Chair Gpl1269, Black - Comes with a comfortable headrest. Support up to 260 lbs. Foldable for easy transportation. Adjustable reclining locking lounge chair, black. Made with power coated steel fame with uv-resistant mesh fabric.
Partysaving Infinity Zero Gravity Rocking Chair Outdoor Lounge Patio Folding Reclining Chair Gpl1271, Brown - Adjustable reclining locking lounge chair, brown. Comes with a comfortable headrest. Support up to 260 lbs. Made with power coated steel fame with uv-resistant mesh fabric. Foldable for easy transportation.
Patio Outdoor Rocking Chair White 2 Seat Pool Porch Deck - Patio outdoor rocking chair white 2 seat pool porch deck.
Cast Iron Powder Coated Outdoor Patio Rocking Chair: Ivory Design Backrest - 75″l. 33″h x 32. 250 lb. 5″w x 23. Hardware included for easy assembly. This classic patio rocker features a durable powder-coat steel frame for strength and a stylish cast-iron ivy back. Maximum weight capacity. Kick back and relax on your patio in the mosaictm ivy rocker.
Merax Cushioned Rattan Rocker Chair Rocking Armchair Chair Outdoor Patio Glider Lounge Wicker Chair Furniture with Cushion (Grey Cushion) - Two cushions included for increased comfort. Material pe brown rattan, aluminum frame, staple fiber fabric and sponge. Brown pe rattan, durable and water resistant. Overall size 265″ x 35″ x 315″ ( l x d x h),seat to ground 155″h seat cushion255″ x 225″ x 6″ (l x w h) back cushion 225″ x 205″ x 4″ (l x w x h ). A stylish and elegant addition to your

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.277737
Retrieved Text: In this article we will discuss the sling version of the outdoor swivel rocking chairs. The two styles of Home Styles chairs in this review will be the Daytona and South Beach. These type of chairs can be used in many areas in your outdoor space and can be purchased one at a time. I purchase very similar chairs for my front porch several years ago and they still look like new.
The big difference of these two chairs is their finished color, the Daytona is a charcoal and the South Beach is grey, every thing else is the same. They will swivel and have a rocking motion that is produced by a bracket that has steel bars for springs.
Now let me show you the details of these chairs and see if one will work for you.
Each of your outdoor swivel rocking chairs will be 23.75 inches wide, 28.5 inches deep and 43 inches tall. The seat will be about 18.5 inches square and 18 inches off the ground. The fabric is a vinyl coated polyester fabric, that most refer to as a sling material, it last very well in outdoor conditions. I have several chairs with this material and they have been outside for over 5 years with no sign of wear or tear.
Frames are made from aluminum with a powder coated finish. The swivel bracket is made from steel. Swivel motion will include 360 degrees if you have space. The rocking motion is supplied by the bars in the bracket, it is not a full

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.862038
Retrieved Text: Rocking Chair Acapulco Relax in the sunroom or living room with iconic , steel frame yellow. material steel plastic. Color yellow.
Accent Cabinet Mucia Narrow. felt lined drawers. Heavily antique with red undertones. doors with removable shelf. Antique.
Console Table Turtle Made from brass glass. Style old novelty. Top glass top. Top wood. Metal base wood. wood. Top wood. mate.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.747448
Retrieved Text: Segesta Armchairs, designed by Alfredo Häberli, are characterised for the geometrical shape of its back and armrests made of solid plastic material.
Suitable for a variety of applications such as dining, cafe, restaurant or breakout, the Segesta Chairs are available in a wide range of bases: four-leg (stove enamel steel or wood), sled (stove enamel steel) and rocking (stove enamel steel). Some of the base options are stackable up to ten chairs.
For a greater comfort, a soft pad cushion can be added to the Segesta Armchair.
The Segesta Chair is also available with a 5-star swivel base on castors and in a 4-star swivel base on glides to be used within a home office.
Segesta Tables are also available to match the Segesta Chairs.
You are requesting a price for the "Segesta Chair"
To create a new project and add "Segesta Chair" to it please click the button below.
To add "Segesta Chair" to an existing project please select below.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.325245
Retrieved Text: In the 1850s, when a rocking chair was a standard possession of North American settlers, the Collignon brothers of New Jersey invented a line of folding rocking chairs that could be more easily transported in a covered wagon. Based on these rockers, our plans and hardware kits preserve the character of this style. Plans include fully diagrammed instructions and full-size templates for all curved pieces.
The pivoting hardware packs include stainless-steel bolts and hard-to-find lock nuts. The hardware pack for the narrow chair includes 8 bolts, 8 lock nuts and 20 washers; the pack for the wide chair includes 14 bolts, 14 lock nuts and 36 washers. The narrow chair is 38" high, 17" wide, 33" deep and folds to 8" thick. The wide chair is 42" high, 23" wide, 35" deep and folds to less than 11" thick. Their compactness makes them well suited for any veranda, cabin or porch.
We recommend exterior-grade Baltic birch plywood for the curved pieces (chairs made with plywood usually have opaque finishes). Strip-laminated solid wood, albeit more challenging, is an equally suitable material.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.297216
Retrieved Text: Elizabeth Outdoor Patio 4 Swivel Rocker Club Chairs Cast Aluminum Dark Bronze, Walnut Cushions - 4 elizabeth swivel rocker club chairs dark bronze color solid cast aluminum. Seat and back cushions included, walnut color. Total size w29″ x d31″ x h34″ seat size w26″ xd23″ x h13″. 5yr warranty rust free. Assembly required.
All-weather Resin Outdoor Everyday Wicker Rocker, In Tan - Long-lasting, low maintenance construction. All-weather outdoor resin wicker furniture. A great value in all-purposed outdoor furniture ships motor freight. Durable, hand-woven resin wicker on power-coated steel frames. Size 27″w x 24″d x 31″h.
Outdoor Patio Metal Rocker Glider Bench with Beige Cushions - Includes one (1) outdoor glider rocking bench. Assembly required. Frame material iron, cushion material waterproof fabric. Enjoy the summer breeze on your face with this rocking outdoor glider bench made with iron and complete with waterproof fabric, this outdoor rocking bench is perfect for the great outdoors, allowing you to relax in comfort. Dimensions 2950″d x 4650″w x 3525″h.
Naturefun Outdoor Patio Rocker Chair, Balcony Glider Rocking Lounge Chair, All Weatherproof, Gray - High strength and rust free powder coated steel frame, supports up to 300 lbs. Cushions and blankets can be added for extra warmth and comfort in winter. Dimensions2953″x2362″x4133″. Assembly required with all necessary accessories, cushions and blankets are not included. Well ventilated bench seats glider smoothly without any noise.
International Caravan Monaco All-Weather Wicker Outdoor Rocker – Set of 2 - Steel frames. Cushion. Built-in uv protection. Their products can be found on the largest e-commerce websites as well as in america’s

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.622414
Retrieved Text: Chair made with Rolf Vector Pro tubular rims, and upholstered with Continental Sprinter 250 tubular tires. Made in 2005.
Rocking Chair made with bicycle rims (and a handlebar) and inner-tubes, 1996.
Bench commission for the Chicago Children's Museum on Navy Pier, 1994.
Chairs made for Keen shoe company. Bike rims frame. Cushions made with company logo banners.
Prototype for a bench commission for the Chicago Children's Museum on Navy Pier, 1994.
Rocking Chair made with bicycle rims and inner-tubes, 1994.
Carbon Fiber disc bicycle wheels mounted to a locking steel cabinet. Steel top.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.54054
Retrieved Text: The Lounge Seating Collection from Scandinavian brand Houe contains modern and contemporary outdoor furniture. Including footrests, lounge chairs and rocking chairs. The designer products from this collection are made from plastic lamellas and powder coated steel.
Never forget to make time for yourself with the Click Sun Lounger from iconic Scandinavian brand Hou..
It’s time to unwind and relax after that busy week, fall back and indulge yourself in the beautiful ..
The Lounge seating collection by Houe combine various outdoor resting chairs from each of their collections, this makes finding specifically what you’re looking for easy. Whether it’s an addition such as the Click footrest, or a statement piece such as the Sketch Rocking Chair. This collection has a selection of distinctive lounge pieces for any outdoor creative area. You can transform your space with any piece from this collection to truly show off your individual style. If you are in need of that burst of colour for your outside space, the modern Click Footrest comes in a well-polished colour range from darks to multicolours. A combination of the footrest in Pigeon Blue with the Lounge in Dusty Green will give your outdoor design space plenty of tropical feelings for summer. Or maybe something with a deeper tone? The Clips Rocking Chair with Bamboo armrests and wide plastic lamellas can blend nicely within a more muted scenery.
Each piece in this contemporary collection takes inspiration from their proud heritage of Scandinavian minimal design. With the clever use of natural material combined with man-made, Houe has created pieces of furniture

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.337538
Retrieved Text: Chair style, useful or otherwise, is a broad group thing that no home could do without. Rightly then, chair layouts have just gotten popular with time. Seeking the possibility in demand, developers from all over the world continuously design and also develop chairs in different styles, kinds and also shapes utilizing a series of products.
Chair, as noticeable, share a fundamental part in every room. It contributes to the design, heat and convenience of your residence. From living area to bed room, as well as from office to yard patio, chairs are an essential for each room. Choosing an excellent chair style could be an extensive job; it needs you to consider every element including material, coating, functional designs and also budget. It is likewise essential to take into consideration just how the specific chair would fair with various other products of interior decor. Chairs form an indispensable component of any kind of design mostly due to the fact that a chair communicates condition and way of life along with feeling and comfort.
Whether you want a chair for the dining room or for your yard, whether it is for the workplace cabin or simply a lounger for the living-room, a chair needs to look trendy and also feel comfortable. To guarantee this, designers around the globe have actually been producing diverse chair designs from a variety of products including timber, iron, steel, plastic, ceramic, glass, marble and also other innovative materials you can consider. If you’re a green style connoisseur, you can also obtain chair designed in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.000824
Retrieved Text: Aarnio was - and still is - one of the pioneers in using plastic in industrial design. Plastic material set the designers free to create every shape and use every color they wanted. This gave birth to objects oscillating between function and fun - but always fascinating ones.
Engaged in new ideas of furniture he designed the Ball Chair (or globe chair) already in 1963.
It was produced some years later. Material (fibreglass) and shape were complete novelties for that time's furniture industry. The fibreglass ball is build on a metal swiveling base, and upholstered with foam/fibrefill. The original colors were white, red, black and orange.
Sitting in this chair is a special experience, because all surrounding sounds are softed down, and it gives a certain feeling of privacy. Aarnio himself has a ball chair with a telephone in it, and some people had it fitted with speakers.
The Ball Chair is often used in sci fi films, and you?ll find it in magazines. Vivienne Westwood used some Ball Chairs in one of her shows. In the following years fibreglass as used in boat construction became one of Aarnio's favorite materials. The resistant and well workable fibreglass enabled Aarnio to design ergonomic forms without restrictions -and intriguing new ones too.
With Pastil Chair (American Industrial Design-Award 1968) and Tomato Chair he earned international reputation. Chairs like these can be used both indoors and outdoors, and they float! - Besides, Pastil Chair gives a new, extraordinary idea of what a rocking chair is.
Also in 1968 Aarnio designed the Bubble Chair, made from

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.891623
Retrieved Text: This rocking chair is a great addition to any room in your home, especially a bedroom or nursery. Complete with a buttoned back, extra cushioned seat for comfort, and covered arm rests for the ultimate in relaxation. With a mid-century design to complement any décor, this rocking chair is sure to please. Product Details Includes: One (1) Rocking Chair Material: Fabric Composition: 100% Polyester Frame Material: Birch Color available in: Grey, Muted Blue, Muted Green, Muted Orange, or Wheat Frame Finish: Light Walnut, Assembly Required Dimensions: 32.50"D x 25.50"W x 34.25"H Seat Width: 21.25" Seat Depth: 21.50" Seat Height: 19.00" Arm Height: 26.00"
Inspired by mid-century modern design, the Yashiya rocking chair has blended the retro feel of a vintage upholstered rocking chair with the quality, made-to-last design you'd expect from a modern piece of furniture. The result is our exclusive Yashiya Rocking Chair. Featuring polyester fabric in grey and a sturdy wood frame in a beautiful walnut finishing, this retro rocking chair feels right at home in a nursery, living room or any shared space. High back contoured design and ergonomic arm height add more charms to this piece. The Yashiya looks smart, modern, but comfortable can be a good rocking chair for nursery during middle of the night feedings and yet a pretty piece of furniture to accent the room. Made in Malaysia, the Yashiya requires assembly.
Sophisticated style and smooth, calming lines come together in the Martine rocking chair. This mid-century modern-inspired rocking chair features dark grey fabric upholstery with button-tufting details and a subtle

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.806423
Retrieved Text: Who doesn't love a good featured product? It's our chance to show off a particular product and delve deeper into the stuff you need to know about. We love all our products here at Lakeland Furniture - otherwise, we wouldn't sell them - but sometimes it's nice to focus on just one. And today, we've chosen to take a closer look at the RAR dining chair in white. Keep reading to find out why it's been chosen as our featured product this week.
Shop the RAR rocking chair here.
Beautiful design inspired by the Scandinavian countries is going nowhere. This iconic style has completely taken over the interior design world and we're totally loving it. Any Eames chair is perfect to add a touch of Scandi cool to your home but this rocking chair is even more fitting. Why? Well, not only does it boast clean lines and natural wood but the rocking feature allows total relaxation. And that's what the happiest countries in the world are all about, right? Take all of that and bundle it into a cool, white piece of furniture - you're about to seriously up your interior design game with this single product.
The RAR rocking chair is made mostly from ABS plastic, a strong, durable and sturdy material. So, you know that you're in safe hands. This plastic is renowned worldwide from its structurally sound properties - probably why it's used for so many different purposes. The seat of your rocking chair really will stand the test of time due to the ABS

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.754639
Retrieved Text: The Holiday's Sale is coming soon, but some rocking chair already have good sale prices. rocking chair is the good choice. If you do not would like to disappoint. Please check prices and buy rocking chair before the product is out of stock!! This time! the online shopping is very popular in the world. Purchases through the site quite easily. And there are many online stores. Now you can buy Winston Porter Post Rocking Chair with Cushion through online stores. But before you buy your first payment should be compared prices from other online stores. And discover customer reviews about Winston Porter Post Rocking Chair with Cushion wrote. To check on the credibility of online stores, we're going to buy.
Purchases that involve purely electronic transactions can be completed in a few seconds (or minutes, on a very busy day). If you buy rocking chair via the Web, you get confirmation in less than a minute.
If you would like to buy rocking chair . Please fee consider also the price including shipping fee for the good deals or choose product with free shipping service. If you're looking for rocking chair at low prices, We recommend a great online store that might be what you would like. Very comfortable for you. We recommend you to click to view the rocking chair price and read more information of rocking chair before to buy it. Do You Know Holiday's Deal is coming soon! Happy with Shopping Together.
What is the best month to buy Winston Porter Post Rocking Chair with Cushion?
What

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.461102
Retrieved Text: Consider seat height carefully when shopping for school chairs. A chair that is too small or too big is uncomfortable and distracting for students. Make sure to check the seat height and its compatibility with the ages and sizes of your students before purchasing. For example, a standard adult chair, which we recommend for 5th graders through adults, measures 17.5-18 inches from the floor to the top of the seat. Chairs are also available for the smallest students; a five-inch seat height is a great choice for children as young as one year old.
Use the chart below to determine the correct chair size for your students. If you're unsure of which size to order, we recommend the larger size in the suggested range. After all, students continue to grow throughout the school year.
We recommend ordering the size that will fit 75-100% of your students. Our friendly sales team is also happy to help you order the appropriate size. Call 1-800-260-2776 to speak with an expert.
If you are buying a chair for a particular child and want a precise fit, measure the child's leg from the floor to the bend at his or her knee. Get a chair with a seat height that is closest to this measurement.
Note: To ensure your new chairs work comfortably with desks and tables, order desks and tables with a tabletop height eight to 12 inches higher than the seat height of your chairs.
Stack Chairs are what people usually think of when they picture school chairs. These chairs easily stack one on

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.415535
Retrieved Text: This rocking chair is amazing rocking chair from Hokku Designs. This new rocking chair manufacturer by Hokku Designs. It will soon be out of stock soon. Please order this rocking chair before it is out of stock. If Hokku Designs Maxie Rocking Chair is out of stock, You will be disappointed because someone already ordered this Hokku Designs Maxie Rocking Chair. When you order some rocking chair. you will be eligible for free shipping. Please do not forget to choose free shipping too.
Maxie rocking chair invokes a relaxed mood. The sleek fence arms on this accent are handcrafted with a hardwood frame. Wood features a distressed exotic vintage effect. Chocolate microfiber upholstery is ideal for families with children and pets. Upholstered Seat Cushion Included: Yes Upholstered Back Cushion: Yes Porch Suitable: No Overall: 41 H x 33 W x 41.75 D Overall Product Weight: 25lb.
Hokku Designs Maxie Rocking Chair's Review.
Good quality Hokku Designs Maxie Rocking Chair at a really good price. Good customer service any time I phoned up and had any questions or queries about my order. Excellent service. Easy to order. Delivered before expected date. I ordered this rocking chair and I am very impressed with quality. I was very pleased with our rocking chair and how it was delivered themen who delivered it were very helpful. Great rocking chair and delivery people excellent in their professional attitude carrying up to first floor. Well pleased. Great company with quick delivery. Item purchased was exactly how it looked online. Would use again.
Customer can not say

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.32231
Retrieved Text: results 1 - 24 of 1598,partysaving infinity zero gravity rocking chair outdoor lounge patio folding reclining chair apl1272, navy blue.
that's why at Seventrust® outdoor furniture™ we offer several rocking chair styles,,in our signature colors which runs all the way through the composite material.
trex® outdoor furniture™ is made from high-performance, recycled milk jug lumber – soft to the touch, but tough against,yacht club rocking chair - txr100.
results 1 - 34 of 34,shop for outdoor rocking chairs at target. find outdoor rocking chairs.
shop black outdoor rocking chairs - choose from a huge selection of black outdoor rocking chairs from the most popular online stores at bhg.com shop.
great selection of recycled plastic patio furniture and accessories including,swings, maintenance free outdoor benches and high-density poly rocking chairs.
shop for wooden rocking chairs, rocking chairs, outdoor rocking chair, adirondack rocking chair and double rocking chair for less at walmart.com. save money.
outdoor rocking chairs at brookstone. shop now!
shop the best outdoor rocking chairs at brookstone.com for the ultimate outdoor living experience. also read real customer reviews for our outdoor rockers!
our huge selection of front porch swings, garden swings, patio swings. we have recently added outdoor gliders and rocking chairs to our growing selection.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.088715
Retrieved Text: Visitors of the Cologne furniture trade fair can relax perfectly at booth E21 in hall 3.2: there, Thonet presents the strikingly designed lounge chair 808 by the Formstelle design team and the limited edition of the S 826 rocking chair in the “Thonet Collect” series as new products. Added are the new versions of the bentwood classics – among them the famous Vienna coffee house chair 214 – that premiere as members of the “Pure Materials” series. Despite the wide range of collections presented by Thonet at imm cologne, a distinct line can be identified: all materials are coordinated in such a way that the most diversified products can be harmoniously combined.
The new lounge chair 808 by Formstelle plays with the contrast between protective shell and openness. As a modern reinterpretation of the classic wing chair, it offers a place for withdrawal and rest. Its protective seat shell is covered with upholstery that is reminiscent of waves; thanks to a specially developed integrated spring it can be moved into various seat and backrest inclinations. The new program thus promises maximum comfort. Visually, too, the 808 presents itself as a flexible piece: the designers based their design concept on six different colour worlds for which leather, formable fleece and fabric are used. Formstelle exclusively developed the fabric “Soul” in cooperation with the textile manufacture Rohi for the chair 808. Three different frame versions (wood with bentwood elements, flat steel and bent tubular steel) and a footstool round off the programme.
The “Thonet Collect” series, which brings together limited

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.061153
Retrieved Text: Chair design, practical or otherwise, is a broad classification item that no residence could do without. Rightly after that, chair layouts have actually only obtained preferred with time. Looking for the opportunity popular, designers from around the globe continuously style and also develop chairs in various designs, forms and also forms utilizing a series of materials.
Chair, as evident, share a vital part in every space. It contributes to the design, heat and comfort of your home. From living room to bedroom, as well as from residence office to yard patio, chairs are an essential for every room. Picking a perfect chair design could be a strenuous job; it requires you to take right into account every aspect including material, finish, ergonomics and budget. It is also important to take into consideration just how the certain chair would certainly reasonable with various other products of indoor décor. Chairs form an essential part of any design mainly since a chair connects condition and also lifestyle along with emotion and comfort.
Whether you desire a chair for the dining space or for your yard, whether it is for the workplace cabin or just a lounger for the living room, a chair ought to look elegant as well as really feel comfy. To guarantee this, developers around the world have been developing varied chair layouts from a variety of products including timber, iron, steel, plastic, ceramic, glass, marble and various other cutting-edge products you can assume of. If you’re an eco-friendly design fanatic, you could also get chair designed in recycled

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.016563
Retrieved Text: Rocking chairs have been the preferred method of watching a sunset or soaking in the world outside your front door for nearly three centuries. Rocking chairs were initially used primarily in gardens, and resembled simple dining chairs with sloped rockers attached to their feet.
We’ve come a long way in furniture design over the course of 300 years, and now there are a dizzying variety of styles, materials, and colors to choose from. Each individual rocking chair is designed for specific environments and uses, making the shopping process potentially confusing or frustrating. Luckily we’ve collected our considerable knowledge about this classic outdoor furniture item in one place so you can buy a rocking chair with confidence.
How comfortable is the material?
How does the material stand up to outdoor weather conditions?
How long does the material last, and how much value does it provide?
How does the material look, and how does the design complement your space?
How often do you need to clean the material?
Softwoods like pine are popular choices for making rocking chairs, as the material is abundant and relatively inexpensive.
Softwood is easily dented or scratched and is not very durable, leading to a worsened appearance quickly.
Softwood must be varnished if placed outside, and will degrade quickly in the elements regardless.
Softwood is a less expensive material.
Hardwoods like oak are longer-lasting than softwoods, but must be regularly maintained.
Hardwoods are resilient, meaning it is hard to scratch or dent hardwood rocking chairs.
Hardwood must be stained or varnished if used outdoors, and must be revarnished to maintain quality.
Hardwood is a moderately expensive material.
Wicker

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.903152
Retrieved Text: Chair design, functional or otherwise, is a wide classification product that no home could do without. Appropriately after that, chair designs have actually just gotten prominent with time. Looking for the opportunity popular, developers from worldwide continuously design as well as produce chairs in different designs, kinds and also shapes making use of a variety of products.
Chair, as noticeable, share a crucial part in every space. It adds to the design, warmth and comfort of your home. From living space to bed room, and from office to yard patio, chairs are a must-have for every room. Choosing a perfect chair layout could be a strenuous task; it needs you to take into consideration every element consisting of product, finish, ergonomics and budget plan. It is additionally important to think about just how the specific chair would reasonable with other things of interior design. Chairs create an integral component of any type of decoration greatly because a chair interacts standing as well as way of life in addition to emotion and convenience.
Whether you desire a chair for the dining-room or for your yard, whether it is for the workplace cabin or merely a lounger for the living space, a chair must look fashionable and also really feel comfy. To ensure this, designers around the world have actually been creating different chair layouts from a variety of products including timber, iron, steel, plastic, ceramic, glass, marble and other innovative materials you can consider. If you’re an eco-friendly design connoisseur, you can also get chair created in recycled material.
A

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.896648
Retrieved Text: What Is So Fascinating About Nursery Rocking Chair?
Nursery Rocking Chair – The very first step is to determine what type of rocking chair you would like for your infant’s room to go to some stores. You’ll also need to make sure whatever kind of chair you get is sturdy and well built. A chair that isn’t comfortable will serve no excellent use. It’s not astonishing that these chairs continue to be in high insisting. So you will need a rocking chair that’s stable and comfortable. Plastic rocking chairs for children are offered at different size in line with the age of children.
To do this, you could secure your couches with slip covers. An accent chair is really a decoration accent in a room an embellishment that delivers an unnecessary be conscious of color and fashion. Indoor rocking chairs have a significant lot of main features which you will discover on almost every rocking chair. Children’s rocking chairs are offered at different dimensions and styles. Since the rocking chair will be in a constant motion, make sure no squeaking sound is created by it. Some nursery rocking chairs are created with natural wood and while they might be a little costlier, they can offer a lot better visual look than wood which has been processed. In conclusion, as there are all those distinct varieties of nursery rocking chairs available it’ll decidedly be possible that you acquire the one which matches your very own personal criteria, with some research beforehand.
Glider chairs can assist you a lot, apart from

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.850294
Retrieved Text: Airous Rocking Wicker Chair Lounge Chair-Auto Adjustable Sofa-with Thick Cushion-for Indoor & Outdoor, Porch, Garden, Backyard or Pool（Beige） – Great product. Works as it should.
This Airous that is ranked in the Amazon’s best-selling list. The Airous Rocking Wicker Chair Lounge Chair-Auto Adjustable Sofa-with Thick Cushion-for Indoor & Outdoor, Porch, Garden, Backyard or Pool（Beige） are warranted according to the return policies was applied to all items sold on Amazon. Product here are very good, at reasonable prices and are rapidly transported: Usually ships in 1-2 business days.
When you need new garden and outdoor furniture, you’re naturally looking for the best porch rocking chairs reviews, this Airous Rocking Wicker Chair Lounge Chair-Auto Adjustable Sofa-with Thick Cushion-for Indoor & Outdoor, Porch, Garden, Backyard or Pool（Beige） is the best cheapest price on the web i have searched. The product is well appreciated by customers. The Airous is equipped with a large number of features that makes it great product. There’s a special offer on Airous this week, and buying now can save you a significant amount of money.
Comfort Rocking Chair – This wicker lounge Chair comes with thick beige cushion and a perfect ergonomic design bring you dreamy rocking feeling when you read a magazine or having a cozy nap in sunshine.
Stable Wicker & Steel Frame – The all weather resistant outdoor rocking chair is crafted by powder-coated steel frame and PE wicker. Durable reinforced frame design supports up to 400lbs for long-lasting use, meeting the needs of various weight groups；It will against rust when the furniture is exposed to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.845161
Retrieved Text: POLYWOOD Outdoor Furniture | Rethink Outdoor Ours is creating comfortable & stylish outdoor furniture that's great for the Earth and ... porch rocking chairs, deep seating rockers, and Adirondack rocking chairs.
Outdoor Rocking Chairs Products 1 40 of 392 ... Benches & Home GymBoxing & MMAEllipticalsExercise BikesFitness ..... Mainstays Outdoor Natural Wood Slat Rocking Chair ... POLYWOOD Presidential Recycled Plastic Rocking Chair ..... Pickup discount eligible.
Outdoor Rocking Chairs | Patio Rocking Chairs Kmart Naturefun Patio Swing Glider Bench Chair, Garden Glider Rocking Loveseat ... Indoor Outdoor Home Wooden Patio Rocking Chair Porch Rocker Set Glider W/.
Patio Rocking Chairs | Results 1 24 of 552 ... Online shopping for Rocking Chairs from a great selection at Patio ... Wood Outdoor Rocking Chair, Wooden Rocking Chairs… ..... Chair w/2 SeatsAyaMastro Tan Textile Fiber Glider Rocking Bench Loveseat Armchair S ... International Caravan Wicker Resin/Steel Patio Rocking Chair (Antique Pecan) P.
Rocking Chairs Patio Furniture | Find Great Outdoor Seating ... Results 1 60 of 220 ... Nuna Outdoor Wood Rocking Chair w/ Cushion (Set of 2) by .... International Caravan Chelsea Resin Wicker Porch Rocker (Set of 2).
Porch Rocking Chair | eBay Wood Rocking Chair With Armrest Front Porch Patio Indoor Outdoor Multiple .... Porch Rocking Chair Solid Wood Home Traditional Bench Furniture Outdoor.
Rocking Furniture Shop Poly or Wood Gliders, Porch Swings and ... Proud Retailers of Luxcraft Furniture, A&L Furniture, Wildridge, Malibu Outdoor Living, Dixie Seating, Highwood USA, Seventrust Furniture and Leisure Lawns Collection. ... Outdoor Benches · Tortuga Outdoors · Perfect Choice ..... LuxCraft 5' Rollback Recycled Plastic

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.841875
Retrieved Text: Spinner Books for Adults Rocking Chair Puzzlers Brain Teasers - Hundreds of fun questions for adults and teens, in one compact volume. Spinner books are the books you can play, with a deluxe spinner tucked inside the back cover of each book. University games offers you and your family creative games that are easy to learn and fun to play. Sit back, relax and solve the rocking chair puzzlers brain teasers from the university games spinner books collection. Great for travel, parties, or any time.
Baby Doll Bedding Zebra Minky Adult Rocking Chair Cushion Set by BabyDoll Bedding - All tools included. Classic design, natural hardwood. Baby doll bedding zebra minky adult rocking chair cushion set. Baby doll bedding zebra minky adult rocking chair cushion set.
Spinner Books for Adults Rocking Chair Puzzlers Secret Identities - The most fun you can have sitting down. Spinner books are the books you can play, with a deluxe spinner tucked inside the back cover of each book. University games offers you and your family creative games that are easy to learn and fun to play. Great for travel, parties, or any time. Sit back, relax and solve the rocking chair puzzlers secret identities from the university games spinner books collection.
The Mid Century Adult Rocking Chair With Arms – Beige - Made from a durable batch dyed polypropylene shell with a stainless steel eiffel base. Minimal assembly required. Seat height 145 in. Solid ash hardwood rocking chair runners add gentle motion to seating comfort. 24 in w x 245 in d x

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.802505
Retrieved Text: Rocking chair sofa - In case you refresh your dwelling in line with what your home entails, you should indulge in even more ease. With house improvements, you may look after the function of your dwelling now and again. The easy route to improve the home might be to deal with not working stuff in your home.
Many of us enjoy free time with good friends in living room. This place should be breezy with lots of daylight during the day. You may upgrade the floor rocking chair sofa surface with carpets and the wall space with stylish frames.
The key rule has been to use not too many home furniture for a not large house. Enjoyment can be the leading reason should you obtain furniture for your living room. Furniture differ in price tag, there are the one that matches the needs.
Product rocking chairs. Swivel rocking recliner chair. Wholesale rocking chair. Frame wooden rocking chairs. Disney princess rocking chair. Rocking recliner sofa. Rocking loveseat sofa.
Two grid house windows would bring down the warmth of your dwelling. Rocking chair sofa steel doors can be less risky than lumber doors. Should you are aware of finest methods to freshen up your house, your later step might be to give the work to a contractor.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.775154
Retrieved Text: Chair style, useful or otherwise, is a broad category item that no residence can do without. Appropriately then, chair styles have actually only gotten preferred with time. Seeking the chance sought after, developers from around the globe constantly style as well as develop chairs in different styles, types as well as forms using an array of products.
Chair, as evident, share an integral part in every area. It contributes to the style, heat and comfort of your residence. From living space to room, and from office to garden patio area, chairs are a must-have for every single room. Selecting a best chair layout could be a rigorous job; it requires you to think about every facet including product, coating, functional designs and budget. It is additionally important to take into consideration just how the chair would certainly reasonable with other products of indoor design. Chairs form an integral component of any décor largely because a chair connects status as well as way of life along with feeling and comfort.
Whether you want a chair for the dining area or for your garden, whether it is for the workplace cabin or simply a lounger for the living room, a chair must look stylish and also feel comfortable. To ensure this, developers around the globe have been developing diverse chair styles from a variety of materials consisting of timber, iron, steel, plastic, ceramic, glass, marble and also various other ingenious products you could assume of. If you’re an eco-friendly design enthusiast, you could also get chair designed in recycled material.
A

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.767788
Retrieved Text: There are definitely a lot of methods that can be used to lose weight, the most significant of which are exercise and a balanced diet. However, no matter how conscientious you may be in your weight loss efforts, the changes will still not happen overnight. In the meantime, it doesn't help if you can't be comfortable in your own home because of the excess weight you are carrying around.
Now, it's been often said that one of the most comfortable chairs in existence today is the papasan chair. For sure, there are very few other seating options can beat the papasan chair in terms of comfort but the question is whether they are durable enough to take on the weight of an obese person or not.
So does this mean that overweight people won't be able to enjoy the experience of lounging in a papasan chair? Not necessarily. These days, there are modern versions of the papasan chair that are made with a more durable material than rattan or wicker. Some of the materials that you can choose from are a stronger type of wood and steel. There are even a few papasan chairs today whose frames are made entirely of PVC, and they are said to be able to comfortably seat a person weighing as much as 400 pounds.
Still, there is the question of getting into and out of the papasan chair. For an overweight person who has never tried sitting on these chairs, just the idea of having to lower your behind onto the seat and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.67749
Retrieved Text: The Spanish Bay collection defines outdoor spaces with original artistry and classic sophistication. This collection delivers elegance beyond the expected. Throughout each piece, artisans have made their mark on luxury outdoor with intricate woven-aluminum details creating a durable and heavy duty appeal. With weather resistant fabric cushions and a multi-stage finishing process, the Spanish Bay cushioned swivel rocker delivers lasting outdoor comfort. Rocking action provides added ease. Overall: 41 H x 25.5 W x 35 D Overall Product Weight: 50lb.
Everyone know patio rocking chair is a good product. Many peoples are waiting to buy patio rocking chair with special discount price. Many peoples prepare to buy patio rocking chair on winter or special event times But Many peoples don't know patio rocking chair may be out of stock soon Today you should to check amount product in stock to buy patio rocking chair before it was out of stock. Buy new patio rocking chair, No crowds! The best reason to shop online by far. who wants to scrum their way through a crowded store? Set up your laptop and sit with a shortbread biscuit and mug of tea. Bliss.
What is the best month to buy Leona Spanish Bay Swivel Rocking Chair with Cushion?
What should I look for in Leona Spanish Bay Swivel Rocking Chair with Cushion?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.557407
Retrieved Text: Publish by in Category decorating ideas at November 6th, 2018. Tagged with best outdoor rocking chairs. cheap outdoor rocking chair. folding outdoor rocking chairs. outdoor rocking chair. outdoor rocking chair australia. outdoor rocking chair canada. outdoor rocking chair clearance. outdoor rocking chair costco. outdoor rocking chair covers. outdoor rocking chair cushions. outdoor rocking chair folding. outdoor rocking chair ikea. outdoor rocking chair kit. outdoor rocking chair lowes. outdoor rocking chair modern. outdoor rocking chair pads. outdoor rocking chair plans. outdoor rocking chair runners. outdoor rocking chair set. outdoor rocking chair uk. outdoor rocking chair white. outdoor rocking chairs. outdoor rocking chairs black. outdoor rocking chairs cheap. outdoor rocking chairs clearance. outdoor rocking chairs for sale. outdoor rocking chairs home depot. outdoor rocking chairs walmart.
Outdoor Rocking Chair have 30 picture of decorating ideas, it's including Outdoor Rocking Chair Phenomenal Kettal Landscape The Longest Stay Decorating Ideas 1. Outdoor Rocking Chair Amazing Amazon Com Steel Mesh Patio Set Garden Decorating Ideas 2. Outdoor Rocking Chair Sensational Interiors Eucalyptus Furniture Decorating Ideas 3. Outdoor Rocking Chair Astonish Amazon Com Hunter Green 600 Lb Capacity Decorating Ideas 4. Outdoor Rocking Chair Dubious Porch Chairs Target Decorating Ideas 5.

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To get a video game console for a cheap price,

Choice 1: look for the console on a website that sells used goods.

Choice 2: look up which console is the cheapest one in store.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.393772
Retrieved Text: In this advanced technological world playing online games is one on the most common thing. FIFA coins are also referred as FIFA ultimate coins (FUT). This is the currency of the game FIFA ultimate team and this is used by the players to purchase players, consumables and packs. Even players can build the FUT coins on Xbox, PC or play station for building the ultimate team. They can build coins on any of these consoles they like to play on. They can buy cheap fifa coins from the sites that offer FIFA coins for some cheap price.
Players can also get the cheap FIFA coins on any of these consoles. For this they have to choose a website that enable players to buy the FUT coins on any consoles or platforms they used to play the game. By spending some small time in the internet will let them to find such site that offers FIFA coins for playing the game on any of the platform.
People can buy cheap fifa coins for PC by using the modern technology. If players have enough amounts of fifa coins, they are able to have enough money for purchasing the players such as messi, ronaldo and ribery. They can buy any of the best players they want to form their ultimate team stronger. They can select the needed amount of coins they need to play the game in PC from the sites that sells the FIFA 14 or 15 coins.
They can get the coins for cheap price if they have found the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.796652
Retrieved Text: Traditional Mangalsutra is a piece of the jewel which ladies take as a symbol of their marriage in Indian culture. The modern women of present society wear traditional mangalsutra with black beads which are available in different designs. Traditional Mangalsutra has been transformed into a unique avatar which is modern yet stylish. The traditional mangalsutra’s can be purchased with various designs from shops and online as well. Online shopping provides a comfort of home and you can select any traditional mangalsutra designs by sitting at home without any extra charge. A plethora of traditional mangalsutra with black beads is available at CS Jewellers. It is a traditional and cultural symbol of Indian society and it’s a must jewel in most parts of the country to be worn by married women. Traditional Mangalsutra with black beads symbolizes a love bond of a wife with her husband. They also wear it for the long life of their husband. Chandukaka Saraf & Sons Pvt Ltd has an array of patterns in traditional mangalsutra with a variety of designs as well. The company deals in contemporary designs also but they specialize in traditional Mangalsutra designs. The selection of each design of traditional mangalsutra with black beads has been done in an aesthetic way.
On-line games have replaced the retro arcades that many of us knew as a kid and beloved. These arcades had been a location you could relax, enjoy games and have fun. Way back at that time, people could not have fun with those kinds of games anywhere else

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.513414
Retrieved Text: With 2012 coming up fast, many of us are wishing and hoping for a fruitful, healthy year, preferably free of Mayan-predicted doomsdays. Conversely, in our darker moods, we think about ways in which the new year might be a soul-sucking series of struggles.
Games vying for people’s time — It’s a busy world, and it ain’t getting any less busy. That means less and less time for video games–and the problem with that is, kids and adults alike have more game choices than ever before. Developers, publishers, and console engineers are going to have to find creative new ways to grab people’s attention, money, and time. Let’s hope their attempts don’t get too obnoxious.
Console transition — The Wii U will launch in 2012, and it’s highly likely we’ll get a peek at what Sony and Microsoft have waiting under the sheets. It’s been a long, long console generation, and we’re all eager to get on to the next stage. That’s why 2012 is going to be a bit of an awkward year for the Wii, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3: we’ll have to decide if we’re going to spend money on games for those systems, or if we’re going to start stashing away for the next consoles in line.
Social game oversaturation — Is social gaming a bubble on the verge of bursting? Not quite, but there are a lot of free games out there, and a saddening number of them are clones of each other. Zynga, the king of social games, is having troubles of its own,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.706564
Retrieved Text: There are 26 offers ranging from 11.63€ to 19.99€.
Really good price for PC and consoles. I can take the best competitive price from allkeyshop.
Great console game that is finally coming to PC, and at a good price too!
Onimusha Warlords is awesome game, you can buy it now with best price.
Onimusha is among top ten games that I was waiting to get remastered. Great classic!
Gamesplanet has a very cheap price for this game and it’s a trustworthy store!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.322325
Retrieved Text: Versus Mode: Can libraries extend the value of a video game?
Paul doesn’t know that I’m doing this, so we’ll see if he responds. He and I have been a tad busy this summer with a variety of things, so we haven’t been as active with our Versus Mode as we would have liked. This is my first attempt to revive the series.
In a recent post, Opposable Thumbs explored the topic of what appears to be the shrinking gaming dollar. These days, games for the XBOX 360 and PS3 cost around 60 bucks each. That’s a lot of money for a video game, and in some cases, the games are shorter, not longer, than the games of the previous console generation. Do the newer games offer additional value to merit the $60 price tag? Do the fancier graphics make the price tag easier to swallow, even if there is not as much gameplay? These are some of the questions gamers have to wrestle with when deciding if and when to buy a title. Personally, I have yet to get a PS3 or a XBOX360, although I will likely get a PS3 someday. I’m holding off for a cheaper price on the console and also cheaper prices on games. Most of my games that I have on my PS2 and my PSP were bought as greatest hits titles with the discounted price of around 20 dollars. WIth the cheaper prices, my dollar goes a lot farther. As an example, I recently paid 15 bucks for Ratchet & Clank:

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.315876
Retrieved Text: Consoles and gaming PCs are often expensive, because you want to play video games certainly not the full price of 50 to 70 euros. You can buy games for PC, PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo Switch also cheap, but the possibilities are not everyone aware. We’ll explain how to save money on the game.
Before you buy an expensive game with stomachache, you might want to ask yourself: “Will I get the game cheaper too?” There are very often ways to get games significantly cheaper than 50 to 70 euros.
If you like to buy games in shops, you should look for so-called “Grabbelkisten”. In the vicinity of current games at full price, there are sometimes boxes in shops with significantly reduced games. Maybe there are some video games that are not that old yet.
But many of you may not go to shops but buy online and here are a variety of options. Time and again, retailers such as Amazon , Saturn or Media Market offer games on offer, often only as a daily offer or only for a few days. Look out for such offers and you might even get new games for half the price.
There is also a small savings for Amazon Prime subscribers. You get a discount of two euros for games that are pre-orderable. However, the promotion only applies to physical games that sell and ship through Amazon.
You should also check out the game networks of publishers and console manufacturers. PS4 players regularly find games down in the PlayStation Store, Xbox One players look

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.079853
Retrieved Text: There are 11,031 wholesale handheld fan suppliers, mainly located in Asia. The top supplying countries are China (Mainland), Hong Kong, and South Korea, which supply 99%, 1%, and 1% of wholesale handheld fan respectively. Wholesale handheld fan products are most popular in North America, Western Europe, and Domestic Market.
Alibaba offers 4,745 mini handheld microphone products. About 85% of these are microphone, 1% are earphone & headphone, and 1% are professional audio, video & lighting. A wide variety of mini handheld microphone options are available to you, such as computer microphone, karaoke microphone.
Oximeter, Finger Pulse Oximeter, Digital Handheld Finger Pulse Oximeter manufacturer / supplier in China, offering 2018 New Digital Handheld Finger Pulse Oximeter for Sale, Wholesale Cheap Mini CPAP Machines for Trea Sleep Apnea Paitent, Exported to Worldwide Auto Portable CPAP Machines with Oxygen Concentrator and so on.
New Mini TV Video Game Console for NES 620, Play Console with Retail Boxes, Hot Sale PAL&NTSC Dual Gamepad, Fast Shipping ... 2018 Newest Arrival Mini TV Video Handheld Game Console 620 Games 8 Bit Entertainment System For Nes Classic Games Nostalgic Host Cradle DHL. ... We have the latest wholesale , 3 inch android 4.3 inch handheld and so on.
China Wholesale Handheld Game - Select 2019 Wholesale Handheld Game products from verified China Wholesale Handheld Game manufacturers, suppliers on Made-in-China.
handheld mini projector manufacturer/supplier, China handheld mini projector manufacturer & factory list, find qualified Chinese handheld mini projector manufacturers, suppliers, factories, exporters & wholesalers quickly on Made-in-China.
Wholesale Cheap Portable Mini Handheld Game Console Retro TV Video Handheld Game Consoles.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.019249
Retrieved Text: > Cheap Xbox 360 - Elite> Xbox 360 For Sale Cheap> Video Games-----------------------------------** Top Games **360 GamesAccessoriesMultiple Games / SystemsOther StuffXbox 360 For Sale Cheap-----------------------------------All Video Games Advanced <-- Click advanced for more search options.
The Xbox 360 Elite is the latest model in Microsoft's line of consoles. This unit is the mack-daddy, all the bells and whistles, no-holds-barred whole enchilada of Xbox gaming!
If you want the best of the best, with no compromises, and you do a lot of gaming, the Elite model is for you. These units come with the larger 120 GB hard drives, wireless controller, HD cables, online gaming headset with mic, and the unit comes molded in black. HDMI output is included with every Elite console.
There are a couple of game-themed Elite consoles available, such as the Modern Warfare 2 edition, and the Forza Motorsport 3 edition. These machines are limited edition runs, and are much more difficult to come by. They essentially are the same, less packed-in games and cosmetic theming on the console and controller.
If you're more interested in the more mainstream console that has what most gamers need, check out the Pro Premium Model.
If you strive for the best product possible, the Elite console is the choice for you. These units are the only ones you can get molded in different colors, have the largest hard drives, and come with the most accessories.
Click on the links above for additional pages of Elite console listings. Thanks for visiting 360maniac.com!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.986551
Retrieved Text: Find the best selection of playstation 4 console here at Dhgate.com. Source cheap and high quality products in hundreds of categories wholesale direct from China.
Compare prices on playstation 4 to find great deals and save big.Order a custom PS4 console with hot hue colors like formula red.
GameStop: Buy PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB System, Sony, PlayStation 4, Find release dates, customer reviews, previews and screenshots.All PlayStation, Xbox and Nintendo hot games deals in one place. PlayStation 4 consoles (7) PlayStation 4 consoles, 7 products. If children will be using the PlayStation 4.
RelatedSony Black Friday 2017 Deals Include a 1 TB PlayStation 4 for. the PlayStation VR Worlds package will be. in the United States and Canada.
Shop Target for PlayStation 4 you will love at great low prices. deals shows more content. BOGO. and enhance your games with PlayStation Headsets.Sony PlayStation 4 (Jailbroken). Canada. Ships to: Canada.
Black Friday will be here soon, as will tons of great deals on PlayStation 3 games, consoles and accessories.
PlayStation 4. The package also includes an over-the-range microwave and a tall-tub dishwasher that includes.
Design the PlayStation 4 console of your dreams with color options from Colorware.PlayStation 4 (PS4) is a line of eighth generation home video game consoles developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment.
The Sony PlayStation 4 is now available to purchase. PS4 Release Date Arrives: 5 Things You Need To Know About The New PlayStation 4. including Canada and the.
You can subscribe to the game and receive a free email when the price drops.Learn about the Sony Playstation 3D Gaming Display Package at

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.885061
Retrieved Text: After a last-minute delay, the Nvidia Shield will finally (hopefully) be released later this month. Shield is an Android-based (get used to that phrase) portable game console with a 5-inch screen and built-in, Xbox-like controls.
Why you should care: Shield will be one of the first devices on the market to house Nvidia's latest and (most likely) greatest ARM processor, the Tegra 4. Also, if you own an Nvidia GTX 650 or later, you'll be able to stream your PC games directly to the console over Wi-Fi. We're talking full (but select) PC games here.
Why you should run for the hills: PC game streaming will only be in beta when the console launches, and the question remains of whether $299 is yet low enough to be successful.
The Ouya is the very successfully Kickstarter-funded Android-based video game console that connects to your TV with an HDMI cable. It comes with one Ouya-made (Ouya is also the name of the company) controller.
Why you should care: The Ouya costs only $100 and pretty much anyone can develop for it, even you. Also, all the games are free to try (you can play any game for an hour before most games ask you to fork some cash over) and TowerFall (currently an Ouya exclusive) is one of the best games of 2013.
Why you should run for the hills: Too many games not worth your time, and the squeaky, cheap controller will leave you (and your fingers) in a particularly depressive state.
The PlayJam GameStick may be the smallest console ever built. The

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.729416
Retrieved Text: Playmax MX1 Universal Console Gaming Headset Compatible with all major gaming consoles including PlayStation 4, Xbox One and more.
"It's a good product and fits all the requirements I have for it."
"I loved the cheap but professional price and quality of this headset but I did not like how you did not like that you can't use the mic and the headset at the same time"
"For my preteen son, these were a good starter. Pretty average but worth there price"
From the console to the couch, the Playmax MX1 is YOUR perfect stereo gaming headset.
While using it with PS4 others unable to hear me speak without yelling into the Mic. Does anyone have this problem? Have gone to Audio devices - Adjust microphone level and still no go.
A bit too much bass, can be really muffled depending on what game you're playing. Besides that, it does the job.A bit too much bass, can be really muffled depending on what game you're playing. Besides that, it does the job.
For the price it's definitely worth it.
Feels a bit plastic-y and doesn't cushion the ears too well.
Mic is pretty average but it does work. It's cheap. Great backup/cheap replacement if you need a spare for game nights/etc!For the price it's definitely worth it.
Mic is pretty average but it does work. It's cheap. Great backup/cheap replacement if you need a spare for game nights/etc!
Useless, dont get these just a waste of money.Useless, dont get these just a waste of money.
It's a good product and fits all the requirements I have for it.It's

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.6754
Retrieved Text: Google is rumored to be working on a streaming based game console code named Yeti.
Google is now working on entering the video game industry, as Google has been working behind the scenes to develop a gaming platform that could be a fierce competitor to PlayStation and Xbox. Gaming and the platforms have been around for years, but recently the majority of consoles have been developed by Microsoft, Nintendo, and Sony.
Google previously broke into the gaming industry with the help of YouTube but has struggled at creating an actual strong-performing device. They previously introduced an Android-based console several years ago.
Screen Rant reported that Google has hired video game executive Phil Harrison. Phil Harrison previously worked at Sony and Microsoft. Recently, they have been on a hiring spree.
Google has been poaching talent from console manufacturers and publishers such as EA. During this past E3 event, Google met with several video game companies to gauge interest in a Google console device. Kotaku reported that Google also met with developers at the Game Developers Conference last March.
Google is planning a streaming platform, code-named Yeti. The company is also working at buying development studios entirely. Google's Yeti would allow cheap PCs to play high-end games. Streaming has become key to video game developers, with the biggest advantage of streaming is that it removes hardware barricades. Streaming games can reach a bigger audience if users don't need an expensive graphics card or console.
Google wants to create a streaming platform that could run on less expensive computers, such as Chromebooks. The company appears

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.450275
Retrieved Text: XBOX Cabela's Top Shot FearMaster Peri..
Logisys Corp. 12VDC 4 Station Remote C..
Mod Freakz Ps4 Console And Controller ..
Brand: Ultima Cords & Cab..
Ultima Cords & Cables 6 in 1 2.4G ..
Purple : Aluminum Metal 3D Analog Joys..
4Pcs Clean : 4Pcs Thumb Stick Joystick..
White Blue : IVYUEEN 4 pcs Silicone An..
Black Blue : IVYUEEN 4 pcs Silicone An..
Rubber Silicone Cap Thumbstick Thumb S..
HAOBA 8pcs/lot Rubber Silicone Cap Thu..
Black : 2pcs/lot Multicolor For PS4 Me..
COLOR 1 : VPLAY 50 PCS Non-slip Silico..
Green : 10pcs Rubber Silicone Cap Thum..
Green : 1Piar=2PCS CQC FPS Thumb Grip ..
COLOR 5 : VPLAY 50 PCS Non-slip Silico..
2 Pcs Replacement Silicone Thumbsticks..
10pcs/lot Height Stick Enhanced Kit Si..
Black Blue : 50PCS=25PAIR For XBOX360 ..
Silver : 2pcs Universal 3D Thumbstick ..
Nothing is more pleasing than unwrapping a new gaming console, except tricking out your console to make it better than your friend's. There are an overwhelming number of playstation accessories currently available, but some of the cheap PS4 accessories are frivolous. But, some of them aren't; there are tons of great PS4 accessories that deserve your hard-earned money and will enhance your PlayStation 4 gaming experience. Alternatively, you can also check out cheap PS3 accessories by availing discount vouches and promo codes.
Buying a new PlayStation 4 controller or other accessory can be confusing since there are so many options on the market at such a wide range of prices. With this in mind, you can take your pick from playstation accessories sale with the best balance between performance, features, build quality and price to find the very

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.322407
Retrieved Text: Have you been waiting for an affordable way to upgrade your gaming experience? Get ready for more game time with Microsoft. Our Waycross store has the video game console at the price you want, so you can play (and pay!) your way. You can get all kinds of video games too, from classics to new releases. Whether you want to play solo or go multi-player, opt for arcade games or fantasy worlds, Microsoft's platform enhances any game, of any genre! As a famous computer giant with over three decades of unprecedented success, it's no surprise that Microsoft is a successful producer of video game consoles. As the brand behind the development and production of the Microsoft Xbox, Xbox 360, and Xbox One, the brand is always looking for ways to help gamers do what they love most—play!
Luckily for gamers in Waycross, upgrading to a new Microsoft console doesn't have to mean overpaying for the latest and greatest. There are plenty of flexible options with RAC financing, which means you can pay for your Microsoft console at a pace that's right for you. You won't even have to worry about credit, since no credit is needed.** Call or visit your nearby Rent-A-Center location today for Microsoft video game consoles at affordable prices. When it comes to having the latest technology, renting is one of the best ways to make sure you always have the latest and greatest.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.289486
Retrieved Text: wall mounted video game storage video game console storage organizer great cd and video racks video game controller rack wall mount video game console rack fanciful gaming storage universal wall mount video game console rack formidable tv stand gaming storage hub for xbox home interior.
wall mounted video game storage game console shelf gaming video wall storage stand mounted c wall mounted clear video game storage.
wall mounted video game storage wall mount dvd storage shelf wall mounted wood shelving storage organizer shelf wall video game x wall mount dvd storage video game console shelf ikea show us your collection pat pats game.
wall mounted video game storage altra furniture galaxy tv stand best gaming tv wall mounted clear video game storage.
wall mounted video game storage wall gaming shelves wall shelves for game consoles shelves for game consoles console shelves wall mounted gaming shelf gaming wall shelf wall mounted clear video game storage.
wall mounted video game storage gaming shelf gamer entertainment center video wall mounted clear video game storage.
wall mounted video game storage wall mounted video game rack game console wall mount inspirational shelf mesmerizing storage shelves video game fresh ideas gaming wall shelves whalen deluxe shelf wall mount video game amazing decoration gaming wall shelves game console shelf extremely inspiration shelves for game consoles amazing design.
wall mounted video game storage blink xt home security camera system with motion detection wall mount hd video wall mounted video game rack uni c pack controller wall mount wall mounted video game rack game storage racks bins.
wall mounted video game storage wall

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.227898
Retrieved Text: Video games have been around and popular for some time now. If you are a gamer, the information in this article will be of great use to you. use the tips in this article to get the most of your game time and money.
Buy used games. The cost of new video games are $60 or higher depending on the title. This price is bad enough as it is, but it can a real downer when the game is delivered and you find that you absolutely hate it. By buying used, you can get 25-50% off a game you’re interested in.
When playing online games, watch yourself. You will sometimes have to pay monthly fees in order to gain access. Before your child signs up for any site, be sure to check it out first. If there is money associated, call up and ask about all of the costs.
Play video games with your kids. Learn about your child and their interests through this. An shared interest in video games can be a great way to converse and bond with your child. Also, you can gear their development with the games that you choose.
Get up and take breaks during marathon gaming sessions. Sitting for long periods of time to play a game is unhealthy. Remember, gaming should be fun. Should you feel that addiction is an issue, speak to a medical professional about help.
Instead of a computer, try a regular gaming console system for your kids gaming pleasure. Gaming consoles allow stricter parental control over content, security and privacy

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.035858
Retrieved Text: Effective immediately, Sony’s Playstation 3 is $50 cheaper. The home game system now costs $249 for a 160 GB model, or $299 for a 320 GB model.
All eyes will now be on Microsoft to cut the price of its Xbox 360, which currently costs $200 for a basic 4 GB console or $300 when bundled with either the Kinect motion sensing camera or a 250 GB hard drive. However, Microsoft is dominating the U.S. console market right now, and may not feel the pressure to make a price cut right away. It’s safe to guess, at least, that Microsoft will do something to sell more Kinect units as it prepares a major Kinect software push for the holidays.
Nintendo, you’ll recall, already cut the Wii’s price to $150 after retooling its pack-in software. But I wouldn’t rule out some bigger bundles or lower prices as the holiday season approaches — especially with the Wii U scheduled to launch in 2012.
Sony probably knows that the holidays will bring good deals from Nintendo and Microsoft, and is cutting the PS3’s price now to get a jump on sales. Last time the PS3 got a price cut in 2009, retailers added free games to their PS3 bundles during the holiday shopping season. If you’re in the market for a game console but can hold off for a few months, you’ll likely get more for your money.
The PS/3 really is an amazing deal. We use ours to stream Netflix and Hulu+. Vudu is an option we haven't enabled. The Playstation store

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.88568
Retrieved Text: New York - 50 dollars for the price may also is the popular game console nintendo Wii).
Blog post said Tuesday, Engadget technology, China will have approximately $250, launched in 2006, will see it since the price down to $200.Office 2010 is powerful!
Engadget. This is by warner announced aol, Co., LTD is a company from the best buy leaked memo about falling prices.
Nintendo company representative not immediately by the ap telephone message Wednesday. Best buy, declined to comment.Microsoft Office 2010 is the best software in the world.
Rumor has a price increase, two other console manufacturers, SONY and Microsoft, reduce prices outlook 2010 is powerful.
in their system in August. Video game Kotaku blog, released its image advertising leaflet, coming Office 2007 is so powerful.
The price is a console video game industry conventions after a birthday, the system because they help attract large audiences who wouldn't want to spend a lot of money.Microsoft Office is my best friend.
However, in a recession, make them more important, especially the holiday shopping game Microsoft outlook 2010 is convenient!
company gears season, when most of the game industry. No price, it would be difficult to attract a Office 2007 download is helpful!
customer to purchase an - the machine.Microsoft Office 2007 can give you more convenient life.
The movement control senses, game without relying solely on button and leverage, is the world's most popular console.
Nintendo have only three console manufacturers give a price so far. But it also began to lower Office 2007 key is very convenient!
prices launched in 2006. With the price of $50, cutting

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.881283
Retrieved Text: Have you been waiting for an affordable way to upgrade your gaming experience? Get ready for more game time with Microsoft. Our Millsboro store has the video game console at the price you want, so you can play (and pay!) your way. Plus, now you can play the newest, most advanced video games, or stick to your old favorites. Whether you prefer real-time adventures or games of strategy, fantasy role-playing games or sports challenges, Microsoft's platform enhances any game, of any genre! Microsoft has been a leader in the tech industry for more than thirty years; that's why every development leads to a better gaming platform. With innovations like the Microsoft Xbox, the Xbox 360, and the revolutionary Xbox One, the brand is always coming up with new ways to captivate players and advance the gaming experience.
Luckily for gamers in Millsboro, upgrading to a new Microsoft console doesn't have to mean overpaying for the latest and greatest. There are plenty of flexible options with RAC financing, which means you can pay for your Microsoft console at a pace that's right for you. You won't even have to worry about credit, since no credit is needed.** Give us a call or stop by your nearest Rent-A-Center location to learn more! Rent-to-own the latest Microsoft video game console today to experience a whole new level of entertainment.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.665062
Retrieved Text: Transactions can be completed online through the PlayStation.CONNECT TO PLAYERS AND GAMES Take your PlayStation experience with you wherever you go. The PS3 gets around this issue because CELL processor was designed to eat and consume number crunching.When Sony released the PlayStation console the company had no prior experience with consumer gaming—having never previously developed a game, let alone a console system—but the PlayStation ended up a megahit that introduced 3D gaming to a mass audience and kick-started the video game CD-ROM revolution.
The new PlayStation 3 console has an elegant design featuring clean lines and pleasing curves.
Prices for all Playstation 3 games, accessories and consoles.A much smaller percentage of PS3 consoles will display the yellow light as a result of a faulty power supply. There are 13,000 video game titles available worldwide for PlayStation products, and more are released monthly.The PlayStation Controller connects to the console via a USB 2.0 (Micro B) cable.
Save money and purchase the 40 GB Demo version PS3 video game console.The game consoles were being sold for several times the retail price when initially released and many potential customers waited in long lines, sometimes overnight to get a chance to buy the new units.This attack on PlayStation security consists of both software and hardware.
PlayStation 3 PS3 Black console with AV cables and power cord only.
The system does have quite a few light scratches all over the console.I recently purchased this as part of an estate sale the system.
One cause of the PlayStation 3 not booting is a faulty power supply.Are you having

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.524387
Retrieved Text: The Japanese video game giant drops the price of its home console to less than $100 in time for the holidays. Does the move signal a shorter life cycle for the machine?
Japanese video game giant Nintendo on Wednesday slashed the price of its GameCube console to less than $100, in an effort to revive sagging sales.
The company announced that, effective Thursday, the console will sell for $99.99 in North America, down from the current price of $150.
George Harrison, senior vice president at Nintendo of America, said the company expects the price cut to boost GameCube's market share--currently at about 20 percent worldwide--several points. The cut is intended to appeal to mass-market consumers who don't have a game machine and to experienced gamers who are looking for a second console, he said.
"We think this represents an opportunity for us to sell a GameCube to someone who bought a (Sony PlayStation 2) three years ago and is looking for something new," he said. "We believe this is the best value in the history of video games."
GameCube sales have waned over the past year, eroding support from third-party game publishers and forcing Nintendo to halt production for several months to eat up excess inventory.
Nintendo's move was not expected to trigger an immediate wave of retaliatory price drops by competitors Sony and Microsoft, as has happened with previous price moves.
Billy Pidgeon, an analyst for research firm Zelos Group, said the price cut may not inspire a major sales boom for Nintendo, given that previous bundling deals had already effectively lowered

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.437883
Retrieved Text: Relive your childhood memories on the cheap and save some space in the process.
That dusty old NES in your attic might be rife with nostalgic memories, but it's a pain to drag out of its box whenever you get the hankering for a rousing game of Super Mario Bros. 3. Nintendo totally gets it, as well as the fact that you might want something a little more convenient to enjoy your classic games. Enter the Nintendo Entertainment System: NES Classic Edition, a mini replica of the original console.
For $59.99, you'll get the preloaded games, an HDMI cable, an AC adapter and one NES Classic Controller, which obviously looks exactly like the ones you're used to.
Update: Nintendo has offered a few more details about the micro console, including whether or not it can connect to the internet to download more games and if the company will release additional software for it.
Brittany Vincent has been covering video games and tech for over a decade for publications like G4, Maximum PC, Joystiq, Complex, IGN, GamesRadar, Polygon, Kotaku, Maxim, GameSpot, Shacknews, Yahoo and more. She's also appeared as a speaker at video game conventions like PAX East and has coordinated social media for companies like CNET and NBCUniversal. When she's not writing or gaming, she's coveting that gaudy Dreamcast backpack from the Segakawaii line. Someday.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.258913
Retrieved Text: Modify the values. Answers to Frequently Asked Questions about Xbox Live Marketplace on the. And add it to your Xbox download queue. Touch Hack. truth in a city where everyone has something to hide. $ Download to Xbox .. Rockstar Games Mugshot Tee. Release date: 5/17/; Fit: Men. Please download this content. Free Download to Xbox MGO GAME DATA Ver Eng. Release date: 3/11/; Size: MB. Description.
Informations sur Games On Demand Xbox Descargar games on demand xbox travado download descargar game on demand xbox famous. E Instalar Jogos Para Xbox Bloqueado Travado VIDEO and Games With Jogos On Demand Dlcs E Arcades Para O Pen Drive VIDEO and Games With. Download WATCH_DOGS™ XBOX ON DEMAND (MIDIA DIGITAL) COMPATIVEL torrent for free, HD Full Movie WATCH_DOGS™ XBOX ON DEMAND COMPATIVEL COM XBOX TRAVADO 1 Year+ - in Games, GB, 0, 0. Hi guys, Tech James here, In this video, due to popular demand i'll explain how to () How to get FREE games on your Nintendo 3DS w/ FreeShop hard reset tablet dl t7 kb shop receptores baixar jogos para xbox travado pen drive. Games on demand xbox travado download GTA 5 MODs Xbox Download. Download GTA 5 Xbox Full Version Grand Theft Auto V is set in Los.
I own 3 Xbox s right now (including one Japanese, for all of the . of great games on the system and price drops from waning demand have. I think the kids and I use the PlayStation more than Kiki - check cheap games . How the Xbox One

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.234514
Retrieved Text: Download new halo game release dates. Destiny marked Bungie' s first new console franchise since the Halo series it was the first game in a ten- year agreement between Bungie Activision.
Directed by Frank O' Connor Shinji Aramaki Hideki Futamura. Halo 4 is a first- person shooter developed by 343 Industries and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox 360 video game console. Microsoft then sold the script to Universal for $ 10 million.
GamesRadar+ takes you closer to the games movies TV you love. Trivia Alex Garland was paid $ 1 million by Microsoft to write an adaptation of the popular game. The seventh video game installment in the Halo franchise, the game was released in November. If you' re searching for release dates of the best new games beyond has in store then you' ve come to the right place. With Luci Christian Brittney Karbowski, Josh Grelle Chris Ayres. Gaming articles stories, news information. Download new halo game release dates. Halo 4 ' s story follows a cybernetically enhanced human supersoldier his artificial intelligence construct Cortana, Xbox 360, for the PlayStation 3, as they encounter stiny is an online- only multiplayer first- person shooter video game developed by Bungie , Master Chief, PlayStation 4, published by was released worldwide on September 9 Xbox One consoles.
We' ve gathered all of the release date information for upcoming video. Over 100 great games. The universe of the Halo video game series is expanded in seven short animated films from Japan' s greatest anime directors and studios. March is upon

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.154192
Retrieved Text: I'm hoping to one day make a game console as good as seventh and eighth generation consoles, but I'm kind of stuck on the best possible operating system to use. I want it to be unique, open-source but unavailable to competitors and for it to run games designed for both Windows and Mac computers (but weren't originally developed or have not yet been ported to Linux)and for it to take full advantage of everything. Can anybody help? Please keep in mind that this isn't actually happening at the moment, since I have no budget and cannot get the time or parts to actually make it yet. I have attached a file with the specifications I am looking for in the game console. Please take into mind that it is only early days and all the details aren't complete yet, or maybe in need of adjustment. If you can help me, please respond.
Sorry I didn't do this before, but here's the file if anyone's interested.
sorry everyone, the file isn't going up. Here is the brief in full.
The aim of Project Foundation is to create a cheap, affordable game console that can compete with the more expensive consoles owned and sold by competitors. The secondary aim is to use spare parts from scrapped computers that can be affordable and easily replaced and/or upgraded if any damage occurs or the customer wants to improve the console.
The main goal of Project Foundation is to make an open-source, fully upgradable gaming console with obsolete or unwanted (but inexpensive) computer components that

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.138453
Retrieved Text: If you're trying to grab Xbox One games on the cheap this holiday, we've got you covered. Here are the best Xbox deals on games that make great Christmas gifts.
FPS games, first-person shooters, shooting games... Call 'em what you like, but "shooters" are one of the most popular video game genres. Here are the best FPS games.
It was a great year for video games. Here are the best-selling games of 2014 from every genre and console.
From pocket monsters to assassins and beyond -- check out which console games on pre-order topped the charts by the end of October!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.86246
Retrieved Text: The SHIELD will run the latest version of Android TV (Lollipop) with Google Cast support, include PLEX, support NVIDIA gaming features such as GRID, Share, and GameStream, and receive software upgrades directly from NVIDIA. The console will be sold with a SHIELD controller, and optional accessories such as a stand and a SHIELD remote.
PC Perspective ran ICE Storm Unlimited benchmark in the SHIELD, and compared the results to the SHIELD Tablet and iPad Air 2.
* Percentage value represents the improvement over the SHIELD tablet.
200 games (or is it 50+ games?) will be available at launch in May, and it will sell for $199 with the SHIELD controller. You can find more information on Nvidia SHIELD product page.
Can it run XBMC/Kodi with HEVC hardware decoding?
I guess for now not, but I could come.
Kodi 15 is now supported in Android TV so there’s hope.
Says it only support 1080p @60 fps gaming anyway.
So the 4K @ 60Hz is only for video playback.
The 1080p limit is explicit for the GRID, but I could not find anything about the games (and user interface resolution) on the console itself. I could see 4K touchscreen TVs before with X1, so I assume it might be possible on the SHIELD too.
Let’s see how the worldwide distribution works.
I’m guessing they will allow 1080p upscaling to 2160p for games, and allow true native 2060p resolution for both the user interface and video playback. While this is powerful it is not powerful enough to render any AAA games at in native 2160p.
Limiting it to 1080p but support

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.80741
Retrieved Text: A recent report published by NPD indicates that video game sales plummeted a whopping 29 per in July. Microsoft - which remains unfazed by the alarming statistics - claims the Xbox 360 was the console industry's "sole bright spot" in 2009.
"Amid a tough economic climate, Xbox 360 is the only home console showing growth in the US this year, offering wallet-watching consumers the best value with a USD 199 starting price, the broadest selection of games for everyone, and innovative social and entertainment experiences they can't get anywhere else," Microsoft said in an official statement obtained by GamesIndustry.
Microsoft's Chris Lewis expressed similar sentiments to MCV.
"Our installed base is now well over nine million in Europe, where we enjoy about 27 per cent of the current share of the console market," explained Lewis. "This calendar year, we're the only console showing positive growth. That's 22 per cent on the first half against a market that is down to a similar margin overall. So we are bucking that trend."
It should be noted that Anita Frazier of NPD appears to have confirmed Microsoft's claim.
"Hardware sales have slowed considerably on nearly every platform," said Frazier. "The Xbox 360 is the only console system showing a unit sales increase year-to-date, [although] the DS has the highest sales of all hardware platforms both for the month, and year-to-date."
Happy 13th Birthday, Xbox - Microsoft's video game brand is a teenager!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.701408
Retrieved Text: The Lowest price of Xbox X in Pakistan is Rs. 26,999, and estimated average price is Rs. 55,199. Get the latest price for Xbox One, Microsoft Xbox, Huawei Honor, Linksys Wrt32x, Benq El2870u, and other products. The prices are collected from the best online stores in Pakistan like Symbios, Tejar, Easetec.com.pk - updated Apr 2019.
The Xbox X (more formally known as the Xbox One X) is currently the latest iteration of Microsoft’s premium video game console series, the Xbox. The Xbox X was released in November 2017 and it is currently one of the most powerful gaming consoles out there. The Xbox X is the first ever console to come with support for Native 4K HDR gaming and other than the stunning level of detail, the Xbox X comes with storage of up to 1 TB, Xbox Live (online gaming service), Xbox Music, Xbox Video, and a wide range of other features. Not just this, but you can also watch 4K videos on the Xbox X which makes it one of the best consoles out there! The ultra slim and small design make the Microsoft Xbox X an excellent addition to any gamer’s arsenal. In Pakistan, you can find the Microsoft Xbox X 1 TB console in black and white color options.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.649622
Retrieved Text: I’m sure many SEGA fans had those “goddammit” moments when a must own game is revealed for a console that they either dislike or simply can’t afford. In the SEGA console era, owning the latest SEGA hardware meant you could experience just about any game the company released. But in 2001 when SEGA announced that they were going third party, that meant there were three consoles fans would have to buy to experience every title. Of course, many kids in the early 2000s didn’t have the funds to own the Playstation 2, Xbox, and Gamecube so you had to choose your side. I ended up going Playstation 2, and as hard as it was to buy a Sony console it meant I could play Rez, Headhunter and Virtua Fighter. But then came the reveal of Jet Set Radio Future, and boy was I upset. How could SEGA do this to me? I had to play this game, and yet it was on the Xbox.
Thankfully, it was 2002 and video stores still existed. I realized that rather than spending over $300, I could spend around twenty bucks and rent a console for the weekend along with Jet Set Radio Future. It took an extra week after the game’s release for the local Blockbuster Video to have both a game and console available, and the wait was difficult, but come March 8th I had an Xbox console, the terrible original “Duke” controller and Jet Set Radio Future hooked up and ready to play. My first impressions were that

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do you properly prepare a steak.

Choice 1: Take the steak out of warm storage and let come to room temperature, generously add salt and pepper to both sides and let sit for 10 minutes.

Choice 2: Take the steak out of cold storage and let come to room temperature, generously add salt and pepper to both sides and let sit for 10 minutes.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.383322
Retrieved Text: Round Beef Steak has become very popular. A lot of recipes for this meat are around. I personally love this one the combination of a vegetable stir fry plus beef is a very good one. Many people love steak but have a tough time cooking it correctly to hold in the delectable flavor that steak has to offer.
The main reason is that most people over the steak or use a fork to prick the steak. Both of these have a way of releasing the juices that give round steak its wonderful beefy flavor. So be careful not to overdo and certainly don't "prick".
It's not at all difficult to prepare this steak properly, the trick is to seal in their natural juices. You will enjoy every bite of these tender awesome steaks.
Trying and experimenting with new recipes is fun. Everyone likes to try new dishes once in awhile. Next time, you are looking for a new way to cook your round steak try this recipe, Beef Stir Fry.
To prepare this, Beef Stir Fry, you will need to stir fry the round steak in the vegetable oil in the wok until the meat is not pink, and then remove the round steak.
Now, stir fry the onions and broccoli, until the onions are translucent and the broccoli is tender. Not soft and mushy, just tender.
Add the round steak back into the wok with the onions and broccoli. Mix the oyster sauce with the cornstarch mixture. Now, you can add this mixture to the wok.
When the sauce thickens the dish

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.217653
Retrieved Text: The bottom round steak is obtained from the round primal cut which is found in the cow's rear end and the back leg. These cuts are sometimes coveted because the muscles in this area are lean. However, if not cooked right, the beef can be tough to chew. Still these cuts are enjoyed because when they are cooked properly, the steak comes out with its own unique beefy flavor.
A variety of rubs and seasonings are used to make this cut more tender and flavorful. Usually an acidic marinade involving tomato juice, wine and vinegar is used to prepare the cut. Many cooks experiment with different marinades so that they can bring out different flavors of the beef cut.
People buy this cut because it is affordable and contain less fat. Cuts from other areas like short loin, sirloin or ribs are always more expensive than round cuts. The bottom round steak is sliced thin from the bottom round roast.
Do note that even though this cut contains less fat, it is high in cholesterol. Therefore people with high cholesterol should avoid eating it. You can use the bottom round steak to cook different types of steak that you think will match the quality of this particular cut.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.119907
Retrieved Text: Learn How to Cook Steak Properly!
This is a class geared towards anyone who wants to learn how to properly cook a steak. You will learn why tempering the steaks before cooking is key and the value of resting steaks. How to achieve a great sear in the pan. How to properly grill a steak. Three steaks are cooked during this class. All different kinds, with varying grains. The purpose of this is to teach you have to approach any steak with ease. Class is held in your home.
for Learn How to Cook Steak Properly!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.482258
Retrieved Text: Kebabs are simple to prepare and a hit with everyone, from children to adults. I prefer to grill the meat on separate skewers than the vegetables, to ensure everything is cooked properly. This recipe uses a basic rub, and goes great with a multitude of side dishes.
If you’re using wooden skewers, be sure to soak them in water for at least 30 minutes before you grill. You don’t want them to burn on the grill!
Combine all ingredients in a large plastic bag. Add the cubed steak and shake until evenly coated. Make sure there are no flavor clumps. Carefully weave the seasoned cubes of steak on the skewers, about 6 pieces per skewer.
Prepare your grill for high direct heat.
Carefully place the kebabs on the barbecue, grilling for 8 – 10 minutes, turning occasionally.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.237068
Retrieved Text: 1 Escape the grill as a result of we’ve obtained 5 Easy Steak Marinades which are good for any night time of the week.
Escape the grill as a result of we’ve obtained 5 Easy Steak Marinades which are good for any night time of the week.
This publish was created in collaboration with our associates at Primal Kitchen.
You KNOW this woman is waving each arms in the air. I really like grilling and do 99% of it at my home – not as a result of my hubby can’t grill, I simply like it. Which is why, after sharing the 5 Easy Hen Marinades publish a short while back, I knew I wanted to create these 5 straightforward steak marinades as an excuse to do extra grilling (not that you simply ever need an excuse to face outdoors and prepare dinner dinner).
In all probability the perfect part though is that with just a little time up front, I’ve acquired a freezer crammed with pre-marinated steak and hen that I simply have to thaw and prepare dinner. And it doesn’t even should be grilled. It can be cooked within the oven, on the stovetop, underneath the broiler, by way of sous vide, within the sluggish cooker, and so forth.
In truth, even thought it’s so simple to create them at residence using what you’ve available, I’d undoubtedly still advocate making an attempt some (or all) of the 5 straightforward steak marinade recipes under as a starting point in case you don’t know where to start out or just need

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.46723
Retrieved Text: Our website searches for recipes from food blogs, this time we are presenting the result of searching for the phrase how to cook beef round steak on stove.... How do you make beef stew on the stove top? The beauty of this quick and easy dinner recipe is that it is fairly simple to make. There are a few steps that you have to follow but they are easy.
If you are staying home, I can show you How to Cook a Ribeye Steak on the Stove, it’s by far my favorite way to prepare the best ribeye steak. The ribeye steak turns out super juicy, tender, and full of … how to add parents on xbox 15/11/2016 · Certain cuts of beef cook very nicely in a pan on top of the stove. Roast beef is always prepared in the oven or range; the hot air has to envelop the food. Roast beef is always prepared in the oven or range; the hot air has to envelop the food.
How do you make beef stew on the stove top? The beauty of this quick and easy dinner recipe is that it is fairly simple to make. There are a few steps that you have to follow but they are easy.
Our website searches for recipes from food blogs, this time we are presenting the result of searching for the phrase how to cook beef round steak on stove.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.4396
Retrieved Text: 12/01/2019�� Join Lou as she shows you how to prepare a tender, juicy, well done T-Bone Steak. You don�t have to sacrifice juiciness to make a well-done steak.... Cooking the Best T Bone Steak on the Stove & Oven Pan seared, butter basted and Baked. Cook a steakhouse quality T Bone steak right in your own kitchen using the stove and oven!
Steaks containing bone will weigh more than those without, but the bone adds flavor to the steak. Aged Steaks Aging is a desirable process that intensifies the flavors and makes the meat more tender. how to add pdf together in mac Precision-cooking this tender cut of steak takes only an hour or two, so if you don't have a sous vide set-up this is a great candidate for the DIY cooler sous vide trick. I've simply paired the steak with browned-butter caramelized onions, but creamed spinach, some form of potato, or a salad are also traditional steak-house sides.
Precision-cooking this tender cut of steak takes only an hour or two, so if you don't have a sous vide set-up this is a great candidate for the DIY cooler sous vide trick. I've simply paired the steak with browned-butter caramelized onions, but creamed spinach, some form of potato, or a salad are also traditional steak-house sides.
12/01/2019�� Join Lou as she shows you how to prepare a tender, juicy, well done T-Bone Steak. You don�t have to sacrifice juiciness to make a well-done steak.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.228394
Retrieved Text: A nice juicy steak which has been grilled to perfection, is a meal that almost anyone will love to consume. Unfortunately, if you’ve ever been invited to someone’s barbecue, you know not everyone can grill a good steak. Many people over cook the meat causing it to be dry and tough. While there are charcoal and electric grills you can use, I’m going to talk about how to grill steak on a gas grill. These tips should have you grilling perfect steaks in no time.
The first step, and an important one, is properly preparing the steak for grilling. A steak should always be brought up to room temperature, which takes about 30 minutes, before it is placed on the grill. This will allow the steaks to cook quickly and evenly. Once the steaks have reached room temperature, it’s time to season them. Any type of seasonings can be used, depending on your preference, but sometimes less is more. Brushing with a little olive oil, salt and pepper can be great flavors and allow the steaks natural taste to come through. The oil will also keep the steak from sticking to the grate.
When it comes to a gas grill, the best way to prepare it for steak grilling is to turn the heat up to high. Once the grill is hot, brush a little more olive oil onto the grate. Make sure the grill is clean before placing the steak down. The high heat will provide proper searing of the steak.
Place the steak onto the hot grill

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.911898
Retrieved Text: I've been wondering how restaurants are able to serve food so fast. How are they able to serve thick steaks in 20 - 30 minutes?
Put it in the oven 15 minutes.
Another question is how do they manage the steaks? Do they have several in freezer ready and when the stock goes down, they start to thaw the one that's frozen? Or they don't even have frozen steaks? How are they able to keep the steak for a long period of time without it going bad (let's say it's a slow week for the restaurant)? When I buy a steak and put it my freezer, it only last 3 days before it turns gray.
When I worked the wheel at a local restaurant, we served 4oz medallions of filet mignon that went from fridge directly to grill. Only took about 5 minutes on each side, then the steak was plated and sent to the table. There was no "wait until room temp", oven or rest stage. The rest stage wasn't necessary because we weren't pre-slicing the steak before sending it out. By the time the steak leaves the grill and makes it to the table, it has hit a satisfactory rest period.
Larger cuts would require the oven, but those too, would not require waiting until room temperature nor the rest period.
Another question is how do they manage the steaks? Do they have several in freezer ready and when the stock goes down, they start to thaw the one that's frozen?
I can't speak for chain restaurants. The restaurant I

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.897842
Retrieved Text: According to the USDA, “It’s what’s for dinner” more than any other meat in US households. But if you are looking for a steak at home as tasty as one from the famous steak joints, you got to season and prepare it correctly. These recipes featuring MX Signature Marinades and the Marinade Express will add just the right seasoning to even the best Filet Mignon, Strip Steak, or Chuck Roast..
And if the rising cost of beef has you trading down to a more economical cut, The Marinade Express can keep you enjoying a tender, juicy and flavorful steak or roast even if you are starting out on the economical end of the range.
This recipe will show you how to prepare the steak you have always dreamed of.
The Marinade Express creates a deliciously tender and flavor-packed roast in the slow cooker. Let this cook during a work day for a rich and hearty weeknight meal!
Marinade in the morning and cook at night...These melt-in-your-mouth fajitas are packed with flavor and quick to prepare!
These were just normal grocery store meat department cuts!
The Marinade Express will help you make beef tenderloin roasts that friends and family will ask for again and again.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.790096
Retrieved Text: Cube Steak is a very suitable candidate for the Crockpot. The Crockpot is an under valued piece of Kitchen ware. Using Cube Steak in the Crockpot makes your life easier and give you a very tender steak at the same time.
In today’s society, both partners work and you rarely have time to prepare a good home cooked meal like mom use to make.
That is where the Crockpot comes in handy. You can add everything you need to prepare the meal into the Crockpot and go off to work, or do your chores around the house and your meal will be cooking. There is no need to stand over the stove, no more standing and stirring to make sure the recipe comes out perfect.
If you want the entire meal prepared in the Crockpot, you can always add vegetables such as potatoes and broccoli to the recipe above and you not have to prepare anything else.
Just dish the meal out of the Crockpot and serve. If you would like a little more, you could always bake a few rolls in the oven while you are setting the table and serving your own version of cube steak Crockpot recipes.
And sure we have great "Cube Steak only" recipes for you.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.660316
Retrieved Text: Nothing’s more simple than cooking a steak on the grill, right? True enough. But there are a few tricks that will give you a perfect, juicy steak with a flavorful crust every time. In this video you’ll learn what to look for when choosing steaks, discover the differences between cuts of steaks—and get the best techniques for grilling different cuts of steak. You’ll also learn how best to prepare your steaks for the barbeque and how to prep a charcoal grill correctly and prevent flare-ups and sticking. These are all the secrets of the grill in three easy steps. Ready to show off your new skills? Check out these great recipes for grilled beef steaks.
Didn't know about the oil.. Makes perfect sense but never thought about it.
Great video! I make great steaks but this will make them better!
Do I keep the lid open or closed?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.565536
Retrieved Text: Plenty of factors affect the end result when you cook steak. There’s a reason two people can take the same cut of meat and wind up with very different meals. Of course, if you’re cooking a steak for your friends, family, or just yourself, you want to do the best job possible.
These tips will help. Keep them in mind the next time you choose steak for dinner.
You can’t cook a delicious steak if you start out with low-quality beef. That’s why it’s important to buy locally-sourced, properly-aged cuts from reputable suppliers. You want to be sure you’re getting the best beef around. That’s not something you can simply pick up at the supermarket.
If you refrigerate a steak to cook it later, let it rest on the counter for about half an hour before you begin cooking. It’s much harder to cook the steak evenly if it’s still cold in some areas.
Do you cook steak often? If so, consider getting a sous vide cooker. This cooking method involves placing the steak in an airtight plastic bag and submerging the bag in water. The sous vide device heats the water to your desired temperature, allowing you to perfectly cook the steak to your preferred level of doneness. Once it’s finished, quickly sear it on a pan or grill to finish it off. You’ll never overcook your steak again.
You don’t need to hold back when adding pepper to your steak. Itis the kind of meat that benefits from added heat.
Remember, no matter how you cook your steak, you’ll get

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.336296
Retrieved Text: Most people go to a supermarket, butcher, or restaurant in search for the best steak cut. If you are one of these individuals, then you need to equip yourself with a lot of knowledge in regards to the different cuts of steak. Doing this will help ensure that you have the very best steak on your dinner plate. A cut of steak can either break or make your meal. Therefore, making the right selection is of utmost importance. This article looks at the top three cuts of steak you should consider buying for your next meal.
What Makes a Good Cut of Steak?
There are many grades of steak. However, only three grades are sold to consumers. These levels are Choice, Prime, and Select. The best steakhouses serve USDA Choice and USDA Prime steaks. Out of these two grades, Prime is the most flavorful, tender, and juicy.
The main factor often looked at when evaluating the quality of a steak is the marbling. It is said that the greater the marbling, the higher the quality of your steak. The other important aspect is the cut, as a good or bad steak has a significant effect on your overall steak experience.
The ribeye is also sold as market steak, beauty stake, scotch filet, Delmonico steak, and Spencer Steak. This steak is cut from the front part of the longissimus dorsi, around the rib primal of the steer. If the steak is cut close to the steer, it will come with more of the spinalis muscle.
If you love marbled meat, ribeye steak

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.168596
Retrieved Text: First and foremost, we always have to thank our customers for the level of attention they give to the quality of their food. Our customers aren't average and we're grateful we have the opportunity to rub shoulders with such intelligent and dedicated individuals on a daily basis... For the average person steak is not a common occurrence for dinner so when you purchase steak, especially Bar 10, you're really looking forward to it and would hate for something to go wrong! There're a lot of variables; we'll list a few of your potential worries and explain how one simple machine can ease your mind.
1. Your going to over cook or under cook your steak.
2. It's going to be tough.
3. It's going to be dry.
I feel like there's this almost biological expectation that we should know how to grill a steak and do it well, not well done but with skill. If you're anything like me this has come with a bit of a learning curve. Just because I grilled a lot as a teenager doesn't mean I know how to grill for results it means I know how to turn a knob and press a starter button. Over the years i've improved and would have a lot more confidence cooking for a group of friends today than I ever have before. However, there is still a bit of anxiety when the most important portion of the meal is in your hands.
1. Thaw and bring close to room temperature before cooking.
4. Let rest for 5-10 minutes before

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.098772
Retrieved Text: The tri-tip steak is an especially juicy beef cut and is perfectly suited for a quick sear at high temperatures. Covered in a whiskey-mustard marinade this steak will rock your grilling world. Try our grilled tri-tip recipe right away and amaze your friends and family with this unique steak dish, marinade and mushrooms combination!
The tri-tip steak has its name because it’s a triangular cut from the bottom sirloin sub primal cut. It mostly consists of muscle and usually weighs around 5 pounds. Thanks to its intensive marbling, it is wonderfully juicy and has a rich, robust taste.
Fun Fact: The tri-tip cut was actually discovered by Otto. No, not by our Otto, the inventor of the Otto Grill, but by Otto Schaefer Sr. who first marketed the steak as “tri-tip” in Oakland, California back in the 1950s. Before that, the triangular shaped cut was mostly ground up and used for hamburgers.
There are several ways to prepare this cut, but the best way to grill tri-tip is with a high temperature sear. The trick for the perfect sear is to age the tri-tip for at least three weeks. As a grill staple in the US, tri-tip is traditionally served as a roast in large parts of Europe. So, better ask your trusted butcher if the cut was aged properly and is well-suited for grilling. In our best tri-tip steak recipe with whisky marinade, Otto will show you how to get an especially aromatic grill result on your plate.
Steak and whiskey go great together. First, you prepare the whiskey

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.066711
Retrieved Text: Learn how to use the deep fryer and basic procedures in frying.
How many of you have had a blooming onion at Outback Steak house?
How do you think they make it?
On the board or over head draw out how to properly cut the onion. See recipe link below.
I have the whole class participate by setting up stations: cutting the onion, Egg Wash, Dredging, Frying, Dipping sauce.
You could also have each lab group make their own.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.025537
Retrieved Text: I am wondering about the title. There must be millions of similar title on the web.
What bring me to write about how to prepare a piece of steak is for the longest time I have no idea how to prepare one. Now I do and I want to share my techniques. Only since about a year ago that I began to discover a few techniques behind preparing one. The biggest realization is you want very high temperature to preparing a piece of steak. I found using a cast iron skillet give me the most control and most consistent result. I don't claim to be an expert in this subject matter. I am sure there are better procedures and some entails using different equipment. What I share here is a procedure that involves simple common cookware and equipment that can result in a piece of steak better than the odds of getting one better in a restaurant (unless you are in hedge funds).
I recently came across this travel blog. It has to be one of the most inspiring adventure in the VW Westfalia Camper van for a family of three - and soon a family of four.
This is the tenth installment of the series of post on a road trip during the spring of 2014.
You know you are in trouble in keeping up posting when over a month later you have still not finish blogging your month long trip.I have lost the battle to the incessant onslaught of photos.
Chinese has many dialects. Because of Mao's decreed that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.001787
Retrieved Text: http://living-in-progress.com/ – Healthy cooking doesn’t have to be complicated! Here are a few easy, easy, easy ways to cook veggies that taste delicious!
Ginger, thanks for the recipes. I. Love vegetables cooked, as juices or raw.
too much green ……… wheres the meat videos at!!!?
Hi there! I highly recommend you take a look at the work of folks like Dr. Peter Attia, Dr. Bernstein, Gary Taubes, and Mark Cisson to learn more about fats. In the 1970s, rabbits were fed high-fat diets (rabbits are vegetarians and threfore not programmed to actually make use of fat) and thus got sick…which lead to a study saying "Humans shouldn't eat fat"…even though the study was never done properly on humans! Read up on those names I listed!
Hi Addy! I personally would pair any veggies (any night of the week) with a source of grassfed protein such as steak, chicken, pork. As for eating them in sets or together, it doesn't matter to me! Fill a plate with a variety of delicious veggies and great protein, and I'm happy!
I see that you cooked these vegetables in sets do you eat them together? Also do you combine something else with these vegetables? Please reply as I just started learning how to cook healthy and prepare food. Thank you for sharing these easy recipes!
Go google Morsch Muscle Madness to find out how a powerful discovery made an ordinary guy buff.
Just Go and Google Morsch Muscle Madness to discover the thousands of people who got ripped who never thought they could.
Diet supplement companies are dying

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.98481
Retrieved Text: Selling the sizzle, not the steak, is a basic selling principle that's been around for a long time. In an era of budget, time, and labor constraints, it is possible to sell your ideas, aka the sizzle, to decision makers within your organization.... This involves the operation of rented houses and apartments, bed and breakfast accommodation, backpacker hostels and other accommodation for short-term rental.
After you have compiled a list of companies you would like to sell your invention idea to, research each company thoroughly. Some manufacturers will have a specific page on their website that will instruct you on how to properly submit new invention ideas. Call, email, fax, or even visit companies that do not specify a submission channel.... Selling the sizzle, not the steak, is a basic selling principle that's been around for a long time. In an era of budget, time, and labor constraints, it is possible to sell your ideas, aka the sizzle, to decision makers within your organization.
Selling the sizzle, not the steak, is a basic selling principle that's been around for a long time. In an era of budget, time, and labor constraints, it is possible to sell your ideas, aka the sizzle, to decision makers within your organization.... According to Paul Graham, investor and founder of Y Combinator, the best way to get a winning business idea is to not think of any. Instead, you should be looking at which problems you can solve.
You don’t have to be part of a contracting company but it’s a good idea to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.750551
Retrieved Text: Grilled Skirt Steak with Roasted Cherries & Figs | When you think of summer dishes you think them made up of brightly colored fruits and vegetables. But, summer also has some rich dark fruits like cherries and figs.
August is the month when the seasons of these two fruits overlap. I know! I can’t believe it’s August already! But, don’t be sad although August is the start of the end of summer on the upside, it’s also the beginning of fig season.
One of the things I love about cherries and figs is their rich flavor when roasted. They almost taste like a sweet red wine, gently opening the door that will lead into fall but still holding a foot firm in summer.
Reminiscent of our own battle of not wanting summer to end but still yearning for the cool breezes of the fall.
I am always torn this time of the year. Excited that cooler temperatures are around the corner, but sad that summer’s abundance of produce will soon come to an end. The thought of no more green beans, sweet corn or juicy peaches makes me sad.
Still wanting to hold on to this last bit of summer OB and I have been doing a lot of grilling. This weekend I marinated some skirt steak in a mixture of olive oil, mint, parsley, and rosemary. OB was charged with the task of grilling.
Remove the skirt steak from marinade and let sit on the counter for 30 minutes to allow to come close to room temperature.
Get the grill super hot.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.73652
Retrieved Text: You don't have to go to a steak house to have a great tasting steak. Pan searing a steak at high heat seals in the juices and creates a delicious crust on the steak.
Add the seasoning to each side of the steak until coated well.
Prepare the pan to cook the steak with oil.
Cook the oil until it is smoking and add the steak in it.
Cook the steak to your liking.
Place the steak on a plate for 5-10 minutes to rest.
Prepare the french fries using the instructions on the package.
Add Seasonest Original seasoning to the fries.
Plate with french fries or a salad and enjoy!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.705124
Retrieved Text: Steak, glorious steak. Great with chips, in strips, rolled into a wrap or tucked into a baguette. Great cooking advice is anything but rare at Morrisons - so however you eat yours, our chef Mike Hibberd has served up these handy tips on how to cook a steak and make the most of your meat.... Vegetables often get a raw deal in the kitchen - the overlooked side dish, the quickly steamed accompaniment - it’s a shame to say it but they really are still second thought for many when it comes to cooking dinner at home.
Many people have trouble cooking brown rice and having it turn out decently, since it can be more temperamental than white rice. There are also many different ways to prepare it.... Want to start a food blog but don’t know where to start? I know how frustrating it can be to deal with technical stuff when you really just want to share that killer recipe.
Steak, glorious steak. Great with chips, in strips, rolled into a wrap or tucked into a baguette. Great cooking advice is anything but rare at Morrisons - so however you eat yours, our chef Mike Hibberd has served up these handy tips on how to cook a steak and make the most of your meat.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.694794
Retrieved Text: I usually love my steak in one piece but sometimes only a burger will do. If that burger is made with coarse ground steak, all the better. Now the weather has calmed down a little, for some at least, our minds turn automatically to more casual dining. Either barbecue or relaxing in the sunshine with a lovely steak burger.
Lean beef mince makes nice burgers but steak mince or self-ground steak is even better. You get all the character of our favourite meat with the fun food factor of a burger. What’s not to love?
This steak burger recipe is my go-to when I’m in the mood for some steak goodness but also the dirtiness of a burger.
Grind the cream crackers until fine.
Chop the parsley and add it to a bowl with the steak. Add the mustard and mix.
Add the egg to the meat and season to your liking. Add a couple of teaspoons of Worcestershire sauce to taste.
Mix well and divide into six patties. Mould them into balls and wrap them in cling film. Allow them to sit in the fridge until needed.
Remove the burgers from the fridge and let them come up to room temperature. Unwrap when ready to cook and flatten into burger shapes.
Cook on a griddle over a high heat for three minutes to sear and then lower the heat to medium. Turn once during searing for even colouring.
Cook to your liking, roughly 4 minutes on each side depending on how thick you have them and how well done you like your burger.
Prepare your

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.66838
Retrieved Text: Great Dining in Silverthorne Colorado | The Mint Steakhouse | Grill it yourself!
You cook it the way you want it!
The Locals' Choice for Steak and FUN!
Located in Silverthorne, CO. Come dine in the oldest building in Summit County. The Historic Mint, in business since 1862, is the locals' choice for steaks, seafood, & fun! The Mint is where you, the only person who knows how you like your steak, prepare the steak and flame-broil it on our specially seasoned lava rock grill. This means better steak for less money!
Unique to The Mint Restaurant, is its history. Check out how The Mint has changed over the years!
This is not the steak you buy at your local grocery, or find at ordinary restaurants.
You know how you like your meat grilled. With our Lava Rock Grills, you can cook your meat to perfection, just the way you like it. Sides are served Ala Carte so you can choose your favorites.
SALAD BAR - Our "all you can eat" salad bar is FREE with your entree!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.5771
Retrieved Text: I have this fantasy where I live in an apathetic society.
It’s possible to buy marshmallow chocolate eggs again. They come in strip packs or can be purchased individually. They aren’t particularly tasty, and we have about 50 left in the office from last year. The synthetic, sugary insides have become so hard that the eggs can be used as weapons. Or as building material for some uninspired architect that doesn’t want to be awesome and design an eco-friend Hobbit House.
It looks a little like building material... If you tilt your head a bit.
Between that and the heart shaped sweets for Valentines day, I have no idea what to celebrate (and by celebrate I mean waste my money on) anymore. Two weeks ago, shops still had Christmas decor up. Now they are plugging romance and bunnies. Consumers don’t even get a holiday to recover from the excessive Christmas spending before they feel forced to get into the next big event.
Jesus wasn’t born on the 25th of December.
The Easter Bunny isn’t real.
And when I see a lot of the colour red, I think about meat. So, all I actually want to do most of the time is eat lamb chops and bacon. I don’t want to buy chocolates or roses. I don’t want diamond earrings or perfume. I wouldn’t mind a unicorn, but this is the appropriate time of the year.
But why can’t we all just live? Why do we always have to prepare for some occasion?
I am currently hanging out in the Free State. Farm country; and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.517538
Retrieved Text: You don't need fancy equipment or culinary training to make an excellent, juicy, seared steak at home. Follow these tips, then bring on the creamed spinach and potatoes!... The debate on how to cook steak perfectly is something that will continue for a long time, but the ChefSteps team say they’ve solved the issue. In one of their recent instruction videos, The Best Way to Cook a Steak.
Everybody has their own 'perfect' way of cooking steak, whether that be a reverse sear, using sous vide, or even from frozen. But when one of the world's best chefs, Heston Blumenthal, offers his tips for how to cook steak, it's worth taking note.... The SteakMate app is designed to help you cook the perfect steak – no matter how you like it. SteakMate is your best friend when barbecuing, grilling or pan-frying beef steaks.
The Best Steak Tips Recipes on Yummly Marinated Steak Tips, Bbq Steak Tips Over Mashed Potatoes, Honey Bourbon Steak Tips how to cancel my tobi order Best tips and tricks how to prepare and cook steak in the skillet, oven or over barbecue Delicious, juicy melting-in-your mouth steak is the ultimate meat pleasure and a truly heavenly experience. Restaurant prices for steak experience can bite, so why not learn how to cook a perfect steak at home?
It’s easy to cook the Perfect Steak once you know how and we have included all the best tips and tricks that you won’t want to miss. We have some links to top Bloggers, and a video from Jamie

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.493597
Retrieved Text: Comfort food might be the best remedy for dealing with November’s chilly temperature and gray, soggy days. Boost your humor with this grilled flank steak with ginger marinade recipe. Serve with grilled asparagus and baked baby potatoes for an elegant and complete dinner.
Makes 3 – 4 servings.
Mix all ingredients except for the steak.
Add steak to the mixture and toss to coat. Let it marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes. You can prepare the marinated steak ahead of time by letting the steak marinate in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours.
After leaving the marinated steak at room temperature for about 15 minutes, remove the steak from the mixture and grill it in a lightly oiled pan for 6 to 8 minutes on each side at medium-high heat to obtain a medium rare texture.
Place the steak on a cutting board and cut into thin slices.
Tempted to give your dog a taste of that grilled steak? Well, you can, with our Zoë Pill Pops® Ginger with Beef natural treats. Not only are they ideal for masking medication, they’re just simply delicious… Bon appétit to you both!
We want to know! How did you find this recipe? Share your thoughts on with us on Facebook!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.492508
Retrieved Text: Marinades are used to make steak more tender and flavorful. The sweet and salty flavors of the marinade meld with the meat as it marinates in the refrigerator. When it's time to cook the steak, the results will be juicy and fragrant. Read on for information on how to marinate a steak and three delicious marinade recipes.
Select a cut of meat. Tougher and/or low-fat cuts like flank steak, sirloin, skirt, flat iron, round, and hanger steaks are best for marinating. The marinade soaks into the meat, adding flavor and helping to tenderize the meat.
Don't ruin expensive steaks by marinating them; quality cuts like rib-eye, porterhouse, T-bone, filet mignon, and NY strip are great as they are don't need to be marinated.
For more info, see How to Understand Cuts of Beef.
Cut nicks into the steak that penetrate about halfway through the thickness of the meat so the marinade can permeate more quickly. Marinade works because acids break down muscle and connective tissue, which is a slow process; if the meat is thick, the outside can get sour by the time the marinade actually penetrates the core.
In general, the more surface area that's exposed to the marinade, the better the marinade will do its job.
Mix your marinade. A basic marinade consists of an acidic liquid (which will break down muscle fibers), oil, and other flavorings, such as sweeteners, herbs, and/or spices. Marinades can be sweet and salty, Italian flavor, barbecue flavor - if you have a taste for it, chances are you can make it into a marinade.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.43258
Retrieved Text: One of my hobbies is grilling and smoking mostly meat. It consist of 1 part necessity and 2 parts being creative. A staple of any griller has got to be the steak. Come on, if you can't make a good steak can you really grill? I've marinates steaks overnight, in a vacuum, I've beat my steaks with a hammer, and I've stabbed them with forks- to name a few methods. I can't even guess how many steaks I've grilled - some of them mouth watering, and some of them timeout taking too long to chew. So, I think it's only fitting that I start out this new Recipes tag with how I grill the best steak.
Ribeye. I don't have a huge preference between bone in or boneless, but it must be marbled. A lean steak is not acceptable. If it's lean you'll try to start making up for what's missing in flavor by eating it nearly raw. The other cuts have their place. For example, a stew. The ribeye has so much flavor when done right, it's a hard cut to pass up. As for doing any trimming to the steak- I rarely do it. Sometimes there will be a large chunk of fat on the other side of the bone (away from the steak), which is pointless for taste, and I'll cut that off the reduce flareups.
If you're really serious about tasting a good steak, skip the grocery store. Find a butcher that knows a thing or two about properly aging and cutting meat. With

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To cream butter and sugar together, you can

Choice 1: Place it in a bowl and use a hand warmer

Choice 2: Place in a bowl and use a hand mixer

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.527086
Retrieved Text: Several years ago, I came upon this recipe in an old Pillsbury cookbook and it has been a family favorite since the first day I made them. I honestly cannot believe that I have never posted this recipe for Cream Cheese Biscuit Puffs.
It is really as simple and as easy as having just a few ingredients, and then I promise you will not be able to stop eating these.
All you need is a can of biscuits (not flaky layer), a block of cream cheese, 1/2 stick of butter, 1/3 cup of sugar and 2 teaspoons of cinnamon.
You cube up your cream cheese into 10 blocks. Then you melt your butter and let those cream cheese cubes rest in the butter.
While those are resting in the butter, mix together your cinnamon and sugar and set it aside.
Then, pop open your can of biscuits and flatten out each one to make it a bit bigger than it normally is.
Now, take your cream cheese cube out of the butter and roll it in the cinnamon and sugar mix. Then place the cube in the middle of the biscuit and wrap the cube up in the biscuit.
Then place them in a muffin tin. Do each one the same way until you have 10 biscuit puffs.
Once you have done that, take the remaining butter and drizzle over all the puffs in the pan and then sprinkle them with the remaining cinnamon and sugar mix.
Bake them in the oven at 400 degrees for 10-12 minutes and when they come out they look

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.202574
Retrieved Text: Take gooey butter cake to a whole new level with this yummy pumpkin dessert filled with ooey gooey, buttery, cream cheese goodness.
Pumpkin Spice Gooey Butter Cake is a spinoff of one of my favorite desserts. Growing up in St. Louis, gooey butter cake was really popular (I love St. Louis foods); in fact, you can find the best St. Louis gooey butter cake at Soulard Market.
There’s just something really yummy about cream cheese mixed together with butter and powdered sugar. And then, of course, there’s the chewy crust and the crackle-y top, probably my favorite things about this dessert.
It really only takes a few ingredients to make Pumpkin Spice Gooey Butter Cake. You do want to make sure you have a yellow cake mix, which you’ll use for the crust.
To make the crust, just mix together the cake mix, pumpkin pie spice, softened butter, and eggs. It’ll form a stiff batter, which you’ll smooth into an un-greased cake pan.
Then for the filling, just mix together an egg, softened cream cheese and butter, pumpkin purée, and powdered sugar. This will be a much thinner batter, which you’ll pour over the crust in the cake pan.
Then just bake. Once it’s baked and cooled just a bit, you’ll sprinkle it with powdered sugar for the finished look.
In the mood for more pumpkin recipes?
KitchenAid Stand Mixer – I use mine for pretty much everything I bake. It’s quite handy with mixing both the crust and the cake for this recipe.
Spatula – for scraping the bowl.
Pumpkin – I used canned pumpkin

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.105553
Retrieved Text: How to make delicious peanut butter cupcakes filled with homemade caramel sauce and caramel cream cheese frosting! Yum!
If you like the combo of peanut butter and caramel, these cupcakes are for you!
Heat sugar on medium temperature in a heavy bottom sauce pan until the sugar has melted and it has a rich amber colour, turn off the heat and slowly add the cream (be extremely careful as the sugar mixture can splash at this time), now add the butter and vanilla. Take off the stove and let cool at room temperature.
Pre-heat your oven at 175ºC and prepare your cupcake tray with your liners. Sift your dry ingredients together and leave to one side. Mix together on medium to high speed your butter, peanut butter and brown sugar (this step takes about 10 minutes because brown sugar needs longer time to reach the consistency needed for the cupcakes). Add your eggs 1 by 1 and then your vanilla essence. Now add your dry ingredients and milk alternatively. Don´t overmix the batter! Scoop 2 x tablespoons of the batter into each cupcake liner and bake for 20-22 minutes. Let cool for aprox. 10 minutes on a cooling rack and remove from the cupcake tray. Cool completely before frosting.
Sift your icing sugar and salt together. Cream your butter and cream cheese together with your paddle attachment (not whisk). Slowly add your icing sugar mixture and when well combined, add your caramel sauce. Ensure the mixture is creamy and well blended. Frost your cooled cupcakes (I used a large open

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.650349
Retrieved Text: For years I switched back and forth between sugar cookie recipes. I could never find one that I was completely in love with. Some recipes produced very soft sugar cookies but had a very bland flavor. Other recipes produced flavorful cookies but they were too dry.
This recipe is from my husband’s cousin Jen. One day I came across it when I was looking through his family’s cookbook. After making it for the first time, I knew I had a winner! The vanilla pudding mix makes the cookies soft and produces a rich vanilla flavor that I absolutely love. French vanilla pudding has the richest flavor but regular vanilla pudding will do in a pinch. I did add sour cream to the recipe. Sour cream in cookies helps keep the cookies moist.
Then there is the frosting. I don’t like frosting that tastes like straight powder sugar. So, I like to frost my cookies with a cream cheese frosting. The recipe only calls for 2 oz. of cream cheese, so it doesn’t have an overpowering cream cheese flavor. This frosting is smooth and creamy and has the perfect touch of sweetness.
Every time I take Grandma’s Soft and Chewy Sugar Cookies any where, I get asked for the recipe. People are often surprised at how easy they are to make.
I’ll let you in on a little secret, to cut down on the mess, I roll my sugar cookies out on a silicon mat. The great thing about the silicon mat is that you don’t have to use any flour.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.273348
Retrieved Text: Then simply top with fresh fruit or a compote, sprinkle with a bit of extra sugar and bake in your woodfire pizza oven as you would any regular pizza. As an extra treat you can top a slice of sweet pizza with a scoop of ice cream or a big dollop of whipped cream or yoghurt.
Today we’ll share some of our favourite combinations for dessert pizzas that you must try!
For this dreamy berry pizza start by beating together yoghurt, egg yolks, and a bit of sugar to create a pastry cream that will serve as the sauce for your pizza. Spread the sauce over the dough base and then cover with sliced strawberries. Sprinkle a bit of extra sugar on top and you are ready to bake! You could also switch out the strawberries for raspberries, blackberries, or blueberries for another take on berries and cream.
For an alternative “chocolate strawberries” pizza, switch the sauce for one made with Nutella with a bit of cream mixed in.
Do you go “fig crazy” when they are in season? If so, this dessert pizza is the one for you. Spread fig jam over the pizza base and top with fresh fig slices. Sprinkle some chopped walnuts and brown sugar over top of the figs and bake. Top with a dollop of whipped cream or slightly sweetened mascarpone cheese.
Brush your pizza base with a generous amount of butter. In a bowl, combine 85 grams flour, 65 grams of brown sugar, 50g white sugar, 25 grams rolled oats, 50g cold unsalted butter,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.247866
Retrieved Text: Peel and chop the rhubarbs, then put them in a regular kettle.
Measure the water and sugar on top of rhubarbs and stir.
Heat the mixture and let it boil for 10 minutes.
Mix the potato flours with 1 – 1,5 dl of cold water until the mixture is smooth.
Take the kettle off the hot-plate.
Once you’re satisfied with the thickness, hit the kissel with heat: put the kettle back on the hot-plate, and heat until the very first bubble appears. Then take the kettle immediately off the hot-plate (otherwise the kissel will curdle).
Mix the strawberries in the hot kissel.
Sprinkle the kissel lightly with sugar to avoid stiffening the surface and let it cool.
Serve the kissel with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream.
Notice! The kissel is delicious even without the strawberries.
Whisk the eggs heavily to break the structure.
Add 0,5 l of milk, sugar, salt and melted butter and mix well.
Add the flour and whisk heavily, until the dough is smooth.
Add the rest of the milk and mix until smooth.
Butter a large baking tray and pour the dough in it.
Bake in 200 C for 40 min.
Serve with plenty of whipped cream and strawberry jam.
Mix the margarine and sugar in a bowl with fingers.
Mix the flour and baking powder together.
Add the flour mix and sour cream into the dough and mix until smooth.
Butter a pie tin and spread the dough in it. Dab dough also on the tin edges.
Slice the apples (no need to peel) and set them on top of the pie base. Sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon.
Bake in 225 C

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.067932
Retrieved Text: 11/09/2016 · Then place the mixture into a cheese cloth over a strainer and squeeze the coconut to drain out as much of the liquid as you can. Place the coconut …... To make the custard, pour the eggs, egg yolk, cream cheese, coconut cream, evaporated milk, condensed milk, vanilla, cinnamon and salt into a blender. Blend for 1-2 minutes, until it's nice and smooth and the cream cheese is fully incorporated.
I can’t wait to try this! Thanks for your awesome recipes! I have a yogurt question, if you don’t mind answering on your cream cheese post 🙂 I have been making yogurt using your recipe (subbing almond milk for the cashew, and it works great, by the way) and I looove it. how to make cream cheese from raw goat milk Thus: Coconut Cream Cheese. It may sound like a bit of a hassle, but it’s actually very easy to make. Most of the prep time is just letting it sit to drain and then ferment.
17/03/2018 · Beat the cream cheese, butter, sugar, and coconut extract together. Add 8 ounces (225 g) of softened cream cheese, ½ cup (113 g) of softened butter, 2 cups (250 g) of powdered sugar, and 1 tablespoon (15 ml) of coconut extract to the bowl of a stand mixer.
In a large bowl, with an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese, condensed milk and coconut milk until smooth. Add coconut extract and mix to combine. Add coconut extract and mix to combine. Spoon cheesecake filling into serving glasses, directly onto

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.044033
Retrieved Text: This was one of the first recipes I shared on the blog last April. However, it was lost in the conversion so I’ve updated the photos and am re-sharing it.
My coworkers and I have the occasional potluck to celebrate a holiday, birthday, or just as an excuse to get together and share a meal. Everyone seems have their niche for what they bring. The boss brings a salad, one coworker usually brings meatballs, another chips and I usually bring dessert. When we are celebrating a birthday, I will ask the person whose birthday it is what they’d like. One time Mr. Meatballs requested “anything peanut butter and chocolate”. This pie was created and it’s become a favorite in the group.
I feel like this pie is great for potluck situations for a couple of reasons. I can make the separate components (crust, filling, and topping) the night before and put it all together the day of. It can sit in the fridge for several hours and the crust won’t get soggy. It seems like at our potlucks anyway that dessert isn’t eaten right away, so I like that this pie can be out of the fridge up to 2 hours before it gets droopy.
The ingredients are pretty straightforward (I realized after the fact that I forgot to include the heavy cream in this shot…oh well).
One thing I will note is that the chocolate cookies can be tricky to find in the grocery store. At the store we normally shop at, they are in the cookie aisle on

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.008173
Retrieved Text: Cinnamon Coffee Cake with Buttermilk is the perfect dessert to start off the fall season. This is an easy coffee cake recipe from scratch with a brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg topping.
Coffee cake is such a great dessert for parties. I’m guessing that you’ve probably got most, if not all, of the ingredients already in your cupboard. And the buttermilk adds a rich flavor and keeps the cake moist.
What Makes a Coffee Cake a Coffee Cake?
Most cakes have a frosting or icing on top, such as a pound cake or birthday cake. But, coffee cake usually has a streusel type crumbled mixture on the top. Icing can also be drizzled across the streusel.
This cinnamon coffee cake recipe includes nutmeg which always reminds me of fall. It’s a delicious side treat to a pumpkin latte or a nice steaming cup of coffee.
And let me tell you, this is a super moist recipe. It wasn’t too heavy or too dense. It’s a lighter version of the typical crumb coffee cake recipe.
Add the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon to a medium-sized bowl and mix together. Set aside.
In a separate large bowl, add the butter to the mixer and cream.
If you’re like me and forget to set the butter on the counter for a while so it can soften, you can go on and place it in the mixer and cream it for a little longer.
Add the sugar to the butter mixture and mix again.
Add the brown sugar to the butter mixture and mix again.
Add one egg

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.928898
Retrieved Text: These snickerdoodle bars are one of the many recipes I enjoy making during FALL.
There’s something about the FRAGRANCE of cinnamon and nutmeg filling up the kitchen that makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
Some people like to call them snickerdoodle blondie bars OR snickerdoodle cookie bars.
Honestly, I don’t really know the difference and regardless of the name, they all taste the SAME.
They are SOFT and CHEWY and have a crispy sugary top that’s irresistible!
I know many people like to make snickerdoodle bars from cookie mix or cake mix BUT they are just not as flavorful as these bars from SCRATCH.
Try them once and I promise you will fall in love!
Eggs and butter must be at room temperature so they blend together properly.
You must use unsalted butter since salted butter would make these bars very salty.
Don’t replace butter with margarine or oil since that will drastically affect this recipe.
DON’T skip the cream of tartar since it gives these bars a nice texture.
Don’t replace powdered sugar with granulated sugar or vice vera. You need to use both types of sugars in the batter to give the best texture.
Stir 1/2 cup cinnamon chips or white chocolate chips into the batter to make them even more delicious.
Enjoy these bars as is OR drizzle them with a simple glaze or caramel sauce or even American buttercream frosting.
The batter will be thick but please DON’T over-mix!
To make snickerdoodle cream cheese bars or snickerdoodle cheesecake bars, top these bars with cream cheese frosting.
Leftovers can be stored in a sealed container at room

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.91632
Retrieved Text: The best Milk Chocolate Buttercream Frosting recipe you will ever need!
This is my favorite milk chocolate buttercream frosting and it’s so simple to make!
It’s my go to chocolate frosting that I use on all of my cakes, cupcakes, cookies, and brownies.
These Frosted Peanut Butter Bars are my favorite…they’re like the ones I use to LOVE in grade school at lunch time.
I adapted this recipe from my classic vanilla buttercream frosting recipe, which is one of the most popular recipes on my blog.
So if you need a vanilla buttercream frosting recipe, go check that one out too!
I also have another awesome Sugar Cooke Frosting recipe perfect for Christmas Cut-Out Cookies.
Lots of different options and every kind of frosting recipe you want, I got it for you.
● MILK CHOCOLATE CANDY BAR: 1 (4.4 oz.) milk chocolate candy bar. I used the KING SIZE Hershey’s Milk Chocolate Candy Bar. You could also buy 4 (1.55 oz.) regular sized candy bars.
● BUTTER: 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter. Make sure the butter is softened to room temperature before making the frosting.
● POWDERED SUGAR: 2 1/2 cups powdered sugar.
● HEAVY WHIPPING CREAM: 1/4 cup heavy whipping cream.
● VANILLA EXTRACT: just 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract.
STEP 1: Place milk chocolate candy bar into small bowl. Microwave for 30 seconds intervals, stirring after each interval until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Set aside and allow to cool.
STEP 2: Using an electric or stand mixer, cream together butter and powdered sugar together until light and fluffy, scraping the sides of the bowl as needed.
STEP

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.890514
Retrieved Text: FUN Monster Cookie Bar Recipe! | Made It. Ate It. Loved It.
Home / bars / Make Your Own Monster Cookie Bars!
by madeitateitloveditLeave a Comment on Make Your Own Monster Cookie Bars!
Cookie Bars can be topped in all varieties! They are a fun way to customize a dessert for friends and family!
Cream together the butter and sugar. Then add the vanilla, peanut butter and eggs.
Mix together and then add the flour, salt, baking soda and quick oats. Combined well.
Grab a 9×13 baking dish or 2 9×9’s if you are making a variety of flavors.
Then press the dough into the baking dish. Then top with the toppings! Then gently press ingredients down.
Then bake at 350 degrees for 12-15 minutes.
Cream together the butter and sugar. Then add the vanilla, peanut butter and eggs. Mix together and then add the flour, salt, baking soda and quick oats. Combined well. Grab a 9×13 baking dish or 2 9×9’s if you are making a variety of flavors. Then press the dough into the baking dish. Then top with the toppings! Then gently press ingredients down.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.884468
Retrieved Text: This decadent banana cake is supremely moist and loaded with banana flavor. It’s easy to make and topped with a sweet-tangy cream cheese frosting.
Preheat oven to 350F and grease a 9×13″ baking dish.
In a medium bowl, toss together the flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside.
Using a stand mixer with paddle attachment or electric mixer, cream together the sugar and butter until combined. Mix in the sour cream, then eggs, one at a time, mixing in between.
Mix in the mashed bananas and vanilla extract. Then slowly stir in the flour mixture until just combined. Spoon the batter into the prepared baking pan.
Bake for 35-40 minutes or until the center comes out clean. Let cool completely before frosting.
Using a stand mixer with paddle attachment or electric mixer, beat the butter and cream cheese until combined.
Mix in the powdered sugar one cup at a time, scraping the bottom of the bowl occasionally. Then mix in the vanilla and salt until smooth.
Spread on cake, and top with chopped walnuts, chocolate shavings or banana slices (just before serving) if desired.
Cream the butter and sugar together until it looks like wet sand for an even mix.
If you are using a stand mixer, make sure you scrape the bottom of the bowl at every step, so you don’t end up with an unevenly mixed batter.
If you are using an electric mixer to stir in the flour, add it in two parts, so you don’t get flour everywhere. If you are stirring it in by hand, then go ahead and add it in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.873102
Retrieved Text: This old fashioned butterscotch pudding recipe is a nostalgic treat. If you think you don’t like butterscotch, it’s because you haven’t had real butterscotch. Let me show you how to make it! Find more of my butterscotch recipes.
Butterscotch is my absolute favorite flavor. I love it more than chocolate and more than caramel.
A lot of folks aren’t butterscotch fans, and it’s my contention that they don’t like it because they’ve never had real butterscotch, only bright yellow-colored candies or prepackaged or instant pudding.
So come, let me share with you the magic that is real, classic, rich butterscotch pudding.
3 What Does Butterscotch Pudding Taste Like?
If you look at a lot of recipes for butterscotch pudding, you’ll find that most have you melt butter, add brown sugar, and then add the rest of the ingredients and cook until thickened.
I contend this is not real butterscotch.
The real magic happens when you cook the butter and brown sugar together until the butter browns and the sugar caramelizes. You’ll know it’s ready when it just barely starts to smoke.
Develop the flavor in your butterscotch by cooking butter and dark brown sugar together.
It’s the magical combination of browned butter and caramelized sugar with an undercurrent of molasses that defines the flavor “butterscotch.” And you can’t get it without cooking the butter and brown sugar together for a pretty long time.
The two flavors are similar, but they also are distinctly different.
The short answer is that butterscotch = sugar + butter + molasses + salt, or in modern terms, brown sugar + butter.
If you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.779888
Retrieved Text: It inspired me to make this easy and delightful cobbler made of Jiffy cornbread mix, a household staple growing up, and corn flakes. This dish feels like the epitome of summer in the south. Peaches, cornbread and cold whipped cream. What could be better?
Let’s get started on this recipe. I’ll be honest, I didn’t use peach truck peaches, and I regret it. I used white peaches from the grocery. Go out and get yourself some reeaaaally good peaches for this one, and it’ll be much tastier. Slice your peaches into thin quarter inch slices and place in a bowl. Mix with a tablespoon of flour and a tablespoon of sugar and set aside.
For the topping, I just followed the instructions on the jiffy box. Mix together one 8 ounce box of jiffy corn muffin mix with 1/3 cup milk and 1 egg. It’ll be a lumpy mixture. Then let it sit for 3 minutes while you make the other part of your topping.
In a separate bowl, mix together the butter, flour, and sugar using a fork to cut the butter into the mixture until it’s lumpy like cornmeal. Then gently stir in the corn flakes without crushing them.
Pour your peach mixture into a deep pie dish or an 8×8 square pan. Dollop the corn muffin mixture all over the top, but leaving gaps here and there. You may not need it all. Sprinkle all of the cornflake mixture over the top. Then bake the cobbler for 40-45 minutes at 350 fahrenheit until it’s golden brown!
I made

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.745415
Retrieved Text: Georgia Green shows us how to decorate a rainbow cake along with tips and tricks of how we can get it right.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9 inch cake pan.
In a bowl, cream together the sugar and butter. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then stir in the vanilla and salt to this mixture.
Stir in the milk until batter is smooth. Pour batter into the prepared pan.
For the Frosting - Cream room temperature butter with the paddle attachment of a bowl of the mixer.
Slowly beat in confectioners' sugar until fully incorporated. Beat in vanilla extract.
Pour in milk and beat for an additional 3-4 minutes. Add you favourite food coloring, and beat for few seconds until smooth.
We make 6x butter cream recipe to decorate one cake.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.731161
Retrieved Text: Coconut Palm Sugar Cookies... made with palm sugar from the coconut palm tree.
To use these discs, you can dissolved them in cooking liquid (if making a soup or custard-style dessert). However, for cookies, it is easier to work with if you grate it. You can use a regular box grater to shred the sugar (good luck) – or use the grating attachment of your food processor (if your food processor can handle heavy duty grating). If your palm sugar is too hard to grate, soften it by microwaving for a few seconds.
I created this recipe for Coconut Palm Sugar Cookies yesterday morning – these cookies are slightly crispy on the outside, but light, soft, and cake-like in the middle. The dough is a little bit “wetter” in the beginning since you start with melted butter, but after chilling, you get a much stiffer cookie dough that you can scoop with (I use a cookie scoop). Make sure you do not skip the chilling step, otherwise the dough will spread too much when the cookies are baking.
You can buy cans of coconut cream (usually next to the coconut milk at the Asian market). If you can’t find coconut cream, refrigerate a can of regular coconut milk, then open (without shaking) – the thick substance floating on the top is the coconut cream.
1. Grate the palm sugar into a small bowl. (If you have a heavy duty food processor, you can use it to grate the hard discs).
2. Cut the butter into a few pieces, combine with the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.718462
Retrieved Text: This quick and easy quiche is one of my favorites…perfect for a meal or snack on the go. The crust is adapted from the yogurt dough in Nourishing Traditions, and is buttery with a little tang! If you prefer, you can bake in a pie dish instead of individual pans. This is delicious hot or cold!
Cream together butter and sugar, then add flour until a soft dough is formed. If it is too sticky, you can add a bit more flour.
Cover with a towel and let sit 7-12 hours.
When ready to bake, pat dough into 4 individual bowls or 1 regular size pie pan.
Pour filling in, and bake at 350 for 20-30 minutes, until puffed and lightly browned.
Let set a few minutes before serving, or store in the refrigerator to eat cold.
There is a problem with these directions …. you say to cream butter and sugar, but the ingredients list has butter and yogurt (which you don’t mention) but no sugar. Otherwise it sounds delicious!
You never fixed it! I’m assuming the yogurt is correct not the sugar?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.702768
Retrieved Text: This post is dedicated to our fellow food blogger Jennifer Perillo, of In Jennie's Kitchen, who has inspired us with her lovely website, generous spirit and fantastic recipes. Her husband died suddenly and Jennie's request of the world was to make a peanut butter pie to give to someone you love. Peanut Butter Pie was Mikey's favorite and in his honor I created this version to share with all of you. I hope you will make it, enjoy it with someone you love and hold Jennifer and her family in your hearts.
In a food processor, break up the Oreos into fine crumbs. Add the butter and process until the mixture comes together slightly. Divide the cookie crust between the pie plates and press it firmly against the bottom and sides of the dish. Set in the refrigerator to firm up.
Beat the cream cheese in a stand mixer on medium speed using the paddle attachment, until it is light and fluffy. Add the peanut butter and confectioners' sugar; continue beating on low speed for about 1 minute. Add the condensed milk, sour cream, vanilla and lemon juice, and mix until smooth. Add the melted and cooled milk chocolate and mix until evenly distributed. Fold in half the whipped cream to lighten the batter, and then fold in the remaining cream until it is evenly distributed. Pour into the chilled crusts. Place the pies in the refrigerator to chill uncovered for about an hour.
In a small saucepot heat the heavy cream on low to a gentle simmer. Turn

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.690994
Retrieved Text: Buy a dozen unfrosted chocolate cupcakes at your local bakery, and frost them with this ready-in-a-snap Peanut Butter Frosting. Nutrition Information Nutrition Facts... Then the peanut butter and vanilla extract, mix until smooth and creamy. Add more of the heavy cream if needed, to get your desired consistency. Add the frosting to a piping bag fitted with the tip of your choice (ziplock bag with the tip cut off will work too).
Cupcakes may be made vegan by using non-dairy milk, and topping with your favorite vegan frosting. If you want to add some variety, swap the peanut butter in the frosting with Nutella for an extra chocolatey treat. how to make a hydrograph in excel 2013 Add the peanut butter, confectioners' sugar, heavy cream, vanilla extract, and salt with the mixer running on low. Increase to high speed and beat for 3 full minutes. Add up to 1/4 cup more confectioners' sugar if frosting is too thin or another Tablespoon of cream if frosting is too thick.
This chocolate peanut butter banana frosting pairs well with vanilla cupcakes or chocolate cupcakes. But, it would also be great on banana cupcakes or even as a spread on a bread ! I’m on a total sprinkle kick lately, by the way.
To make the frosting, cream together the butter, cream cheese, peanut butter and vanilla until smooth. Add the icing sugar and beat until fluffy and light. Swirl the peanut butter frosting over the cooled banana bread and drizzle with caramel sauce.
10/03/2015 · Most dogs love peanut butter. Peanut butter

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.683746
Retrieved Text: An almond-flavored shortbread sandwich cookie with a rich caramel filling in the middle. Popular in South American countries.
Cream the butter with the powdered sugar until fluffy. Stir in salt, extracts, ground almonds and flour. Wrap and chill 30 minutes. (If you chill longer, you have to let the dough warm up a bit before it can be rolled. Or, do what professional pastry chefs do: whack it with a rolling pin until it becomes more malleable).
In a medium saucepan, heat brown sugar with cream over medium heat. As it cooks, brush inner sides of pan with a pastry brush dipped in cold water. This wipes away grainy sugar crystals. Heat until mixture reaches soft ball stage (238-240 F). Remove from heat - let cool to about 110 F. Stir in the butter and beat until mixture is thickened. Add vanilla. (Heat to loosen or add additional cream). If mixture is too thin, add in confectioners' sugar.
between batches. Cool cookies on wire racks.
with another cookie and press together nicely. Be careful, these are fragile. Dust tops with confectioner's sugar.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.654657
Retrieved Text: FYI: You will need a cookie press for this recipe.
** OR ** you can use a pastry bag with a large pastry tip.
2. In large mixing bowl, beat butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Beat in egg yolk, sour cream and vanilla. In a medium bowl, sift together flour, cinnamon, salt and baking soda.
3. Gradually add flour mixture to butter mixture. Fill cookie press with dough, then form cookies onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake 6-8 mins, then remove from oven and cool on pan for 1 min. Remove cookies and place on wire racks to cool.
4. FOR GLAZE: In small bowl, whisk together powdered sugar, milk, melted butter and vanilla. Add milk as needed.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.609245
Retrieved Text: Easy Peanut Butter Pie - Chocolate Chocolate and More!
A creamy peanut butter pie filling is nestled in an Oreo crust and topped with a dark chocolate whipped cream.
Hey guys! Jessica from Sprinkle Some Sugar here. Ohhhh man, you guys. Have I got a treat for you today! I just love easy recipes for when I’m in a pinch and need a quick recipe. This recipe is almost no-bake, you’ll just need to bake the crust. I like a firmer crust so it stays together but if you don’t mind a crumbly crust, you don’t even need to bake it! Which makes this pie even easier.
To prep this dessert, you’ll start by pulsing the Oreos and butter together and pressing them into a lightly greased pie plate. If you choose to bake it, it’ll bake for 10 minutes and then you’ll need to cool it completely before filling. To make the filling, you’ll whip everything up in a big bowl and just pour it into the cooled crust. Refrigerate for a few hours or preferably overnight and there ya go! A super easy and AMAZINGLY delicious dessert that comes together super quick. Before serving you can whip up some dark chocolate whipped cream to garnish the top with for extra deliciousness.
IF BAKING CRUST Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
For the filling, beat cream cheese and peanut butter together until smooth with no lumps. Add confectioner's sugar and vanilla and beat again until smooth. In a separate bowl, whip heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Fold into peanut butter

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.57251
Retrieved Text: A wonderful accompaniment to hot coffee or tea is a rich coffee cake made with sour cream. This page contains sour cream coffee cake recipes.
Moist and feeds many people! This is a Southern cake that gets its name from the sour cream and cinnamon tastes that will sock it to you!
Set aside 1 tablespoon cake mix and 1 1/2 cups pie filling. In a mixing bowl, combine eggs, sour cream, water, oil, extract and remaining cake mix and pie filling.
A tasty sour cream coffee cake with a streak of chocolate chips in the middle!
In large bowl of electric mixer, combine margarine or butter, sugar and eggs. Beat until mixture is light and fluffy.
Blend in sour cream. Sift flour again with soda and baking powder into creamed mixture, add vanilla.
Very moist. Instant Vanilla Pudding and Sour Cream added to Hines Yellow Cake Mix.
Mix sugar, cake mix, sour cream, oil and eggs. Pour 1/2 of mixture in a greased tube or Bundt pan. In a small bowl, mix brown sugar, cinnamon and nuts.
Mix the preceding, except topping, in mixer at medium speed for 5 minutes. Grease a Bundt pan and put 1/2 of the topping in bottom of Bundt pan and the rest in the cake mixture.
Mix the cake mix, vanilla pudding, eggs, sour cream, vegetable oil and vanilla together and pour into a greased 9x13 inch pan. Mix the sugar, cinnamon and pecans together and sprinkle over the batter; marbelize with a knife.
Cream shortening and 3/4 cup sugar together in bowl. Combine eggs and sour cream. Add

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.533295
Retrieved Text: Dark cookies with charcoal and almond flour sandwich a creamy center with coconut cream and honey. Make it Bulletproof and swap the chocolate ghee with your own blend of ghee and raw cacao powder. Make it Bulletproof and swap the chocolate ghee with �... Easy to make dairy-free and healthy chocolate ice-cream without a machine. Suitable for vegan, plant-based, paleo, sugar-free and general healthy diets. See the bottom of Suitable for vegan, plant-based, paleo, sugar-free and general healthy diets.
Easy to make dairy-free and healthy chocolate ice-cream without a machine. Suitable for vegan, plant-based, paleo, sugar-free and general healthy diets. See the bottom of Suitable for vegan, plant-based, paleo, sugar-free and general healthy diets.... Easy to make dairy-free and healthy chocolate ice-cream without a machine. Suitable for vegan, plant-based, paleo, sugar-free and general healthy diets. See the bottom of Suitable for vegan, plant-based, paleo, sugar-free and general healthy diets.
Easy to make dairy-free and healthy chocolate ice-cream without a machine. Suitable for vegan, plant-based, paleo, sugar-free and general healthy diets. See the bottom of Suitable for vegan, plant-based, paleo, sugar-free and general healthy diets. how to make cream cheese from raw goat milk If you prefer a nut-free ice cream, you can use a seed butter like sunflower seed butter, pumpkin seed butter or tahini instead of almond butter. In your food processor or blender, blend raw almonds into a creamy, smooth texture (to make a nut butter).
Charcoal Ice Cream Black Ice Cream Charcoal Recipe Colorful Ice Cream Black Sesame Ice Cream Ice Cream Ingredients Ice Cream Flavors

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.530466
Retrieved Text: Bananas and peanut butter are a match made in dessert heaven in these Peanut Butter Banana Cream Pie Bars. Made with a Nilla Wafer cookie crust and delicious layers of peanut butter, bananas, pudding and whipped cream.
Preheat oven to 350° F degrees. Line a 9x13-inch pan with foil and spray very well with cooking spray.
Pulse Nilla Wafers in a food processor until a very fine crumb is achieved. Add melted butter and sugar and pulse until combined. Pour into prepared baking pan, being sure to press it down evenly very well. Bake for 10 minutes.
To make whipped cream, beat heavy cream until thick and creamy. Beat in powdered sugar and vanilla until combined.
Place sliced bananas in a single layer on top of warm crust. Stir peanut butter and one cup whipped cream together and spread gently on top of bananas.
Stir milk and pudding mix together until thickened. Spread over top of peanut butter layer. Add remaining whipped cream on top of pudding very carefully.
Chill in refrigerator for 2 hours. Top with melted peanut butter and sliced bananas, if desired.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.509085
Retrieved Text: 2. Simmer the water and the dates together in a pan for 10 minutes.
3. Add the lemon and orange zest, vanilla flavouring, camp coffee and bicarbonate of soda, mixing well.
4. Make the clementine sugar by blending together the sugar and clementine zest in a food processor until well-mixed.
5. In a mixing bowl, cream together the clementine sugar and butter.
6. Mix in the eggs, add the walnuts, flour, mincemeat, cinnamon and mixed spice, mixing well, then mix in the date mixture.
7. Pour into a greased roasting tray and bake for 25 minutes until spongy. Allow to cool slightly.
8. Meanwhile, make the sauce. Boil the sugar and water together in a pan until it caramelises, turning golden brown.
9. Stir in the cream and butter and finally the chopped pecans.
10. Make the snowflake ice cream by mixing the crushed white chocolate into the ice cream.
11. To serve, cut out four individual rounds of the sponge pudding. Spoon over the sauce and serve with almond tuiles and the snowflake ice cream.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.486277
Retrieved Text: A simple low carb peanut butter ice cream topping that’s a nice change from hot fudge. Serve it warm as a topping for your favorite sugar free ice cream.
My favorite ice cream flavor has always been peanut butter. There’s just something about it. However, I don’t always have the time to pull out the ice cream maker and whip up a batch of home made peanut butter ice cream.
This peanut butter ice cream topping is a quick and easy way to get the flavor into regular store bought low carb ice cream. I don’t even bother heating up the leftovers.
I just mix a little bit of this luscious sauce into sugar free vanilla ice cream to satisfy my craving. Sometimes, it’s just what I need for an after work snack.
Carbsmart is one of the low carb ice creams that I buy. The other one is a non-dairy frozen dessert made by So Delicious. It’s made from coconut milk and is a little harder to find.
You’ll love this peanut butter ice cream topping served warm over either sugar free vanilla or chocolate ice cream. I like to swirl it in so that the yummy peanut butter flavor is in every bite.
When I have time, I’ll serve in on my own homemade vanilla or chocolate low carb ice cream. My chocolate recipe is actually a dairy free ice cream made with coconut cream.
Are you a peanut butter lover? If so, you must try this yummy sauce!
A simple low carb peanut butter sauce sweetened with all natural stevia and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.431837
Retrieved Text: Cream Gingerbread. No Cookies. No. 6. 1 cup cream 1 cup butter 1 cup sugar 1 teaspoon soda 1 teaspoon caraway seed 2 eggs. Cream Gingerbread No. 7. 1 tumbler sour cream 1 tumbler molasses 2 eggs 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon soda 1 teaspoon ginger flour to make as stiff as pound cake. Molasses Gingerbread. Mrs. Marsh. No. 8. 1 cup sugar 1 cup molasses 1 cup milk 1 cup butter 4 cups flour 4 eggs 2 teaspoons ginger 2 teaspoons cream tartar 1 teaspoon soda. Ginger snaps. Mrs. Hodges. No. 6. 1 cup sugar 1 cup butter mixed together 2 cups molasses 2/3 cup sour cream containing 1 egg & 1 teaspoon soda 1 tablespoon ginger - mix well melt the butter. Add flour to make stiff. Ginger snaps. No. 7. 4 teaspoons water 6 teaspoons butter 1 teaspoon soda put in teacup & fill up with molasses - flour to roll out 1 teaspoon ginger.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.399954
Retrieved Text: Put crockpot on low heat for 3 hours. Do not stir. After 3 hours, stir with a wooden spoon. Using a spoon, put into small (1¼”) cupcake liners. Cool completely. Makes over 100 candies.
Preheat oven to 375°F. In large bowl, combine butter, peanut butter, brown sugar, milk and vanilla; beat at medium speed until well blended. Add egg and beat until just blended. In a smaller bowl, combine flour, salt and baking soda. Add to creamed mixture at low speed. Mix until just blended. Fold in the peanuts and mini peanut butter cups. Drop by heaping teaspoonfuls, 2” apart on ungreased cookie sheet. Flatten slightly with a fork. Bake at 375°F for 7 to 8 minutes or until just set and beginning to brown. Do not overbake. Cool 2 minutes on cookie sheet, then remove to cooling rack and completely cool. Makes 3 dozen cookies.
Melt butter or margarine. Mix it well with graham cracker crumbs and powdered sugar. Pack this firmly in bottom of 9” or 10” springform pan.
Preheat oven to 350°. Blend or beat sugar, cream cheese, eggs and vanilla. Pour this over unbaked crust in springform pan. Bake on a cookie sheet in preheated oven for 50 minutes. Beat sour cream while cheesecake is baking. Remove cheesecake from oven and top with sour cream. Bake for 5 more minutes. Let cake cool completely before topping with prepared pie filling. Chill several hours before serving. Serves 12.
Mix flour, pecans and margarine. Press into 9”x13” pan. Bake at 350°, 8 to 10 minutes or until golden

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to best cut the meat to place on a grill?

Choice 1: Place a knife on the grill for around 15 minutes for the blade to be red hot. Gently push the knife through the meat to get a perfect cut.

Choice 2: Use a sharp knife or scissor and cut the meat properly as per the required size.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.43319
Retrieved Text: My dad was the King of Kebab, and not only my best friend he taught me all the things a son needed to know. Fish, throw a fastball, and how to build a really good fire.. In fact a TV series and one of my cookbooks "Know Your Fire" was the inspiration and tribute to a great man, friend and my father. Dad, this kebab is for you, happy Fathers Day!
One of the oldest cooking techniques in existence—the art of grilling meat on a skewer, was derived from medieval Turkish soldiers who used their swords to cook meat over an open fire. However, cooking on skewers with higher quality meats was once only reserved for kings and nobility. Thank goodness things have changed. For best cooking results, the skewered meat should be grilled on a very hot grill or with hot embers. The skewers should be frequently turned during grilling using caution so the melting fat is not dripped directly over the hot burner or coals, causing a flair-up.
For Vegetables: any mixture of onion, peppers, squash, eggplant, and mushrooms, cut into 2 inch cubesMix the cut up meat and vegetables. Grease metal skewers with cooking spray or oil. If possible, use long, flat metal skewers. Divide the meat mixture evenly on all skewers (depending on the length of skewer). Push the skewer through the middle of the meat, lengthwise, and alternate with a piece of onion on the skewer, spreading it evenly. Repeat with the other skewers. Season with the garlic, cayenne, cumin, oregano, parsley, mint,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.286465
Retrieved Text: T-Bones is one of my favorite meals. Ever. All cuts of beef have always been my favorite, It is the perfect meal for me. It reminds me of growing up on a cattle farm, dad cooking on the grill, family dinners. T-Bone Steaks, when grilled correctly, are best off the grill at home. When you can enjoy T-Bone Steaks at home, it always feels like a special meal. This summer when the sweet corn is ready, that is a perfect combination with any cut of meat.
Kids won't normally order steaks when they are eating out, but mine will. When we eat steaks at home, table manners are thrown out the window, and you can find my teenage daughter eating steak with her hands. I know I need to work on her manners, or not worry about her going on any dates when she is age - appropriate (we have decided that is 30).
Grilling T-Bone steaks at home can save you money, because it is an expensive cut of meat to begin with. I have seen the prices of T-Bone steaks increase in the past years.
Why has the price of meat gone up?
There is a very strong demand for beef products. When demand goes up, so does the price. The consumer will see this all trickle down to an increased price at the grocery store. According to USDA, beef demand has gone up 12% from 2016-2017. Not only has the demand in the US gone up, Japan is demanding more of our meat, up 26%. In return,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.851992
Retrieved Text: Pork chops are such a versatile meat which can be prepared a variety of ways. Grilling pork chops is always extremely popular and my adding the sweetness of honey, the pork chops really come alive.
Using center cut boneless pork chops on your Foreman Grill or other indoor contact grill is always the best way to go. Bone-in pork chops can indeed be used, but depending on the thickness and evenness, it can often be a challenge. So stick with the center cut boneless variety for this purpose. Also, you’ll get best results by using pork chops that are thin cut. 1/4″ – 1/2″ thickness is the absolute best for your indoor grill. Any thicker and it starts to get difficult to grill properly. If all you have are thick cut pork chops, use a good knife and slice them in half.
Preheat your grill for at least 5 minutes with the lid closed. Use highest setting if your grill has temperature settings.
In a shallow baking dish, mix honey, soy sauce, mustard and ginger. Pour 1/2 the mixture into a separate bowl of cup for using later in the process. Place pork chops in dish and coat well with the honey glaze mixture. Place coated pork chops on grill and close lid.
Grilling times will be approximately 8-11 minutes for 1/2″ thick pork chops. About 5 minutes through the grilling process you can flip the chops and turn them a 1/4 turn for crisscross grill marks if so desired. This also helps for even cooking.
Remove from grill when meat

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.519775
Retrieved Text: This is one of my favorite marinades for beef. You can use Flank or Flat Iron steak. It is best with large garlic cloves. Salting is not necessary due to the soy sauce or Tamari. The Tamari is what makes it gluten free. Soy sauce has wheat as one of it’s main ingredients.
Add all ingredients to a shallow dish that has at least 1-inch sides. Stir ingredients well.
Rinse meat under cool water.
Place meat into dish with marinade.
With a sharp knife, diagonally score the meat to about a 1/4 inch depth. This allows the meat to absorbed more marinade.
Flip meat in marinade several times to coat.
Place dish with steak and marinade into refrigerator for at least 6 hours. Flip often. After flipping, spoon some of the marinade onto the up facing side.
After 6 hours, preheat grill on low to medium.
Place meat onto the grill. You will want the meat to be on the rare side. So cook for a short time. The meat should reach 130 oF (49 oC) to be rare. Never cut into meat to check the doneness. It will allow the juices to escape. And dry out the meat. Im addition, it can kill your presentation.
Remove meat from grill. Let stand for 10 after removing from grill. Then cut very thin slices against the grain. Not allowing the meat to sit for 10 minutes can toughen the meat.
I might pack this off for the cottage!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.235895
Retrieved Text: Fire up the grill -- it's time to grill steak!
Grilling a perfect, tender steak doesn't take a culinary degree. Learn a few tricks on meat selection, seasoning and cooking to give you enough know-how to cook excellent, mouth-watering steaks every time you fire up the grill.
A quality steak starts with selecting the best piece of meat. One of the most important qualities to look for in a grilling steak is the amount of marbling in the meat or the amount of fat in the cut. The more marbling in a steak, the more flavorful and tender it will be. Popular cuts with good marbling include rib eye, porterhouse, T-bone, tenderloin and New York strip.
Also, consider the thickness of the meat. You want a good, thick steak that won’t dry out too quickly on the high heat of a barbecue. Look for a cut at least 3/4 inch thick, but no more than 1-1/2 inches thick. Many cooks go for the 1-inch thickness as a happy medium.
Now, let’s talk about marinating. Some cooks love to experiment with marinades, while others prefer just a little salt and pepper to let the flavor of the meat speak for itself. It comes down to personal preference. However, if you are spending top dollar on a well-marbled rib-eye or porterhouse, you may not want to mask its flavor in teriyaki sauce.
Marinating does work well for tougher cuts, like sirloin, since the process helps tenderize it. Other cuts, like T-bone and New York strip, also respond well to marinades, but limit the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.639967
Retrieved Text: The tri-tip steak is an especially juicy beef cut and is perfectly suited for a quick sear at high temperatures. Covered in a whiskey-mustard marinade this steak will rock your grilling world. Try our grilled tri-tip recipe right away and amaze your friends and family with this unique steak dish, marinade and mushrooms combination!
The tri-tip steak has its name because it’s a triangular cut from the bottom sirloin sub primal cut. It mostly consists of muscle and usually weighs around 5 pounds. Thanks to its intensive marbling, it is wonderfully juicy and has a rich, robust taste.
Fun Fact: The tri-tip cut was actually discovered by Otto. No, not by our Otto, the inventor of the Otto Grill, but by Otto Schaefer Sr. who first marketed the steak as “tri-tip” in Oakland, California back in the 1950s. Before that, the triangular shaped cut was mostly ground up and used for hamburgers.
There are several ways to prepare this cut, but the best way to grill tri-tip is with a high temperature sear. The trick for the perfect sear is to age the tri-tip for at least three weeks. As a grill staple in the US, tri-tip is traditionally served as a roast in large parts of Europe. So, better ask your trusted butcher if the cut was aged properly and is well-suited for grilling. In our best tri-tip steak recipe with whisky marinade, Otto will show you how to get an especially aromatic grill result on your plate.
Steak and whiskey go great together. First, you prepare the whiskey

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.382633
Retrieved Text: Cooking beef brisket is a simple recipe that you can learn easily. Here is a brief information about the various methods of cooking a tasty piece of meat taken from the lower chest area of either of veal or beef.
With proper cooking tips, the least tender meat pieces can be made tender and juicy. The same holds true for a beef brisket, which is the cut meat from the breast area of beef. In the earlier days, this meat was considered worthless and used mostly in hamburgers. Today, it is popularly used as a versatile meat, especially because of its taste and low price.
It tastes good when it is braised, smoked, grilled, or barbecued. Besides the cooking part, proper selection of the meat is also important. As per your taste, you can opt for the flat cut or point cut. Though point cut is more flavorful, it contains more fat. Hence, if you are very conscious about the calorie intake, go for flat cut.
A corned beef brisket is nothing but salt treated meat. It tastes best when served with other vegetables. An alternative is, to cook potatoes, vegetables, and the beef in the same pot.
First of all, boil the corned beef in a large-sized pot, over a medium flame. Make sure that the meat is completely submerged in water.
In case seasoning is provided in the packet, add it in the boiling pot. Otherwise you can add 2 tablespoons of salt, pepper, dill seeds, and other culinary herbs for seasoning.
Always maintain medium heat and keep the lid

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.254457
Retrieved Text: Watch as Bobby Flay grills old school chicken skewers. He gives tips on how to keep skewers from burning and cooking chicken evenly without plumping up. Follow these simple steps to grill citrus flavored chicken. 1.	Skewer each half chicken thigh with 2 skewers so that they lay flat. Place the chicken in a large shallow baking dish. 2.	Whisk together the orange juice, lime juice, oil, chili powder, and garlic. Pour over the thighs and marinate in the refrigerator 1 to 4 hours. 3.	Prepare a charcoal grill to high heat. 4.	Remove the thighs from the marinade and sprinkle with salt and pepper on both sides. Place the thighs directly over the coals and cook until each side becomes golden brown and slightly charred, about 4 minutes per side. Turn, cover the grill and cook for another few minutes until tender. 5.	Remove from the grill and let rest 5 minutes. Cut the thighs directly down the center creating 2 skewers. Remove the chicken from the skewers and serve garnished with scallions and lime wedges.
Bobby's salad combines grilled fingerling potatoes, green beans and feta.
Guava glaze adds just enough sweetness to Bobby's Cuban pulled pork tacos.
Queso sauce, chile relish and pickled onions top flavorful grilled burgers.
Bobby's key to good sangria is to use fresh ingredients and Spanish wine.
Bobby Flay explains how he's going to cook a couple of tri-tip steaks, and how butchers know that tri-tip steak comes from the bottom part of the sirloin, a cut that has a lot of flavor. He seasons the tri-tip steaks with salt,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.219547
Retrieved Text: Isn't the price of your meat expensive?
Will my meat arrive fresh?
How should I conserve my meat?
Will plastic wrap or plastic baggies alter the flavor of the meat?
How should I defrost my meat?
How long will the meat last once it is defrosted?
Do you have any suggestions for preparing meat?
What is the best way to cook steaks?
Meat from grass-fed animals has much more nutrition and is healthier for both man and animals. Read moreDiscover the incredible benefits our meat can offer you.
A grass fed market is a fairly new concept in Europe and is almost inexistent in Italy. We are just beginning and for now our meat comes exclusively from Italy from the mountains near Austria. Soon we will have other grass fed animal products such as lamb and pork (again from Italy). We are searching for grass fed butter which will probably come from Austria. Eventually we hope to add duck, chicken and eggs to our catalog. It's probabile that soon you will also be able to purchase non-animal products from us such as coconut oil and alternative flours like almond flour, flax meal and coconut flour.
Wouldn't it be easier for me to purchase meat locally?
Absolutely! But not by any market standards. Only because we believe that healthy meat, such an important food, should be easily obtainable by everyone if not even subsidized by the state! Instead the foods that are the least healthy (both for us and nature) are often subsidized by governments. We do everything we can to not run up useless costs to be

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.04468
Retrieved Text: It’s surprising how few people have grilled their own lobster.
Lobster is a GREAT thing steamed, but gets kicked up even more with some wood smoke and basil butter.
With the grill warming up to a medium heat (350-400°F), the lobsters need to be prepped. This is the interesting part. The lobsters are moving around, whole, but they need to be not moving and cut down the middle to grill. How will they get that way, you may ask? With a really big, sharp knife, of course.
To get the lobsters ready for the grill, put the point of the knife at the first joint behind the head, with the edge forward toward the eyes. Quickly slice down through the head to start the cut, then turn the lobster around and continue cutting the lobster into equal halves. It should be quick, and a sharp, long knife is essential to doing it right without hurting yourself. Okay, the lobster will not fare as well. Just be careful not to cut yourself because the shell will take some effort to slice through, and it’s important to use a bigger knife that’s as sharp as possible. Or maybe a table saw. (That’s a joke, by the way).
Place the lobsters on the grill with apple or pecan wood smoking, at medium heat, cut side down to start. While the lobsters start to grill, add chopped basil to softened butter (2 tablespoons of butter per lobster, with 2-3 basil leaves stirred into the softened butter). This makes a compound butter, which will sound

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.942137
Retrieved Text: Flatten the steak with a meat tenderizing hammer or a rolling pin (inside a plastic bag) until thin, see photo below.
Cut the steak into 4 long steaks and season generously with garlic salt and fresh ground pepper. Set aside. The steak needs to be at room temperature before grilling.
Grill, peel and seed the Poblano pepper, check out how to do it here. Cut into long strips. Peel onion and cut into thick slices.
Heat a skillet over high heat, add one tablespoon oil and saute onion for a couple of minutes. Incorporate Poblano pepper, season with salt and pepper to taste, and cook until the onion is soft and translucent. Set aside.
Heat a grill, or grill pan, over high heat greased with a tablespoon of oil. Grill steaks approx 2 minutes per side, the steak should be tender and juicy.
Heat the enchilada sauce and tortillas. Take one warm tortilla, submerge in the sauce, place on a plate, fill with queso fresco, roll it up, cover with more sauce and cheese, then repeat until finished with 4 enchiladas.
Heat refried beans and rice.
Place the steak on an oval plate, spread Poblano peppers and onions next to the meat. Add a portion of guacamole and refried beans to one side of the steak. Place the enchiladas and rice on the other.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.787117
Retrieved Text: It’s all about the cut!
Choosing the right cut will determine taste, texture and quality. The best cut you can get from the butcher is Prime choice. It should have some marbling, or fat. The fat helps create a savory flavor within the meat. Be careful not to get a cut with too much marbling however, because too much fat could cause flare up on the grill, thus burning the steak. The size of the cut also matters. The best size steak would be between 1-1 ½ inch thick. For more on picking the right cut, read this article.
The way you season a steak will help navigate the ultimate flavor, according to Shula’s Steak Houses. Seasoning it after it’s grilled will give you the strongest seasoning flavor, but the least tasty meat. If you put seasoning on right before grilling the steak will give you a decent seasoning flavor, but without any intricate meat flavor. The best way to get the most flavor is to season the steak a little while before grilling. You should only use salt and pepper, or if you’re feeling frisky, use some steak seasoning salt. Also, leave the steak out at room temperate for at LEAST 5 minutes before putting it on the grill.
As you’re getting ready to put the meat on the grill, remember, you will want the grill HOT! Preheat your grill longer than you normally would with the lid down. If possible, create 2 different zones: essentially one burner on, and one off. After your grill is done heating

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.647127
Retrieved Text: In Texas, barbecue is about beef: specifically brisket, the cut by which any joint is judged. Brisket has become a favorite of restaurant chefs, too, hence the smoke ribbons and Hank Williams songs drifting out of restaurants as far away as Brooklyn. But can great brisket be made at home? I devoted a weekend to the task and learned that with a few key ingredients— salt, pepper, patience, and advice from Aaron Franklin, my neighbor and the pitmaster at Franklin Barbecue in Austin—swoonworthy results are doable. You just have to take the time—12 smoky hours.
Brisket (from the cow's breast or lower chest) is rich in connective tissue, so it requires a low-and-slow process to relax the muscle into tender goodness—a pleasure that can't be achieved with a quicker method. Luckily, those first unforgettable bites are worth the weekend. So let's get started.
1 Order the brisket You'll have to special-order your brisket ahead of time (the brisket already sold at the meat counter is typically not whole). You should be able to do this at almost any butcher shop or at a grocery store meat counter. Ask for a brisket that is as evenly thick as possible, with the surrounding fat trimmed to 1/4" thick (this protects the meat from drying out while cooking).
2 Season the meat An hour before preparing the grill, place brisket on a rimmed baking sheet. Mix salt and pepper in a small bowl and season the meat all over (it should look like sand stuck to wet skin but without being cakey).

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.60334
Retrieved Text: Carving, however, can be the trickiest part of cooking a leg of lamb. We prefer bone-in leg of lamb for flavor, and carving around that bone can feel a little intimidating. We prefer bone-in leg of lamb for flavor, and carving around that bone can feel a little intimidating. how to restore cut files in windows 8 Cooking Australian Lamb Aussie Lamb is available to North American customers in a wide array of product lines and cuts, each suited to different cooking techniques and recipes. For instance, chops and t-bones are ace on the grill, while legs and shanks are best with a slow braise.
Cooking Australian Lamb Aussie Lamb is available to North American customers in a wide array of product lines and cuts, each suited to different cooking techniques and recipes. For instance, chops and t-bones are ace on the grill, while legs and shanks are best with a slow braise.
10/12/2009 · Place your cooked lamb leg on a platter, and let it rest for 15-30 minutes before cutting into it. This will allow the juices to re-flow into the meat, making it properly moist, juicy, and flavorful. This will allow the juices to re-flow into the meat, making it properly moist, juicy, and flavorful.
19/11/2018 · Cut the lamb leg from the top to bottom, parallel to the bone. As you slice downwards, keep the knife close to the bone to gain the most meat from the leg. As you slice downwards, keep the knife close to the bone to gain the most meat from

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.480555
Retrieved Text: Grilling is a lot of fun. The taste of the food mixed with all of the juices and marinates coming right off of a grill is an exhilarating sensation. Grilling is also a great way to cook healthy and stay say well. The experience in and of itself can be refreshing and bring about some sense of nostalgia to the excellent summer days with family or friends. Luckily summer is on the way and we can once again enjoy those great warm refreshing days. If you’re looking to better your skills on the grill here are five excellent tips for you.
Charcoal grills are renowned for providing a rich smoky flavor to your food. They may require a little bit more effort to use but you will certainly notice the benefits. If you decide to use a charcoal grill make sure that you use additive-free charcoal and a chimney starter. Don’t even think about using lighter fluid.
Keeping your grill clean provides better taste and texture to your food and keeps your food from sticking. It also lengthens the life of your grill, especially if you use a gas grill. Make sure you give you grill a good brush before and after each use while the grill is heating up and cooling down. Every once and a while it is a good idea to give your grill a real good thorough scrub down, but make sure your grill is cool and unplugged from an fuel source.
Use a no-stick grilling spray that keeps your food from sticking to the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.461704
Retrieved Text: How to Barbecue Baby-Back Ribs. Baby-back ribs are the perfect type of ribs for the backyard grill because they can be cooked over hot, direct heat along with the burgers and steaks. However, to get the most tender meat you should grill them slowly like you do with other types of ribs. One rack of baby-back ribs will feed two people, or one hungry one.
Prepare your grill fire. Baby-back ribs cook best when there are both hot and medium-low sections of the grill.
Make sure the ribs are at or fairly close to room temperature, but don't leave them out of the refrigerator for more than about an hour. For best flavor you should let the ribs marinate at least a few hours prior to cooking.
Mix in some soaked wood with the charcoal to create more smoke.
Place the ribs on the grill but don't put them directly over high heat. They're supposed to cook slowly for a couple of hours from the smoke and heat inside the grill.
Turn them often as they cook.
Note that the ribs will take about 2 to 2 1/2 hours to cook.
Start brushing on extra sauce about 30 minutes before they're done if.
Near the end of the estimated cooking time, use a knife to cut away one bone from the meat to check for doneness. Or use an instant-read thermometer; the meat is done when the internal temperature reaches 155 degrees F. For both doneness tests, be sure to check in the thickest part of the rack.
It's best to brush most barbecue sauces

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.461077
Retrieved Text: Tidy and beautiful lamb cheeseburgers you never tasted before, feat. the unusual patties made from fresh lamb meat using special mince technique. Salty and sweet flavor adds awanton notes to these tiny cheeseburgersin addition to the interesting filling made from pickles and wasp honey. It is that ULTIMATE dish you have to try! Foodporn & ASMR as always included!
Slice and then chop till mince consistency 500g of lamb cut.
Salt & pepper the meat well, then mix it with 1 tsp. of curcuma.
Form a ball. Leave to rest for a while.
Cut few tomatoes and 1 cup of pickles into round slices.
Chop few sticks of fresh sage.
Transfer the sliced pickles and chopped sage into the cup where we held pickles, there should be a juice left after the pickles. Add 1 tbsp. of honey and mix everything well!
Preheat the special round grill.
Grease the cutting board with oil to prevent meat from sticking to it.
Take out the meat ball, divide into 3 minor balls.
Grill the lamb patties until ready, don’t forget to flip! When patties are almost ready place the cheese squares on each, let it melt a little.
Cut in half 3 fresh buns, place it on grill to warm up.
Grill 30g of cured meat, do not overextend it.
Cut the avocado in half, remove the seed. Take a slice and remove the skin.
Build all cheeseburgers in the following sequence: bun, some avocado meat, patty with melted cheese, tomato rounds, cured meat, pickles in honey with sage, cover with the bun and pierce the cheeseburger with a stick.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.444447
Retrieved Text: We have brought a few goat meat dishes to the farmers market for sampling. We promised to post the ingredients from some of our dishes so here they are.
Mix and simmer all ingredients except the soy and butter. Simmer for 30 minutes. Add butter and soy sauce and simmer additional 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Saute onions in 1 tablespoon of olive oil until transparent. Mix all other ingredients and add onions. Roll ground goat meat mixture into small sized meatballs to a size of your liking and put onto a lightly oiled cookie sheet. Place in the oven uncovered for about 10-15 minutes (till lightly browned). Remove from the oven and serve with your favorite pasta or on a roll with your favorite red sauce and shredded cheese.
For this recipe we used a boneless rolled leg cut into strips and we used River Valley Market Co-op teriyaki sauce for the marinade. While it was still partially frozen we cut the meat into strips (dont cut them too small otherwise they fall in the grill grates). We then placed all the strips in an airtight container and generously poured the teriyaki sauce on it. We sealed it up and put it in the fridge overnight. Next day remove the meat at least 1/2 hour prior to cooking to let the meat come up to room temperature. Fire up the grill on medium heat. You can add the strips onto wooden skewers if its easier- soak the wooden skewers in water for at least 30 minutes

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.436085
Retrieved Text: If you have ever wondered how to cook Alaskan King Crab Legs on the grill, this simple approach makes it less scary and a great idea for a special occasion meal, especially when you get to dip the rich, wonderful crab meat in an easy, simple lemon garlic butter sauce!
Preheat grill to around 300 to 350 degrees F. Brush the crab legs with olive oil to prevent sticking.
Place crab legs on the grill for 4-5 minutes, then flip and cook for another 4-5 minutes on the other side until the meat is hot all the way through.
Remove the crab legs from the grill and cut open using kitchen shears.
Serve with the melted butter mixed with the garlic and lemon juice for dipping.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.374481
Retrieved Text: With temperatures finally warm enough to enjoy an evening grill out, area residents have dusted off their Webers, Charbroils, and Coleman’s in preparation of the first steak of the season.
Living in an area where beef is the king of meat, a steak, grilled to perfection can be viewed as the ultimate component of a great Saturday night meal.
Grill masters have their favorite cuts, according to Chris Lang of West Side Meats. The cut selection can depend on taste, method of cooking (high heat or low and slow) and heat source (charcoal vs. gas).
Lang said people have differing cut preferences, but several cuts are great for grilling including New York strips, T-bones and porterhouse cuts.
Along with the cut of meat, preparation is an important aspect of the grilling process. There are so many schools of thought on what it takes to prepare a perfectly grilled steak. From whether or not to bring the meat to room temperature before cooking or whether marinade or dry rub is the best method of preparation, there are many opinions.
Rubs are very popular now and can be the perfect addition to enhance the flavor of the meat without overpowering a great steak cut.
There are two varieties of rubs— dry and wet. Dry rubs use dry herbs and spices, and wet rubs use spices plus a wet ingredient. Both are applied to the surface of the meat.
Rubs are a quick and easy way to add to the flavor of beef, chicken or pork. Different ingredients pair well with different meats and are easy

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.328405
Retrieved Text: Novel Treasure is a big beef enthusiast who loves cooking all the different cuts of steak.
Figuring out the different cuts of beef on a cow and the best way to cook each is a daunting challenge for anyone. With so many different cuts and cooking styles, there are plenty of options for you to choose from depending on what you want.
Some cuts of beef can work fine on a grill, while others taste best when slow-cooked for hours. In this article, I go over the different cuts of beef and how to best cook each for maximum tenderness.
The different retail cuts of beef.
Chuck: Cut from the shoulder; tough but flavorful.
Shank: Cut from the leg; very tough and chewy.
Brisket: Cut from the breast; tough if not cooked properly.
Rib: Cut from the rib area; very tender and flavorful.
Short plate: Cut from the belly of the cow; chewy and quite tough.
Flank: Cut from the abdominal muscles of the cow; one of the toughest cuts.
Loin: Cut from the back of the cow above the ribs; one of the tenderest cuts.
Sirloin: Cut from the back of the cow just past the loin; pretty tender and flavorful.
The round: Cut from the back of the cow above the back legs; chewy and tough.
Many people find the less common types of meat to be less desirable when it comes to taste and texture. For example, many people do not like the texture or the taste of beef liver so they make sure to never buy it at the store despite its high level of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.307793
Retrieved Text: Prepare a baking dish and combine the following ingredients: oregano (2 tsp.), cheese (1/3 cup), zest (1/2 tsp.), yogurt (8 oz.), salt (1/2 tsp.), lemon juice (2 tbsp.), rosemary (1/4 tsp.), and ground black pepper (1/4 tsp.). Cut the chicken meat into 1-in. pieces and place them in the dish with the other ingredients. Cover the kitchen appliance and place in the fridge to marinate for around 3 h.
Preheat your outdoor grill over high heat.
Cut green bell pepper into medium pieces and the onion into medium wedges. Prepare skewers for threading the following ingredients: the meat, onion, and bell pepper. Place them on your grill. The remaining mixture should be discarded.
Grill the ingredients until the no pink meat remains.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.294455
Retrieved Text: Sirloin roast is a cut of beef taken from the cow’s hind portion. It is one of the thickest, most affordable cuts of beef, but it contains a large amount of muscle. Muscular cuts of meat have connective tissues that make the meat tough and chewy. A tender sirloin roast requires a long cooking time so the connective tissues can dissolve. Grilling can add more flavor to this lean cut of meat, but it is key that you don’t use a high temperature or else the meat’s juices will dry up.
Coat each side of the sirloin roast evenly with salt and pepper. Set your grill to a medium heat.
Place the sirloin roast directly onto the grill. Heat for about two minutes per each surface side--approximately 10 minutes total--or until the entire outside of the roast is lightly browned. Hold the roast in place with tongs while it heats if it won’t stay in place due to its irregular shape.
Place the browned sirloin roast into the center of a 13 inch by 9 inch disposable aluminum roasting pan. Wrap the pan lightly with aluminum foil and add the entire pan onto the center of the grill.
Heat the covered sirloin roast on the grill for about three hours, then check it. Use a fork to slice through the meat to determine if it’s done and add it back to the grill for another 30 minutes if not. Remove the pan from the grill once the meat easily shreds with a fork.
Stick an instant-read meat thermometer directly into the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.105688
Retrieved Text: When I grill a steak, how can I make sure it’s not tough? Also, I just got a meat smoker as a gift. What cuts of beef would be best for the smoker?
Nothing is worse than grilling a steak, enjoying the aroma as it cooks, and then barely being able to cut through it with your best steak knife. The issue probably isn’t your skill on the grill. It’s most likely a bad match of cooking method and cut of beef.
Lean cuts of beef — those with little marbling and external fat — are better suited to slow cooking methods, such as smoking. Slow cooking allows connective tissue and muscle fibers to break down. The process tenderizes what otherwise would be a tough chew. Those cuts are from the parts of the animal that work the hardest, the muscles used for walking and locomotion, which have little fat and the most connective tissue. Generally, those cuts are the round, which is at the hindquarters of the animal, and the chuck and brisket, which are at the front of the animal, from the shoulders to the chest.
In between the round and the chuck are the “middle meats,” which are best for grilling. They tend to have a lot of marbling, which is the little white flecks of fat throughout a piece of meat. Generally, the more marbling in the meat, the more palatable it will be — flavorful, tender and juicy. The rib and short loin tend to have the most marbling. The sirloin, which offers lean,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.098343
Retrieved Text: Season ribs with salt, pepper, granulated onion powder and granulated garlic powder.
Lay ribs meat-side down on a baking sheet with an elevated edge. Add one cup of water and cover the sheet pan completely in aluminum foil.
Bake in 325-degree oven for approx. 2 1/2 hours or until meat is tender enough to be pulled from the bone.
Chill the baby back ribs in the refrigerator for about one hour so that the meat doesn't fall apart.
Apply canola oil to grill grates and heat to medium-high.
Place ribs on grill meat-side up and baste with BBQ sauce.
Grill for approx. 3 minutes.
Flip so meat-side is down, and grill for 3 minutes. Apply BBQ sauce to the back of the ribs.
Grill ribs until BBQ sauce has started to caramelize and meat has started to get crisp edges.
Let ribs rest for 5 minutes, then brush with BBQ sauce before cutting them into 1-and 2-bone pieces.
Serve with remaining BBQ sauce on the side for dipping.
You can find prepared and cut racks of ribs at your local butcher or grocery store. If you have a full rack of ribs, we suggest you cut them in half if you're cooking in an oven in your home kitchen or on a standard gas grill.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.077698
Retrieved Text: While a whole roasted turkey is an impressive sight, so is a well-arranged platter of sliced meat -- and carving the bird before placing it on the table will make serving easier.
Before carving the turkey, let it stand at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes to allow the juices to saturate the meat; then transfer the turkey from the roasting pan or presentation platter to a carving board (use layers of paper towels or two clean kitchen towels to protect your hands from the heat). The best way to hold the turkey steady is to use your hand -- a carving fork doesn't provide the same grip and will pierce and tear the flesh.
Next, cut through the trussing with scissors, taking care to remove all of the string.
Remove the drumsticks first. Place the knife against the thigh, and cut down to expose the leg's second joint.
Apply pressure at the joint with the knifepoint; twist the knife, and cut through to sever the drumstick. Repeat with the other drumstick.
Slice open the neck cavity with an oval incision that allows you to remove the stuffing while leaving the skin intact.
Use a long-handled spoon to scoop out the stuffing from the body cavity; transfer it to a serving bowl.
Slice the thigh meat from the bone (the dark meat should be tender from resting in the juices).
Place the knife horizontally at the bottom curve of the bird's breast, and slice in toward the rib cage to create a "guide cut." Then make a slice from the top down alongside

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.037226
Retrieved Text: In researching recipes for barbecued brisket, we found that cooks could agree on one thing: slow-cooking (for up to 12 hours) to tenderize the meat. We wanted to figure out a way to make cooking this cut of meat less daunting and less time-consuming, and we wanted to trade in a professional smoker for a backyard grill.
We brined the brisket to season it throughout and to make sure the meat remained juicy even after hours on the grill. In our tests, we had trouble figuring out how to maintain a low temperature in the grill without frequently refueling. But then we realized that fire can burn down as well as up. We layered unlit briquettes on the bottom of our grill and added hot coals on top for a fire that burned consistently in the optimal 300 F range for about 3 hours. We then transferred the brisket to the oven to finish cooking.
If your brisket is smaller than 5 pounds or the fat cap has been removed, or if you are using a small charcoal grill, it may be necessary to build an aluminum foil shield in order to keep the brisket from becoming too dark. To do this, make two 1/2-inch folds on the long side of an 18-by-20-inch piece of heavy-duty aluminum foil to form a reinforced edge. Place the foil on the center of the cooking grate, with the reinforced edge over the hotter side of the grill. Position the brisket fat side down over the cooler side of the grill so

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.02624
Retrieved Text: 1. Cut the lobsters in half lengthways starting from the head. Discard the intestinal vein and the head sac. Scoop out the tomalley and any coral, and reserve for use in a soup or sauce. Crack the claws.
2. Combine the remaining ingredients in a bowl.
3. Heat a ridged stovetop grill pan. Preheat the grill in the oven.
4. Place the lobsters shell side down on the stovetop grill. Grill for 5 minutes. Flip them over and grill the meat side for approximately 4 minutes.
5. Place shell side down in a heat-proof shallow dish or grill pan. Spread the gratin mix over the meat side.
6. Place under the preheated grill, and grill for 2 minutes or until beginning to colour.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.01771
Retrieved Text: Put the chopped onion, ginger , garlic, and 4 tablespoons of the lemon juice in the container of the electric blender, and blend at high speed to get a smooth paste (about 1 minute). In a bowl or pot with nonmetallic lining large enough to hold the meat, put the paste from the blender and all the other ingredients except the meats and the onion is to be used for garnishing later. Mix well. Carefully cut off all fat and tissue from the meat, and with the point of a knife make lots of in it into 2 pieces, if there is not room. Make a few more jabs with the knife, and be sure the paste gets rubbed into the meat and goes way inside the gashes. Cover the container and leave refrigerated for 24 hours. Turn the meat over at least 3 or 4 times during this period. The meat is now ready for grilling. But before you start, get your garnishes ready. Peel the second onion and slice it into very fine rounds (paper thin if possible). Separate the rounds into rings and put them into a bowl of ice water, cover, and refrigerate. Cut off the stems, leaves, and tips from the radishes and then cut them into flowers. (Starting from the tip end, start cutting into halves, but stop short as you reach the stem end. Next, cut into quarters and eights the same way.) Put into a small bowl of ice water, cover and refrigerate. It will look prettier if

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.013165
Retrieved Text: It doesn't matter how you spell it "barbecue", "barbeque", "Bar-B-Que" or "BBQ". It all tastes great to the true "BBQ" lover.
The best outdoor cooking tip anyone can give you, is to just start grilling. You will learn the most about grilling from experimentation and swapping tips with your friends and neighbors.
While you're here, we'd like to share some tips and techniques we've acquired over the years.
To ensure thoroughly cooked, yet moist, pork ribs, try boiling them first (generally about 15 - 20 minutes). After boiling place them on the grill and liberally baste with your favorite sauce. Allow to cook on the grill long enough for the sauce and the flavor of the grill to come through.
If you don't have a smoker... Your local store probably carries wood chips specially prepared for grilling. Follow the simple directions for use to help achieve that great smoked taste.
If you don't wear a watch, keep a small portable clock or timer near the grill. Overcooking your meat dries it out and reduces it's flavor, plus it doesn't make for a tasty diet . On the other hand, don't under cook your foods. Raw meats carry bacteria that may make you ill when ingested.
When B-B-Qing chicken with a tomato based sauce, grill the chicken without the sauce until it is halfway cooked, then baste (using the BBQ Buddy) with sauce. This keeps the sauce from burning onto the chicken and ensures maximum flavor.
Quick and easy marinades: In a large plastic freezer bag, place 1/2 cup teriyaki sauce, one teaspoon of

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: Sentence: What alcohol do you pour for a mojito?

Choice 1: Fill the glass with ice cubes so it’s half full. Pour in 2 shots of white rum & 1-2 shots of freshly squeezed orange juice.

Choice 2: Fill the glass with ice cubes so it’s all full. Pour in 2 shots of white rum & 1-2 shots of freshly squeezed orange juice.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.23846
Retrieved Text: The classic mojito flavours of fresh mint and sugar. Mix with your favourite rum to create a refreshingly cool alcoholic slush cocktail. An icy twist to a true Cuban classic! Each 5 litre bottle can make 110 regular 300ml Slush drinks, delivering immediate profits.
The classic mojito flavours of fresh mint and sugar. Mix with your favourite rum to create a refreshingly cool slush cocktail. An icy twist to a true Cuban classic.
There are two ways to make your frozen slush cocktail: You can either add the alcohol into the slush machine along with the slush mix so it’s ready to pour, or you can just use the slush machine to make slush. Once you have served it into a glass, then pour over your chosen spirit. Add fruit juices or purees to make a wide range of amazing tasty frozen cocktails.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.190178
Retrieved Text: Toast summer farewell with a mojito cocktail. This is a fantastic rum based lime-ade mixed with mint leaves that is very refreshing (with alcohol or without). Its a great mixed cocktail for parties which can also be made ahead of time in pitchers. Cheers!
Place mint leaves, lime wedges and sugar into a sturdy glass. Use a muddler, pestle (or end of a long rolling pin if you have neither) to crush the mint and lime to release the mint oils and lime juice. Fill the glass almost to the top with ice. Pour in the rum and then fill the glass with soda water and stir. This makes a delicious summertime drink with or without alcohol.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.470312
Retrieved Text: TRY THE CAPTAIN'S TWIST ON THE MOJITO — USING WHITE RUM, SIMPLE SYRUP, MINT LEAVES, LIME WEDGES, CLUB SODA, AND A MINT SPRIG. CHECK OUT MORE CAPTAIN MORGAN DRINK RECIPES.
1. MUDDLE THE LIME, MINT LEAVES AND SIMPLE SYRUP IN A SHAKER.
2. ADD CAPTAIN MORGAN WHITE RUM AND FILL WITH ICE.
4. POUR INTO A GLASS AND TOP WITH CLUB SODA.
5. ADD MINT SPRIG FOR GARNISH.
AND REMEMBER KIDS - NO 18 NO ALCOHOL!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.953989
Retrieved Text: A tasty Pina colada cocktail flavour in a Humbug...... Shaped to get your tongue around!... Bursting with flavour!!!.... Do not contain alcohol... Sorry!!
A cocktail mixture in one jar!!! A selection of Strawberry Daiquiri, Pina Colada, Mojito and Cosmopolitan cocktail flavours in a super Humbug shapes... Shaped to get your tongue around!... Bursting with flavour!!!.... Do not contain alcohol... Sorry!!
A Mojito cocktail flavour in a Humbug...... Shaped to get your tongue around!... Bursting with flavour!!!.... Do not contain alcohol... Sorry!!
A Strawberry Daiquiri cocktail flavour in a Humbug...... Shaped to get your tongue around!... Bursting with flavour!!!.... Do not contain alcohol... Sorry!!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.878672
Retrieved Text: Celebrate with two free cocktails!
We’d like to thank you all for your valued custom as we celebrate our 10th anniversary.
The Alcohol-Free Shop was launched a decade ago in a 100 sq ft self-storage unit with only a belief that John was not alone in seeking alternatives to alcohol.
Thanks to our loyal customers, The Alcohol-Free Shop has grown every year to become the UK’s leading alcohol-free drinks specialist.
We’re proud to now have our own warehouse, a physical shop in Manchester, and employ a team of staff.
We are thanking all our customers who order until the end of June with two free cans of Shatler’s ready-to-serve cocktail!
We’re delighted to be stocking these incredible drinks and want you all to have the chance ​to try them! Don’t forget to serve them over crushed ice – it’s important for dilution – not just to chill!
We look forward to the next 10 years with continued growth as we satisfy the thirst for choice!
You’ll need your glasses for this offer!
Try our Shatler’s ready-to-serve cocktails, and we’ll give you a free cocktail glass to enjoy them at their best.
This new non-alcoholic cocktail comes in five mouth-watering varieties including two tasty options for those who prefer a less-sweet, more-sour flavour.
Sassy San Francisco combines grapefruit, pineapple and orange with lemon and grenadine and is a hit with men and women alike.
The stimulating Wake Up, inspired by the well-known Mai Tai cocktail, blends lemon, almond, passion fruit and orange to tingle your tastebuds with a tangy, sour taste.
Our refreshing Virgin Mojito, and Virgin Colada are just

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.51364
Retrieved Text: A tropical twist on a classic mojito, this Pineapple Mojito Green Smoothie is packed full of fresh fruits and veggies with a refreshing mint flavor. You’re going to want to start everyday with this healthy smoothie recipe!
A part of me feared that it would seem as though I was cheating on my beloved wine by posting this Pineapple Mojito Green Smoothie recipe. And then I remembered that there was no alcohol in this bevy so perhaps I had found a loop hole?
But then I kind of wanted to add a shot of vodka…except it was 1:00 PM on a Tuesday when I photographed it. Though to be fair, that hasn’t stopped me in the past.
When it comes to alcohol, you all know that wine is my weakness. Do I drink it everyday? No. Would I like to? Perhaps. But for as much as I love my wine, it isn’t necessary that I drink it everyday. I reserve that vice for coffee.
Even though I rarely drink any kind of alcohol besides wine, I can always make an exception for a mojito. Beer and I are not friends, and in general my hard-alcohol days died a sad death in college. But on a hot summer day, there is nothing like a mojito to hit the spot.
I’ll never forget when I was backpacking across Europe with my friend Zan and after another long tourist day in Paris, we stumbled upon a bar with the BEST mojitos. To be honest, it’s hard to say if they were actually the best

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.430872
Retrieved Text: Holi, the festival of colors is all here! Cool yourself down with these colorful refreshing drinks. Apart from relishing Thandai, here's five more options for you which are as colorful as gulaal! Red - Strawberry Sharbat. Green - Kiwi Mojito. Purplish - Black Grape Soda. Orange - Orange Mocktail. Yellow - Mango Smoothie. Easy. Simple, Refreshing. Energetic, No-Alcohol.
So what are you waiting for, Make these recipes and Enjoy Holi through food as well! Happy Holi, Play Safe, Use Organic Colors(or maybe just make these colorful recipes and serve your guests and celebrate a No-Pollution Environment Friendly Holi) :) And being without alcohol or bhaang, it is great for kids as well.
1. Muddle kiwi, mint and lemon wedges together.
2. Transfer half the mixture into a serving glass.
3. Add crushed ice and mint leaves.
4. Top with sparkling water and serve.
1. Add chopped berries to a pan along with sugar, lemon juice and water.
2. Stir and bring it to boil. Cook until thick.
3. Check for syrupy consistency and then pass it through a sieve.
4. Take crushed ice in a glass. Pour some strawberry syrup on top. Fill the glass with water.
5. Top it with sabja seeds and serve.
1. Take some black grape juice in a glass, add some lemon juice, sugar syrup, cumin powder and black salt into a glass.
2. Drop in some frozen grapes.
3. Top with sparkling water and serve.
1. Take orange juice in a glass. Add some lemon juice and black salt to it followed by sugar syrup.
2. Add some crushed ice.
1. Take yogurt, mango puree, powdered

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.35199
Retrieved Text: When spring and summer comes, it is the right time to enjoy many fresh drinks to lighten up your days and to cool down your body from the heat outside. If you are fond of lighter alcoholic beverages, you may already have some recipes under your sleeves. In today Mojito vs Caipirinha article, we are going to give you information regarding these two similarly fresh drinks, you may want to try next time. If one/both of them took your interest, go check our article below.
Mojito is probably one of the most well-known cocktails that have been invented this far. The drink is also have the non-alcohol variant that can be enjoyed by people from all ages. It is said that the drink is the bartenders love to hate because of how much time needed to make it and how hard it is to clean the mess but is ordered in a quantities far too large by drinkers. It probably will remains popular for a few next decades simply for the fact that it is indeed a very good drink.
Your first mojito may be made by a bartender in a bar or similar establishment but you can make it yourself at home if you want for the ingredients are not that complicated. We are taking a recipe from bbcgoodfood, if you want to try making it yourself. First, prepare all the needed ingredients like juice from 1 lime, 1 tsp granulated sugar, a small handful mint leaves, 60 ml white rum, and soda water to taste.
To make

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.942915
Retrieved Text: This year we had ugly May in Poland. It was super cold, dark and gloomy. Yikes! My favourite month was really disappointing. June has just started but from the first day we got a heat wave, hight temperatures, lots of sun. Summer written with capital S. Gaba passed her exams with amazing score(99% baby!) and got into the school she wanted. All the pressure is gone now and we can indulge into summer. When we were wandering through Barcelona last month we got crazy about strawberry mojito drink we had in one of the bars(she drank the one without alcohol of course). So I decided to put our memory into a popsicle. The recipe is for a non alcoholic one, but feel free to add some rum into the mixture and make yourself an adult popsicle.
I know you will ask what mold do I recommend- My absolute fav is this one from Amazon I’ve had it for a year now and still love the classic shape. It’s very sturdy and there is no problem with taking the pops out. So highly recommended!
First of all- simple syrup is sugar heated with water in the ratio 1:1. I usually make a bigger batch and keep it in the fridge. I pour sugar and water into a pan and heat it until it starts to boil. Get it off the heat and put mint(only leaves) in. Let steep for 10-15 minutes. Discard the leaves. Leave to cool. Put strawberries, lime juice, simple syrup in a blender and mix until

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.84696
Retrieved Text: We go around the world with 8 drinks that are representative of different countries. Maybe you already tried all the drinks that we have on the list (or not). The important thing is that this trip promises to take your palate to new latitudes. Distrita makes sure that You will move all of your guests once you have followed this Mojito Super Easy Recipe guide. Check also other amazing Distrita Recipes delivered Straight from Tabasco in Mexico here!
If you have not tried it yet, what do you expect? Here we tell you how to prepare them to impress your friends.
Fresh and refreshing The mojito is ideal for sunny and hot days everywhere in the world. This recipe increases the standard of the classic Cuban cocktail by mixing one of the best rums in the world with mint, muscovy sugar and lemon juice. It will flip your Guests upside down!
Now you are ready for the most ultimate Mojito drinking party ever. Just consume alcohol with causion. Too much is not good, but that’s a nice rule for everything that you and I eat and drink. Don’t eat the very same food and drinks everyday. Try to mix every week with something unique and Mojito is a perfect drink for the weekend or a hot day during the summer. Its refreshing and delicious. Now you will impress many out there!
Russian Delicious fast food Everywhere?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.786804
Retrieved Text: Cool and refreshing is what our delicious Mojito cocktail flavour tastes like. Simply add alcohol to make some delicious frozen cocktails!
Mojito cool and refreshing flavour is one that will make you come back for more and more. this is because we have spent years developing this delicious flavour to ensure that the taste remains of the highest standard. This means that we only use the finest quality ingredients and british made sugar and every batch is made in a professional manufacturing facility. We do this to not only ensure that customers come back for more but to also make sure that no damage is caused to your profitable slush machine which can often be caused by cheap syrup from local cash & carry's.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.730762
Retrieved Text: Sometimes we feel like being sociable or heading to the pub to watch a football game but we do not always want to drink alcohol or perhaps we cannot or choose not to for whatever reason.
Going to pub and not drinking alcohol often ends up being an expensive and somewhat disappointing experience. Being bombarded by nothing more than the choice of a few soft drinks on tap or a tiny amount of orange juice for three times the price of a carton.
Funkin Cocktails have got their mixers into a variety of pubs and establishments which suddenly means that cocktails and mocktails are able to hit the menu and give a bit more choice. But you can also get the mixers for home use helping to take away the stress of precise measurements and getting a huge array of products in to whip something up.
The packaging really makes the mixers appealing as the colours are so vibrant and make it feel fresh, fun, fruity and lively. They are easy to store as they do not need to hit the fridge until they are open and there is a little space for you to write the date it was opened to keep track of when it should be used by.
Because of a variety of medication I am unable to drink alcohol but sometimes I want a drink whilst watching football or a film or wanting to enjoy the sunshine in the garden for an hour. These mixers have been an absolute lifesaver as there is nothing fun about

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.438904
Retrieved Text: Can you believe this is my first cocktail recipe? What? I know, me either. One of my favorite all-time cocktails is a mojito, but it’s really hard to find a great one. The best one I’ve had so far is at the Banana Cafe in Washington, D.C. B.O.B. Bob and I have gone out of our way to go there just for the drinks alone, although their food is almost as amazing. If you visit, order a pitcher of mojitos, instead of ordering by the glass. I know the price seems extremely steep, but you’ll drink the whole pitcher before you know it, and you’ll most likely decide to order another one after the first, because their mojitos are just that freaking amazing!
I decided to make a pineapple version of the classic rum cocktail, after seeing Jelly Toast’s Pineapple Mojito recipe. I couldn’t stop thinking of this drink the entire day, and headed straight to the market after work to pick up pineapple, limes, and club soda. I just had to have it right away. I’m not going to say this is the best mojito I’ve ever had, because it’s not. B.O.B. Bob and I spent about a half an hour in the kitchen adding a little more pineapple, a little more mint, a lot more sugar, and of course a lot more rum, because if you’re going to have a cocktail you want to taste the alcohol in it. After all of the tweaking, we finally had something worth drinking, but I’m still ready for

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.279568
Retrieved Text: These refreshing popsicles are filled with the classic mojito ingredients: mint, rum, lime, sugar and club soda. I was curious to see how the carbonation in the club soda would freeze, but I couldn’t really tell a difference in the popsicles. You could probably use plain water instead and I bet it would be similar. Enjoy by the pool for optimal results!
In a glass, muddle mint leaves (if you don’t have a muddler, mash with the handle of a wooden spoon, breaking them up into little pieces). Juice the limes and add to mint. Pour into a bowl or pitcher and add rum and simple syrup to taste. Add club soda on top of everything and slowly stir to combine. Pour into popsicle molds and freeze for several hours.
Zomg! You have the same rocket popsicle molds we do!! I love those things!
I made kombucha popsicles earlier this week and then it got too cool to really eat them. Or maybe I just need to get home earlier. I am disappointed that the carbonation doesn’t translate!
@Danica – I love the rocket mold too! Kombucha popsicles sound interesting. Tell me how you like them.
I can see why these got a lot of responses! Mojitos are so, so tasty, and the idea of having them as a popsicle sounds delightful!
@Katie – thanks! They’re definitely perfect for a hot summer day.
I think a mojito is one of the most refreshing drinks to begin with – but in popsicle form!? Wow! That’s a winner!
@Katrina – I loved your cherry limeade popsicles!
Yum!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.06332
Retrieved Text: If you love cocktail Mojito and you can’t stop drink it, we suggest you to great a bigger drink – Mojito Cocktail in a jar. Yes, that’s right. The perfect solution for all Mojito lovers.
Put the brown sugar, mint leaves and the lime wedges into the jar. Muddle everything until release the lime juice. Add some crushed ice and pour the light rum. Then fill the glass with soda water or Sprite. Decorate your cocktail with 2-3 mint leaves on the top.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.00088
Retrieved Text: Absinthe is typically the alcohol found in which of these cocktails?
The Ti Punch is a popular drink in the French Caribbean islands. What's in it?
White rum, mint leaves, ice, carbonated water & sugar (or sugar syrup) form which popular Cuban cocktail?
Vodka, Gin, Tequila, Rum & Triple Sec combine to make which very potent cocktail?
Brazil's national cocktail is the Caipirinha, which has similar ingredients to the Mojito. But what alcohol's in the Caipirinha?
What ingredients do you add to whiskey, gin, or rum cocktails to make them "sour"?
What kind of alcohol goes into a Shirley Temple?
The Hurricane cocktail is associated with which tropical-storm prone city?
How does "Pina Colada" roughly translate into English?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.405901
Retrieved Text: Traditionally, a Mojito is a combination of five ingredients: white rum, sugar, lime juice, mint, and soda water. Those are great! If you can find a bartender who can make a perfect Mojito, you’ve found a friend.
Today just so happens to be National Mojito Day! Oh yeah! I’m celebrating with something a little different, a Kiwi Cardamon Mojito! Trust me, you want one! The Cardamon plays very well with sweetness of the kiwi. Giving you a very unique sipping experience. Shout out to Mom for providing this beautiful mint that is currently flourishing in her garden!
1. Muddle above ingredients in shaker.
2. Add 1/2 cup ice and 2 oz white rum.
4. Strain and pour into glass filled with ice.
5. Top with soda water.
Garnish with mint leaves and kiwi slices.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.373934
Retrieved Text: When you muddle the lime microwave for about seconds, stir. You should be able to get a faint whiff of herb. I am leaving for Aruba next week and that is cucumber slices and muddle as. It will be a Mojito. Basil Tonics Basil Tonics Recipe a serving Miami Vice posted my drink for the time. Delightful posted by Danforth Forthright IV Sparkling Elderflower Lemonade Sparkling and tonic water are all sparkling lemonade as the perfect, thirst-quenching cocktail for a summer. Mojito Cooler Mojito Cooler Recipe Five ingredients are just a Elderflower Lemonade Recipe Serve this are all that stand between you and this refreshing classic.
Brazilian mojito posted by Ivan Cook 5-star weekday dinners every soda in any Mojito recipe. I also tried this drink up with tablespoon of chopped few months ago and agree along with the mint strawberries, drink very hot. I prefer a dash of mint taste with the mix of the lime. I love the hints of that you have on hand be cut back a bit. We plan on using it and kept topping up recipe how it goes. First time posted by susan for the first time a and chives, this drink received the highest rating from Southern drink!!. Super easy and delicious. Cuiban Bartender posted by jonarmor kirkpatrick The missing element posted by marcovino Passion Fruit Mojito Bring to a boil and Living 's test kitchen. Used a VERY tall glass Seasoned with fresh basil, cilantro, put about 70ml of rum I love love looooooooooove this. Mojito or Sexito

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.149961
Retrieved Text: I have never met anyone that doesn’t enjoy a good slice of watermelon. My family loves it and waits for it to come into season every year. I am always on the look out for a new fresh watermelon recipe and this one is ideal! This is a perfect treat for sitting on the porch with friends! It’s easy to make and refreshing. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do!
Using a wooden muddler (or your fingers) push down on mint and continue to press out flavor. Add to blender. Note: I recommend using NutriBullet, but any blender will work fine.
Add watermelon and frozen blackberries to blender.
If you have a jigger, use to measure rum and mojito mix. Otherwise, use typical measuring tools. Add rum and mojito mix to blend.
Blend for approximately 60 to 90 seconds.
Do not strain. Pour into glass.
Garnish with fresh mint, sliced watermelon, and whole blackberry.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.111313
Retrieved Text: Happy Humpday! I'm switching things up a bit today on the blog so feel free to let me know whether you like it, don't like it, couldn't care either way; I just figured I'd try something new and share with you guys a little of what I'm doing when I'm out of the office for work, especially since it seems to be more and more frequently. I have to admit, I LOVE my job. I spent many years bored, unfulfilled and just downright unhappy at my previous job so it's such a refreshing change of pace to be challenged and get to participate in such an amazing company and fun projects. Before coming here I'd had never participated in a photo shoot and I wasn't really much of a mixologist but I've really gotten to step out of my comfort zone and do a lot in both of these aspects and I'm so happy I have!
Last week when I was out for three days I got to work with a mixologist (and flare bartender) and learn how to make some tasty cocktails at home so today I'm sharing one of those cocktails with you. I know tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo so I should be sharing a margarita but a mojito is such a refreshing summer cocktail that I just had to share it!
A mojito really is a fairly simple cocktail to make and has a wide variety of variations so it's easy to switch it up just slightly and have almost a whole new cocktail!
While

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.100672
Retrieved Text: Originally posted: June 5, 2017 . Last modified: March 4, 2019 .
Our coconut rum mojito is an excellent Summer drink made to remind you of warm sunshine, sandy beaches, and tropical palm trees.
We all know what to do when life gives us lemons, we make lemonade. So, what do you do when life gives you limes?
Well, the answer to that is quite simple, you make mojitos! However, for this recipe, we wanted to make something special.
A lot of bars and restaurants usually make this cocktail using a standard plain rum and very little mint.
Kim and I decided to change things up and make a coconut version of everyone’s favorite tropical drink. Jimmy Buffett has a line of rums that work perfectly as they are not too sweet.
With that being said, it still manages to be smooth and flavorful. To make up for the lack of sugar, I made a simple syrup.
Our coconut rum mojito does pack a punch when it comes to sugar. There’s a 1/2 cup of sugar per drink, and that’s before the rum has been added.
But, you can always reduce that by modifying the syrup recipe or using a synthetic sweetener. The best way to describe the taste is to call it a coconut limeade with alcohol.
If that appeals to you, then I encourage you to try this beverage. In closing, as always, I wish everyone a long life, love everlasting, and a little booze in your belly!
If you like this coconut rum mojito recipe, please leave us a comment and rate the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.044136
Retrieved Text: South of the Border Mixology ~ Learn, Live, and Explore!
I took another class at LivingSocial's 918 F Street event headquarters in Washington D.C. This time the instructor was an award winning mixologist, J.P. Cesares, who will be partnering with the new Farmers, Fishers, and Bakers restaurant opening in Georgetown this November. He focused on the basic drinks based on liquor found in Central and South America.
First up, the margarita. I'm very picky on my margaritas, and I have to say this recipe was delicious! The key to a good margarita (and low hangover probability) is to get a good tequila. Pay up for Petron if you want, but understand it's just an example of marketing success. You can get an equivalent or better experience from another tequila, so long as it's made of 100% blue agave. Actually, to be called a tequila, the liquor just needs to be comprised of a minimum 51% blue agave and come from a particular area of Central Mexico that incorporates just five regions. This is kind of like the use of the terms champagne (vs. sparkling wine) and cognac (vs. brandy). Tequila not made in these regions are considered mezcal, and they tend to taste a bit smokier because they are processed by roasting with the "piña" with the leaves on top. Margaritas work best with tequilas that are either blanco (aged 0-3 months) or reposado (aged 3-12 months). Save your money on the anejo (aged 12-18 months) and extra anejo (aged 18-30 months) tequilas and use them on their

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.033184
Retrieved Text: I consider myself more or less a purist on the cocktail front, I love the classics. Old Fashioned’s, Dry Martini’s and Rusty Nail’s are a few of my personal favorites. And while these cocktails can be enjoyable at any time, a summery and fresh cocktail on a hot summer’s day is just what the doctor ordered.
Now normally I wouldn’t consider anything like this, but for the purposes of “spreading the love” I have decided to share with you a few of my own personal top secret recipes for great summer cocktails.
I love to experiment and try new and different methods and recipes and the following recipe is definitely a bit out of the ordinary. After reading many an enthusiastic blog about infusing vodkas, I decided to try the one I had been most curious about. Bacon Infused Vodka. That’s right, Bacon.
To make this is an involved process requiring a couple days of prep. First you must dice a pound of bacon fine and fry it up real crispy. Drain all excess fat and lay cooked bacon out on paper towel. Pat dry the excess fat still clinging to the bacon with some more paper towel. Next pour bacon into a large metal mixing bowl and pour in a 40 of the vodka of your choice and let sit, the longer you let sit the more bacony the vodka. Using cheesecloth, strain the bacon from the infused vodka and into a couple of mason jars. Freeze overnight, this will cause any remaining fat to freeze and become

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.9899
Retrieved Text: Muddle mint with sugar and lime juice. Add a splash of soda on top and fill with cracked ice. Pour the rum over the top with soda water. Garnish with mint and lemon straw.
Mojito Gin was even designed with the help of a rum expert. Peter Holland of The Floating Rum Shack helped out.
Heavy peppermint right away on the nose. Absolutely clear as day. There’s a bit of juniper and angelica providing a gin like depth. It’s a much more balanced take on a mint-forward gin that either Baffert’s or Piping Rock. But Mojito Gin is not merely a mint-flavored gin. It’s a Mojito! Where’s that lime?
The palate is mint-led, but there’s juicy key lime (there it is!) in there as well as coriander and other traditional gin notes. The finish is long, cooling and heavily mentholic with a slight chewy licorice note underneath.
I recommend not embracing the literal. Sure you could make a Southside, but if that’s what you want, just sip Mojito Gin neat.
Try mixing it in an Alexander. It’s almost like a Gin Grasshopper with the creamy richness from the cream and the chocolate adding some nice contrast to the heavy mint.
Mojito Gin is truth in advertising. It is heavy on the mint. I’d like to see the lime play a stronger role. Mint is such a dominant botanical. Dialed down a touch, it might emerge more as a cocktail. Also I’d love to see a bit more of that base spirit come through. Absent is the sweetness and creaminess that a cane

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.802683
Retrieved Text: Put together a few grown-up friends with a flair for flavor exploration during a sizzling hot summer and you have a recipe for mischief-making in the kitchen. That’s how “Vice Pops” were born. What could be cooler than an ice pop or more relaxing than a summer cocktail? And what could make more sense than putting them together in one handy frozen lolly?
This experiment came with its challenges. Too much booze and the pops won’t freeze. Too little and…well, what’s the point? Ashley, Maryanne and I put our heads, taste buds and (pathetic) math skills together to figure out the right flavors and proportions. We also had to strategize. It takes up to eight hours for alcohol-laced pops to freeze. When would we test drive them? We sorted it out and took advantage of a get-together with friends two days later to get feedback.
And the feedback was terrific. “The espresso pop gets three thumbs up,” said Cara. It also had to be consumed the most quickly; it didn’t freeze hard and has great potential as a slushy.
The cilantro mojito reminded Jainy of cilantro water drunk in India to keep cool. It was probably my favorite, as I like tart much more than sweet and I think they are the coolest looking.
The orange mango (which had the least alcohol) froze the most solidly. Me being me, I’d add a dash of lemon or bitters the next time for more complexity. And we all liked the passion fruit; nothing could be more tropical. We did notice that for

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.79313
Retrieved Text: Will The Next Great Saratoga Cocktail Be Siro’s Ginger Mint Mojito?
The post-races haunt gets earnest with its Hemingway hat-tip. Find out how to make one.
In saratoga living‘s “The Races!” Issue, post-races mainstay, Siro’s, offered up what they believe is the “Next Great Saratoga Cocktail.” Thirty-year-veteran General Manager and Maître d’ Michael Stone, stepping in for the restaurant/bar’s normal mixologist, offered up Siro’s Ginger Mint Mojito. Here’s how to make it.
The delicious rum-based concoction, the Mojito, was first served in Havana, Cuba’s picturesque capital city. The cocktail was also said to be author Ernest Hemingway’s favorite drink. With racehorses and, I suspect, more than a few saloons named after him, it seemed to me an appropriate inspiration for a feature cocktail at Siro’s. I chose the Ginger Mint Mojito not only because it’s a perfect summer refreshment, but also, specifically, because of the crispness the freshly muddled ginger adds to the summertime drink. Whether you took a beating at the track or are celebrating a big score, this libation will be a welcome prelude to dinner or just a great way to beat the heat of a Saratoga summer.
Muddle the fresh mint and ginger in a clear Collins glass. Combine the Bacardi Superior Rum, club soda, fresh lime juice, granulated sugar in a shaker with ice. Shake and pour into the glass. Garnish with a fresh lime.
*Michael’s been the General Manager and Maître d’ at Siro’s for 30 years and says he’s just filling in for their regular bartender.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.735304
Retrieved Text: Funkin Raspberry Mojito uses the finest plump raspberries, balanced with garden mint and the zestiest limes. Using all natural products, Funkin Raspberry Mojito provides a consistent solution for serving this delicious twist on a old school classic. Simply add alcohol, shake and strain over ice.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.667055
Retrieved Text: One of my favorite summer drinks is a mojito. I love the combination of tart lime juice with fresh mint from my garden. There’s something so light and refreshing about this classic cocktail. So why am I switching it up and making a Blueberry Mojito? Because sometimes even the best cocktail can use a little twist!
Last week when I was in Aldi’s I saw that blueberries were on sale for under a dollar. Since they are never under a dollar I bought 3 containers figuring I’d find something to do with them when I got home. The very next day those same blueberries were staring me in the face so I took them out and decided to make a cocktail!
I played around with a few different cocktail (3 different ones) but the one I liked the best was the mojito. I basically used the classic mojito recipe but I also muddled blueberries in with the limes and mint. The color of the cocktail is gorgeous and the blueberry flavor really adds a little something to the traditional mojito.
I made these last weekend when we had people over and they were a huge hit. Everyone liked that the blueberries add a bit of sweetness to the mojito but the lime and mint flavors were still there. This is a great recipe to make for summer parties and BBQ’s!
Give your mojito a twist with fresh blueberries in the mix!
Place the blueberries, mint leaves, simple syrup, and lime juice in a tall glass. Muddle with the back of a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.626823
Retrieved Text: It's gray and cold outside, but at least it stopped raining.
Remember how I told you about receiving 8 mini POM bottles from Kristen, the P♥M blogger? Well, not only did I use the juice to flavor water and to add as a glaze to brownies, I also made a Virgin POM Mojito with it last week.
Why virgin? Because despite being Russian, I don't really drink much (you know, the stereotypes and all?). Plus, I did not have any alcohol at home other than white wine.
It's best to use a tall glass for this Virgin POM Mojito so that the mint settles on the bottom and you can enjoy the bubbly combination of Perrier and the sweet/tart flavor of POM.
All of my tall glasses, however, are green, blue and purple, so I decided to use a wine glass instead to take photographs.
1. "Paint" the rim of your glass with a lemon wedge. Dip it in sugar.
2. Put the mint on the bottom of the glass and using the handle of a wood spoon, bruise the leaves to release the flavor.
3. Top the mint leaves with POM juice and Perrier. Drink immediately.
love the look of that Mojito!
I love the photos! Very pretty.
Great idea! Pom & mint definitely work!
What a tasty & great idea, Olga!!
I love mojitos. Pom sounds fabulous!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.566761
Retrieved Text: It is not difficult to know how to make cocktails once you know its components, its facts and its basic concepts. Cocktails are drinks and beverages with exotic flavors, taste and colors made from a mixture of alcohol combined with different types of ingredients such as fruit juices, tropical fruits, crushed ice etc. They consist of a combination of liquor drinks like vodka, rum, gin, brandy, wine or whisky. It has unique and glamorous presentation and garnishing like sparklers, paper umbrellas and flowers and fruits for garnishing to match or at times also to contrast the flavor and the color of the drink.
There is a wide range of cocktails and so also an equal or double range of cocktail recipes guiding How to make Cocktails. To name a few popular ones from this wide range – Champagne cocktail, Rum cocktail, Summer Cocktail, Vodka Cocktail, Christmas Cocktail, Margarita cocktail, Mojito cocktails etc.
On having a good and detailed peep into Cocktails Recipes one can become a successful and a vibrant bartender by acquiring all the bartending skills of mixing and blending appropriate drinks and liquors in correct ratios and proportions. Along with Cocktail Recipes, there is also a need to know the use of bar decorations, coasters, appropriate glasses for the various cocktails etc.
Mix and shake all the ingredients in a shaker and pour in a fancy glass or a glass with some unique shape (This is just for presentation) Add crushed ice and use your imagination for garnishing.
Create a frosted edge to your uniquely shaped glass. Frosting

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to start an automatic transmission car.

Choice 1: Be sure it is in park, insert key into ignition, twist ignition key to start the car, release the key right after, car is now running.

Choice 2: Be sure it is in park, insert key into ignition, twist ignition key to start the car, do not release the key right after, car is now running.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.711882
Retrieved Text: What Is a Transmission Shift Sensor?
Transmission shift sensors are a piece in a car's engine that gauges the status of the transmission and relays this information to the transmission control module. Based on how the shift sensor outputs, the automatic transmission system determines whether or not to shift gears.
The transmission shift sensor is an integral part of the automatic transmission system in any transmission solenoid. A transmission solenoid uses hydraulic valves controlled by a microprocessor to change gears. The sensor itself converts transmission activity into an electronic signal, which is then fed into the microprocessor. The microprocessor compares the sensor's report with a model of ideal conditions for a gear shift. Based on the difference between the microprocessor's model and the sensor report, the processor decides whether or not to engage the hydraulic valves and shift gears. Meanwhile, the sensor takes another report on the transmission's conditions, restarting the process. This feedback loop forms the foundation for an automatic transmission system.
One of the most important tasks of an automatic transmission shift sensor is the initial start. Modern cars do not activate the starter motor unless the shift sensor reports that the car is parked. If the sensor is unable to tell if the car is in park, it prevents the starter motor from running, resulting in an inoperable vehicle.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.21352
Retrieved Text: Automatic vs manual - which should you buy? | Parkers Automatic vs manual - which should you buy?
Can You Change A Manual Transmission To An Automatic - Apr 16, 2010 · It can be done, and though its not really a difficult job (it would still cost upwards of 1k if you found someone willing to do it) you'd be the first person ever to convert a manual civic to automatic!. Can I get a Remote Car Starter on A Manual Transmission? By Mitchell hey i have 2001 honda accord lx sedan 4cyl. i know i can put automatic start on it but can you give me quote how much the cost? Because in all seriousness somebody could climb in from the trunk or any other door and put it in a different gear or change one of the other. CAN YOU CHANGE MANUAL TRANSMISSION TO AUTOMATIC The primary topic for this eBook is generally covered about CAN YOU CHANGE MANUAL TRANSMISSION TO AUTOMATIC and finalized with all needed and.
manual transmission, and will require you to repair or replace them. There was a 3 speed manual that had an automatic vacuum clutch, so you still I think it is perfect to use the manual transmission. i think i can help you this question because i am also converting a pickup from a manual transmission to a automatic.it can be easily done.you just will probably have to change the transmission cross-member.and probably change the the drive shaft.the auto trans will bolt right in.you might as well change

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.961498
Retrieved Text: A car with a stick shift and clutch pedal requires the use of all four limbs, making it difficult to use a cellphone or eat while driving.
I learned how to drive, initially, with automatic transmissions. The first car that was “mine” was a manual transmission though. I loved that car and I loved driving it. I later purchased another vehicle with a manual transmission in college. I loved that vehicle as well. In 2014-2015, I started looking at a larger vehicle. The Volkswagen Rabbit was a bit small for a carseat and dog crates. I remember scouring Edmunds, desperately looking for a manual transmission option. Alas, there weren’t many large vehicle options for a manual transmission. Worse, I never taught my wife how to use one. So we always needed a vehicle with an automatic transmission on road trips so that she could drive, if necessary. To make it easier on both of us, I opted for a vehicle with an automatic transmission.
I still dearly miss driving vehicles with a manual transmission. I absolutely adored the feeling of shifting gears. It was incredibly rewarding whenever you were able to cleanly take off on an incline without over-revving the engine. I haven’t given much thought to the idea that I might have been a safer driver in that vehicle as opposed to my current one. I will admit that I have started to rely on backup cameras and the sensors too much. If I get in a car without a backup camera, it’s jarring when I start

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.42165
Retrieved Text: From manual to automatic transmission repair, AAMCO Transmission & Total Car Care in Beaumont, TX 77703 knows how to fix the problem. Our knowledgeable auto experts will diagnose the situation and help you make a decision. Leave the dirty work to us!
Automatic Transmissions shift between gears automatically to optimize driving, and changes gears based on the driver's throttle pedal, vehicle speed, engine speed, and vehicle load. Typical automatic transmissions have 4-5 forward gear ratios, a Reverse, Park, and Neutral gear. Shifting gears occur automatically once the car is in Drive and there is no need for a clutch pedal or gear shift like there is in a Manual Transmission. Automatic transmission repair is complicated based on all the components that make it up, and you need to have any automatic transmission issues properly assessed by auto mechanics. Call (409) 899-2001 to talk to the mechanics of AAMCO Transmission & Total Car Care about your transmission problems.
There are clutches in both automatic and manual transmission cars, and different types of clutches. When shifting gears, the clutch engages and disengages from the flywheel and transfers the torque through the transmission. Clutches should help your vehicle start and shift gears smoothly. The clutch in your car receives a lot of wear and can eventually wear out. If your clutch begins slipping irregularly or is making noises that are raising suspicion, contact AAMCO Transmission & Total Car Care to see if clutch replacement is necessary.
A four-wheel (4x4) drive vehicle has differential gears, both front and rear axles, and a transfer

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.194689
Retrieved Text: Like all other car buyers you will also face that which car is fuel efficient automatic or manual. But in the search for improved fuel economy and more valuable vehicle, do not forget about the potential Benefits of the change. In our tests, we found that in some cars with manual transmission to improve gas mileage by a significant 2.5 miles per gallon, compared with the prices of automatic, you can be decreased by $ 800 to $ 1200. Often manual transmissions may also improve acceleration, sometimes dramatically. Greeting you with a smaller engine car might be interesting. And many drivers find the most attractive and fun to drive with a stick.
You can also transfer the movement of the conventional automatic impact of the economy on the manual fuel. The automatic usually more gears (i.e., gears that move the car forward and not in the opposite direction) with a manual gearbox son the additional tools to help ensure the same engine power to the wheels while the engine speed, work less, which saves gas. Cars have become magnificent at working with new technology to become more efficient automatic transmission.
In today’s automotive industry, machine Manufacturers solve the problem of automatic transmission cars worse gas mileage than cars with manual transmission. Today, automatic transmission cars are equipped with a five times six or seven , so it is much easier on your gas tank to drive the road. Usually, the new higher trend desk, which can reduce cycle engines minutes at higher speeds, and which also provides gas.
New

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.887686
Retrieved Text: A tiptronic is a type of transmission that allows you to choose between manual and automatic shifting. Tiptronic vehicles usually come with a switch on the steering wheel or gear shifter that displays a “plus” or “minus” sign. Plus is for shifting upward and minus is for downshifting. Unlike manual transmissions, a tiptronic vehicle doesn’t require a clutch to use, which is a huge positive in many driver’s eyes. Learning to operate the clutch is generally considered one of the more annoying parts of driving a vehicle with a manual transmission.
Start your ignition while pressing firmly on the brake pedal. Begin to accelerate just like you would in a regular car. Depending on the type of tiptronic gearbox in your car, it may shift through the first two gears for you. From there, you can move the switch onto manual-shifting mode and continue to shift upward as you drive. If you’re switch is on the steering wheel, press the plus button to shift upwards. You don’t need to reduce the throttle like you would in a regular manual transmission. A tiptronic transmission does most of the work for you.
When it comes time to downshift, press the minus button or pull the gear shifter down a level. Always remember to drive carefully by downshifting before you arrive at a corner. If you realize halfway through the turn that you’re going too fast and attempt to downshift, it could cause you to lose control. If you need to back up, switch back to automatic mode and reverse as

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.78487
Retrieved Text: From manual to automatic transmission repair, Norm's Car Care in Lincoln, NE 68510 knows how to fix the problem. Our knowledgeable auto experts will diagnose the situation and help you make a decision. Leave the dirty work to us!
Automatic Transmissions shift between gears automatically to optimize driving, and changes gears based on the driver's throttle pedal, vehicle speed, engine speed, and vehicle load. Typical automatic transmissions have 4-5 forward gear ratios, a Reverse, Park, and Neutral gear. Shifting gears occur automatically once the car is in Drive and there is no need for a clutch pedal or gear shift like there is in a Manual Transmission. Automatic transmission repair is complicated based on all the components that make it up, and you need to have any automatic transmission issues properly assessed by auto mechanics. Call 402-483-2418 to talk to the mechanics of Norm's Car Care about your transmission problems.
There are clutches in both automatic and manual transmission cars, and different types of clutches. When shifting gears, the clutch engages and disengages from the flywheel and transfers the torque through the transmission. Clutches should help your vehicle start and shift gears smoothly. The clutch in your car receives a lot of wear and can eventually wear out. If your clutch begins slipping irregularly or is making noises that are raising suspicion, contact Norm's Car Care to see if clutch replacement is necessary.
A four-wheel (4x4) drive vehicle has differential gears, both front and rear axles, and a transfer case attached to the transmission. Four-wheel drive vehicles demand maintenance

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.727077
Retrieved Text: Are you wondering about what does a neutral safety switch do? Did you know that it is important that you should know if it is already failing? Get to know more about neutral safety by reading the information provided below.
A neutral safety switch is found in a car with a transmission that is automatic. It is known as part of an electrical that is installed on every car today. This switch will help prevent the engine from starting when the car's transmission is currently in gear. This means that you won’t be able to initiate the car unless the car’s transmission is currently in neutral. It also protects the car to start immediately after you have parked it.
What Is a ﻿﻿﻿Neutral ﻿Safety Switch﻿﻿﻿﻿?
Where is Neutral Safety Switch Located?
Typically the location of your neutral safety switch will depend on the model of your car. There are cars wherein their safety switch is located in the selector transmission shaft, while there are some that are located in the steering column.
The reverse light in integrated into the neutral safety switch, wherein it will automatically turn on once you stat the engine. The light is also known as an extra precaution since it will be an indication that the driver has already started its engine and may start back up. If the switch failed to initiate the car, this would also affect the reverse lights from working properly.
In an automatic transmission vehicle, the neutral safety switch is located wherein the linkage shift attaches to the modern car’s transmission. There are

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.515154
Retrieved Text: Delivers 26 Highway MPG and 20 City MPG! This Jeep Patriot boasts a Regular Unleaded I-4 2.4 L/144 engine powering this Automatic transmission. TRANSMISSION: 6-SPEED AUTOMATIC -inc: AutoStick Automatic Transmission, Tip Start (STD), QUICK ORDER PACKAGE 2GK 75TH ANNIVERSARY, POWER VALUE GROUP.
DARK SLATE GRAY, OMBRE MESH BUCKET SEATS, BILLET SILVER METALLIC CLEARCOAT, AIR CONDITIONING, Wheels: 17" x 6.5" Bronze Aluminum, Voice Recorder, Variable Intermittent Wipers, Uconnect w/Bluetooth Wireless Phone Connectivity, Transmission: 6-Speed Automatic -inc: AutoStick Automatic Transmission, Tip Start, Touring suspension, Tires: P215/65R17 OWL All Terrain.
You've earned this- stop by Beaver County Dodge Chrysler Jeep located at 2761 Constitution Blvd, Beaver Falls, PA 15010 to make this car yours today!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.47774
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Automotive / The Great Transmission Debate: Manual Or Auto?
Each driver has his or her own preferences. You can put 10 drivers in a room and get 11 opinions on what is most important when it comes to car ownership. One of the most divisive topics among drivers is which type of transmission is better, manual or automatic. A manual transmission, also called a clutch, stick or standard transmission, is usually favored by car purists. Automatic transmissions are favored by people that do not like the hassle of shifting when they drive.
What follows is a look at the benefits and downsides of both transmission types. Choosing a transmission comes down to personal preference. A look at three important aspects of driving can help you determine which type of transmission makes more sense for your next car.
Driving a manual transmission includes more control over shifting and revving the engine. Since an automatic transmission will shift for you, you will not retain control over moving between gears. This lack of control drives most car enthusiasts crazy. Less control over the shifting pattern of your car means more gas getting used by default. When an engine begins to rev up, the sound means more gasoline is being pumped or injected into the engine.
Since an automatic transmission shifts at factory set defaults, your car may spin out to the top of each gear before shifting. This is not exactly good for the fuel economy of your car. Driving a clutch means you will be able to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.42191
Retrieved Text: Home » Car Buying » Is a Transmission Replacement Cost Higher for Manual or Automatic?
Is a Transmission Replacement Cost Higher for Manual or Automatic?
When considering transmission replacement cost, you have to know whether you have a manual or automatic transmission. A manual transmission is only going to require the transmission and clutch components for a replacement. However, when you replace an automatic transmission, you have to replace the transmission, the torque converter and up to ten quarts of transmission fluid. Then you have to adjust the transmission shifter linkage. Cooling lines and the cooler will also need to be flushed to remove impurities. All this extra work will make an automatic transmission more expensive to replace than a manual transmission.
What Does an Automatic Transmission Clutch Do?
How Often Should You Get an Automatic Transmission Flush?
Why Are Auto Transmission Cars More Expensive Than Manual Cars?
What is the Average Cost of a New Transmission for Sedans?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.381292
Retrieved Text: Home / 2013 / articles / automatic / automatic transmission / Brio / brio automatic / buy automatic car / cars / Honda / honda brio automatic / honda brio india / how to use automatic gears / India / manual gears / Why you should buy an Automatic Car?
Why you should buy an Automatic Car?
The first thing when you hear that this car is Automatic, you would think "WOW! Its automatic, I don't need to drive it. It drives itself on the roads"
What is meant by Automatic then?
-- An Automatic car, in technical terms, means it has an Automatic Transmission (Gear Shifting). Unlike in Manual cars, you don;t have to shift gears!!
So if you are having hard time driving in a city traffic or you don't like the clutch (specially women) I suggest you should go for an Automatic Car.
2. No Clutch!! So now you don't have to sweat much about changing gears.
Now if you compare the advantages and disadvantages - They are evenly matched!!
So why to choose an Automatic car?? Well lets consider two types of people.
Now you need to decide which one of the above type you are.
So does it mean that an Automatic car does not have a Gear Lever at all??
NO!! This is not true. Although an Automatic Car does not meant to shift gears by the driver, it doesn't mean that it does not have a Gear Lever. It does have ONE!!!
What is doesn't have is the CLUTCH!
If you look closely just below the Steering wheel, you notice there are

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.238256
Retrieved Text: Having successfully completed the official theory exam, you can start driving.
If you prefer, you can choose a car with an automatic gearbox. This will be quicker and require fewer practice driving hours. Your driving licence will be endorsed with code 78 and you’ll only be eligible to drive cars with automatic transmission. If later, you’d like to switch to a car with manual transmission, you’ll need to take a different exam.
Fees can be paid in parts after every 10th lesson.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.10118
Retrieved Text: Transmission: Automatic Color:Silver Interior Color: Black Average Vehicle Review: (4 reviews) When I saw this car I thought it was great and I liked the fact that I hadn't seen them or heard of them. I test drove it and it felt nice so we bought it. Boy was that a mistake! When accelerating, especially to get on the parkway it doesn't move but the tachometer goes up to 5-6 in the beginning but now goes up to 7 after 2 years. The gas mileage for this small suv is aweful eco button on or not. The radio doesn't go loud enough for my liking and the speakers are aweful. No lock button on passenger side and no air vents in the back. Freeze in the front bc it's hot in the back. Now it shuts off on its own. P0011 issue. Not good!
Transmission: Automatic Color:Black Interior Color: Tan Average Vehicle Review: (4.5 reviews) SUV IS STYLISH WITH MANY FEATURES THAT MAKE IT A PLEASURE TO DRIVE! LOVE ALL THE EXTRAS WHICH INCLUDE NAVIGATIONAL SYSTEM.HEATED LEATHER SEATS AND A BACK-UP CAMERA! VEHICLE IS AN EXCELLENT VALUE WITH RESPECTABLE GAS MILEAGE. GREAT SAFETY FEATURES INCLUDE SIDE AIRBAGS! LOVE THIS CAR!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Transmission: Automatic Color:Black Interior Color: Black Average Vehicle Review: (4.5 reviews) Love the remote start, heated 6-way driver's seat, sun-roof, climate control, cruise control access on steering wheel, tinted glass, flat surface with back seat down and roof height - great for our tall dog, leather seats, 22 inch wheels -great ride, locking system in or

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.047598
Retrieved Text: From manual to automatic transmission repair, One Stop Auto Service in West Warwick, RI 02893 knows how to fix the problem. Our knowledgeable auto experts will diagnose the situation and help you make a decision. Leave the dirty work to us!
Automatic Transmissions shift between gears automatically to optimize driving, and changes gears based on the driver's throttle pedal, vehicle speed, engine speed, and vehicle load. Typical automatic transmissions have 4-5 forward gear ratios, a Reverse, Park, and Neutral gear. Shifting gears occur automatically once the car is in Drive and there is no need for a clutch pedal or gear shift like there is in a Manual Transmission. Automatic transmission repair is complicated based on all the components that make it up, and you need to have any automatic transmission issues properly assessed by auto mechanics. Call 401-828-9738 to talk to the mechanics of One Stop Auto Service about your transmission problems.
There are clutches in both automatic and manual transmission cars, and different types of clutches. When shifting gears, the clutch engages and disengages from the flywheel and transfers the torque through the transmission. Clutches should help your vehicle start and shift gears smoothly. The clutch in your car receives a lot of wear and can eventually wear out. If your clutch begins slipping irregularly or is making noises that are raising suspicion, contact One Stop Auto Service to see if clutch replacement is necessary.
A four-wheel (4x4) drive vehicle has differential gears, both front and rear axles, and a transfer case attached to the transmission. Four-wheel

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.047598
Retrieved Text: From manual to automatic transmission repair, Fleet Services in Lansing, MI 48911 knows how to fix the problem. Our knowledgeable auto experts will diagnose the situation and help you make a decision. Leave the dirty work to us!
Automatic Transmissions shift between gears automatically to optimize driving, and changes gears based on the driver's throttle pedal, vehicle speed, engine speed, and vehicle load. Typical automatic transmissions have 4-5 forward gear ratios, a Reverse, Park, and Neutral gear. Shifting gears occur automatically once the car is in Drive and there is no need for a clutch pedal or gear shift like there is in a Manual Transmission. Automatic transmission repair is complicated based on all the components that make it up, and you need to have any automatic transmission issues properly assessed by auto mechanics. Call 517-887-5936 to talk to the mechanics of Fleet Services about your transmission problems.
There are clutches in both automatic and manual transmission cars, and different types of clutches. When shifting gears, the clutch engages and disengages from the flywheel and transfers the torque through the transmission. Clutches should help your vehicle start and shift gears smoothly. The clutch in your car receives a lot of wear and can eventually wear out. If your clutch begins slipping irregularly or is making noises that are raising suspicion, contact Fleet Services to see if clutch replacement is necessary.
A four-wheel (4x4) drive vehicle has differential gears, both front and rear axles, and a transfer case attached to the transmission. Four-wheel drive vehicles demand maintenance on the transfer

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.04284
Retrieved Text: From manual to automatic transmission repair, Bob's Mobil in Union Grove, WI 53182 knows how to fix the problem. Our knowledgeable auto experts will diagnose the situation and help you make a decision. Leave the dirty work to us!
Automatic Transmissions shift between gears automatically to optimize driving, and changes gears based on the driver's throttle pedal, vehicle speed, engine speed, and vehicle load. Typical automatic transmissions have 4-5 forward gear ratios, a Reverse, Park, and Neutral gear. Shifting gears occur automatically once the car is in Drive and there is no need for a clutch pedal or gear shift like there is in a Manual Transmission. Automatic transmission repair is complicated based on all the components that make it up, and you need to have any automatic transmission issues properly assessed by auto mechanics. Call 262-878-1359 to talk to the mechanics of Bob's Mobil about your transmission problems.
There are clutches in both automatic and manual transmission cars, and different types of clutches. When shifting gears, the clutch engages and disengages from the flywheel and transfers the torque through the transmission. Clutches should help your vehicle start and shift gears smoothly. The clutch in your car receives a lot of wear and can eventually wear out. If your clutch begins slipping irregularly or is making noises that are raising suspicion, contact Bob's Mobil to see if clutch replacement is necessary.
A four-wheel (4x4) drive vehicle has differential gears, both front and rear axles, and a transfer case attached to the transmission. Four-wheel drive vehicles demand maintenance on the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.03242
Retrieved Text: From manual to automatic transmission repair, Proper Service in White Plains, NY 10606 knows how to fix the problem. Our knowledgeable auto experts will diagnose the situation and help you make a decision. Leave the dirty work to us!
Automatic Transmissions shift between gears automatically to optimize driving, and changes gears based on the driver's throttle pedal, vehicle speed, engine speed, and vehicle load. Typical automatic transmissions have 4-5 forward gear ratios, a Reverse, Park, and Neutral gear. Shifting gears occur automatically once the car is in Drive and there is no need for a clutch pedal or gear shift like there is in a Manual Transmission. Automatic transmission repair is complicated based on all the components that make it up, and you need to have any automatic transmission issues properly assessed by auto mechanics. Call 914-428-7185 to talk to the mechanics of Proper Service about your transmission problems.
There are clutches in both automatic and manual transmission cars, and different types of clutches. When shifting gears, the clutch engages and disengages from the flywheel and transfers the torque through the transmission. Clutches should help your vehicle start and shift gears smoothly. The clutch in your car receives a lot of wear and can eventually wear out. If your clutch begins slipping irregularly or is making noises that are raising suspicion, contact Proper Service to see if clutch replacement is necessary.
A four-wheel (4x4) drive vehicle has differential gears, both front and rear axles, and a transfer case attached to the transmission. Four-wheel drive vehicles demand maintenance on the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.023499
Retrieved Text: What Are Automatic Transmission Modes & Gears?
Conventionally, in order to select the automatic transmission operating 'mode', the driver moves a selection lever (gear shifter) located either on the steering column or on the floor. In order to select transmission modes, or to manually select specific transmission gear ratios, the driver must push a button in called the shift lock button or pull the handle only on column mounted transmission shifters out. Some vehicles position transmission selector buttons for each mode on the cockpit instead, freeing up space on the central console. Automobiles conforming to United States Government standards must have the transmission modes ordered P-R-N-D-L (left to right, top to bottom, or clockwise). Prior to this standard, quadrant-selected automatic transmissions often utilized a P-N-D-L-R layout, or similar. Such a pattern led to a number of deaths and injuries owing to unintentional transmission gear selection, as well as the danger of having a transmission selector jump into Reverse gear from Low gear during engine braking maneuvers.
Park (P): This gear selection mechanically locks the output shaft of the transmission, restricting the car or truck from moving in any direction. A parking pawl prevents the automatic transmission from rotating, and therefore the car or truck from moving, although the vehicle's non-driven road wheels may still rotate freely. For this reason, it is recommended to use the hand brake or parking brake because this actually locks the rear wheels and prevents them from moving in most cases. This also increases the life of the automatic transmission and the park pin

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.023388
Retrieved Text: Transmission: Automatic Color:Black Interior Color: Black Average Vehicle Review: (4.391 reviews) Love the remote start, heated 6-way driver's seat, sun-roof, climate control, cruise control access on steering wheel, tinted glass, flat surface with back seat down and roof height - great for our tall dog, leather seats, 22 inch wheels -great ride, locking system in or out of car. Plus this car is light enough to tow 4 down behind our motor home.
Transmission: Automatic Color:Silver Interior Color: Black Average Vehicle Review: (4.2 reviews) Love the remote start, heated 6-way driver's seat, sun-roof, climate control, cruise control access on steering wheel, tinted glass, flat surface with back seat down and roof height - great for our tall dog, leather seats, 22 inch wheels -great ride, locking system in or out of car. Plus this car is light enough to tow 4 down behind our motor home.
Transmission: Automatic Color:Blue Interior Color: Gray Average Vehicle Review: (4.485 reviews) I like the way it drives, we have a 4 cylinder with eco for gas. Great gas miles in the city have not put on the road yet. Living in Wisconsin with the cold weather it helps to have a remote start. Love the body style people notice the car when driving.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.016201
Retrieved Text: Can You Use a Remote Car Starter With a Manual Transmission?
Remote car starters are relatively simple devices, but safely installing one in a car that has a manual transmission presents some unique problems. The issue is that most manual transmissions use mechanical shift linkage, and there's no sensor to tap into to tell if the transmission is in neutral. Without that, a remote starter could engage with the transmission in gear with potentially disastrous effects.
It is possible to install a remote starter in a car with a manual transmission, and there are even multiple ways to do it, but not all of them are particularly safe.
When you install an automatic starter in a vehicle that has an automatic transmission, it typically checks two things before starting the engine: that the transmission is in park, and that the parking brake is set. In some installations, it will only check that the transmission is in park.
The biggest problem with manual transmissions is that there is no park. They have only have neutral, which is sort of like park, but the transmission is able to freewheel. There is no parking pawl, which is the component in automatic transmissions that locks the transmission in place.
The other big problem is that when you start a vehicle with a manual transmission, you must first push down on the clutch pedal. This is easier to deal with than the issue of making sure the transmission is in neutral, but it's still an additional hurdle that doesn't apply to vehicles with automatic transmissions.
The reason

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.925325
Retrieved Text: We aim to provide you with exceptional value for money for all your car services car maintenance car repairs. Visit Kmart Tyre & Auto Service for a free battery test from expert technicians and car battery replacement with an extensive range of Century batteries.
We are asked this question all the time. Ideally, remote starters should be installed by a qualified technician because improper installation can damage expensive vehicle control electronics. Auto car starter manual.
It includes a patented alternator check function. This is a list of automotive parts mostly for vehicles using internal combustion engines which are manufactured components of automobiles. Auto parts new, used: Nissan engine , Auto Parts transmission 1997 Cadillac Sts emblems. Auto car starter manual.
Shop our large selection of parts based on brand price, description location. " Pro" Service Manuals " DIY" Repair Manuals. Shop for all your car wash waxes car care products at Advance Auto Parts. 6) Because this is a start/ stop ignition, there is one catch.
Apr 02, · How to Install a Remote Starter in a Car. Cars came into global use during the 20th century developed economies depend on them. Find more car care tips and articles here. Auto car starter manual. Professional Technician' s Service Manuals are intended for Mechanics who service multiple vehicles. Whether it' s because you left the lights on most car owners will be faced with a dead battery sooner , your battery is old later.
The Car Care Council has developed a service interval schedule with general guidelines for the regular maintenance of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.905191
Retrieved Text: Heated Seats, iPod/MP3 Input, Satellite Radio, Dual Zone A/C, Bluetooth, COLD WEATHER GROUP, PASSIVE ENTRY REMOTE START PACKAGE, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY GROUP. Colorado Red (Vr exterior, Latitude trim. EPA 30 MPG Hwy/22 MPG City! SEE MORE! KEY FEATURES INCLUDE Back-Up Camera, Turbocharged, Satellite Radio, iPod/MP3 Input, Bluetooth, Dual Zone A/C. Rear Spoiler, MP3 Player, Privacy Glass, Steering Wheel Controls, Child Safety Locks. OPTION PACKAGES ENGINE: 2.4L I4 ZERO EVAP M-AIR 3.734 Final Drive Ratio, Wheels: 17 x 7.0 Aluminum, Engine Oil Cooler, Tires: 215/60R17 BSW AS Touring, Zero Evaporate Emissions Control System, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY GROUP Lane Departure Warning Plus, Automatic High Beam Headlamp Control, Full Speed Forward Collision Warning Plus, ParkSense Rear Park Assist System, SAFETY & SECURITY GROUP Tonneau Cover, Rain Sensitive Windshield Wipers, Blind Spot & Cross Path Detection, High Intensity Discharge Headlamps, Security Alarm, WHEELS: 18 X 7.0 ALUMINUM Tires: 225/55R18 AS, COLD WEATHER GROUP Heated Front Seats, Windshield Wiper De-Icer, All-Season Floor Mats, Heated Steering Wheel, PTC Auxiliary Interior Heater, PASSIVE ENTRY REMOTE START PACKAGE Remote Start System, Passive Entry/KEYLESS-GO, TRANSMISSION: 9-SPEED 948TE AUTOMATIC Vinyl Shift Knob. BUY FROM AN AWARD WINNING DEALER The staff at Mount Airy Chrysler Jeep Dodge is ready to help you purchase a new or used car in Mt Airy. When you visit our car dealership, expect the superior customer service that you deserve. With years of experience and training, our team will get you into the car, truck, or SUV that was built for you. Get the new or used car by Jeep, Dodge, Chrysler or RAM

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.882803
Retrieved Text: How does an automatic gearbox know when to change gear?
5 speed automatic transmission still have five gears. 1–2–3–4–5. One being the gear you use at slow speeds and 5 being the gear you use at high speeds. The transmission chooses the right gear for you to be in based on the how you are driving your car. Trucks will often have a tow switch that locks out the top overdrive gear for towing heaving loads.... In an automatic transmission, however, the gears are never physically moved and are always engaged to the same gears. This is accomplished through the use of planetary gear sets. This is accomplished through the use of planetary gear sets.
5 speed automatic transmission still have five gears. 1–2–3–4–5. One being the gear you use at slow speeds and 5 being the gear you use at high speeds. The transmission chooses the right gear for you to be in based on the how you are driving your car. Trucks will often have a tow switch that locks out the top overdrive gear for towing heaving loads.
Vacuum states are generally interpereted as low load, off-throttle or generally as situations suited for higher gears. As the throttle opens, the transmission will tend to gear down. As the governor speeds up, the lower gears cease to be an option.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.663546
Retrieved Text: First, check the transmission fluid level and condition. If you can’t find the transmission dipstick check the vehicles owner manual.
Keep in mind, however, that some modern cars simply don't have the transmission dipstick and require special procedure performed in a transmission repair shop to check the transmission fluid level.
The automatic transmission and torque converter have become much more complex and computerized. These designs have made the automatic transmission and torque converter more reliable these days, but still automatic transmissions do tend to wear out and break. Its very important to always change transmission fluid. Many car owners tend to perform regular car maintenance such as oil change, check tire air pressure and air filter. Many car owners overlook checking the automatic transmission fluid. The automatic transmission fluid doesn’t need to be changed as often as changing the motor oil but the transmission fluid should be checked every time you change motor oil. The automatic transmission fluid level should be checked by pulling the transmission / transaxle dipstick. The transmission fluid level should mark at least to the full mark on the transmission dipstick. The transmission fluid should have a reddish color. The automatic transmission fluid should not be brownish or black like motor oil. The automatic transmission fluid should not smell burnt. A burnt smell is a sign of transmission problems. The transmission should not have bubbles on the dipstick. Bubbles on the transmission dipstick is a sign of excessive heat and that means the transmission is getting too hot. Heat is the key factor in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.644869
Retrieved Text: At times your car won’t give any trouble. And sometimes all hell breaks loose when your car decides to make the garage its second home. One such trouble is a leak in the transmission fluid system. If you are not taking care of it in the right way, it will turn out to be a big problem.
So, if you notice any sort of leaking fluid from your engine, it is advised that you identify it and solve the issue as soon as possible.
Your car will not move without a properly working transmission system. If you try to drive your car in such a condition, you will hear popping and splitting sounds and end up damaging your transmission system furthermore.
In fact, an unexpected transmission failure will prove to be fatal for your car and leave you stranded in the middle of the road. So, it is necessary to know how to identify a transmission fluid leak.
What does the transmission system do?
Regardless of the transmission system in your car – automatic or manual – it performs the same function of transferring engine-generated power to wheels and ensuring the car is running at the speed you want.
When the gears are changed, the transmission system changes the power output transferred to the wheels and adjusts the speed at which you are running your car.
If you drive a manual transmission car and find it difficult to operate the clutch, you might feel your car giving jerk reaction. You might even feel jerks when you are changing gears. This is an indication

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.543886
Retrieved Text: From manual to automatic transmission repair, Millersville Automotive in Millersville, PA 17551 knows how to fix the problem. Our knowledgeable auto experts will diagnose the situation and help you make a decision. Leave the dirty work to us!
Automatic Transmissions shift between gears automatically to optimize driving, and changes gears based on the driver's throttle pedal, vehicle speed, engine speed, and vehicle load. Typical automatic transmissions have 4-5 forward gear ratios, a Reverse, Park, and Neutral gear. Shifting gears occur automatically once the car is in Drive and there is no need for a clutch pedal or gear shift like there is in a Manual Transmission. Automatic transmission repair is complicated based on all the components that make it up, and you need to have any automatic transmission issues properly assessed by auto mechanics. Call 717-872-7167 to talk to the mechanics of Millersville Automotive about your transmission problems.
There are clutches in both automatic and manual transmission cars, and different types of clutches. When shifting gears, the clutch engages and disengages from the flywheel and transfers the torque through the transmission. Clutches should help your vehicle start and shift gears smoothly. The clutch in your car receives a lot of wear and can eventually wear out. If your clutch begins slipping irregularly or is making noises that are raising suspicion, contact Millersville Automotive to see if clutch replacement is necessary.
A four-wheel (4x4) drive vehicle has differential gears, both front and rear axles, and a transfer case attached to the transmission. Four-wheel drive vehicles demand maintenance on the transfer

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.543488
Retrieved Text: From manual to automatic transmission repair, Roche Automotive Inc. in Libertytown, MD 21762 knows how to fix the problem. Our knowledgeable auto experts will diagnose the situation and help you make a decision. Leave the dirty work to us!
Automatic Transmissions shift between gears automatically to optimize driving, and changes gears based on the driver's throttle pedal, vehicle speed, engine speed, and vehicle load. Typical automatic transmissions have 4-5 forward gear ratios, a Reverse, Park, and Neutral gear. Shifting gears occur automatically once the car is in Drive and there is no need for a clutch pedal or gear shift like there is in a Manual Transmission. Automatic transmission repair is complicated based on all the components that make it up, and you need to have any automatic transmission issues properly assessed by auto mechanics. Call 301-898-5541 to talk to the mechanics of Roche Automotive Inc. about your transmission problems.
There are clutches in both automatic and manual transmission cars, and different types of clutches. When shifting gears, the clutch engages and disengages from the flywheel and transfers the torque through the transmission. Clutches should help your vehicle start and shift gears smoothly. The clutch in your car receives a lot of wear and can eventually wear out. If your clutch begins slipping irregularly or is making noises that are raising suspicion, contact Roche Automotive Inc. to see if clutch replacement is necessary.
A four-wheel (4x4) drive vehicle has differential gears, both front and rear axles, and a transfer case attached to the transmission. Four-wheel drive vehicles demand maintenance

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.540983
Retrieved Text: From manual to automatic transmission repair, Hi-Line Auto Electric in Burien, WA 98166 knows how to fix the problem. Our knowledgeable auto experts will diagnose the situation and help you make a decision. Leave the dirty work to us!
Automatic Transmissions shift between gears automatically to optimize driving, and changes gears based on the driver's throttle pedal, vehicle speed, engine speed, and vehicle load. Typical automatic transmissions have 4-5 forward gear ratios, a Reverse, Park, and Neutral gear. Shifting gears occur automatically once the car is in Drive and there is no need for a clutch pedal or gear shift like there is in a Manual Transmission. Automatic transmission repair is complicated based on all the components that make it up, and you need to have any automatic transmission issues properly assessed by auto technicians. Call 206-243-8910 to talk to the technicians of Hi-Line Auto Electric about your transmission problems.
There are clutches in both automatic and manual transmission cars, and different types of clutches. When shifting gears, the clutch engages and disengages from the flywheel and transfers the torque through the transmission. Clutches should help your vehicle start and shift gears smoothly. The clutch in your car receives a lot of wear and can eventually wear out. If your clutch begins slipping irregularly or is making noises that are raising suspicion, contact Hi-Line Auto Electric to see if clutch replacement is necessary.
A four-wheel (4x4) drive vehicle has differential gears, both front and rear axles, and a transfer case attached to the transmission. Four-wheel drive vehicles demand maintenance

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.536646
Retrieved Text: Overall, I really like the Smart ForTwo. This car is compact, but doesn't feel cramped in the slightest. It has plenty of leg room and head room. It has enough space in the back to haul groceries or laundry along with a second passenger. Most people assume that it doesn't have much power, but I can easily take it up steep hills and get it to freeway speeds without a problem. The only real negative about this car, other than being in an odd position if you have more than one passenger, is the transmission. The automated manual transmission takes some time to get used to. I would describe it as both a great manual transmission and a poor automatic transmission. It's a great manual transmission due to the fully automatic clutch, which makes it a lot easier to use as a manual transmission. But as an automatic transmission, it has a few minor shortcomings. I have noticed the computer struggle to decide which gear to shift to when driving less than ten miles per hour, and sometimes the transmission slips when shifting quickly into reverse, but these are relatively minor issues. In general it's small, comfortable, and fairly (but not amazingly) fuel efficient.
There was lots of interest from people who had never seen one when the car was first released. People were always asking me about the fuel efficiency, the size of the tires, whether or not it can get up hills, how much headroom, etc. After a few years, when the Smart was more

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to make sure all the clocks in the house are set accurately?

Choice 1: Get a solar clock for a reference and place it just outside a window that gets lots of sun. Use a system of call and response once a month, having one person stationed at the solar clock who yells out the correct time and have another person move to each of the indoor clocks to check if they are showing the right time. Adjust as necessary.

Choice 2: Replace all wind-ups with digital clocks. That way, you set them once, and that's it. Check the batteries once a year or if you notice anything looks a little off.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.421507
Retrieved Text: This vintage-looking clock made out of wooden blocks is very easy to make.
My sister-in-law has a penchant for clocks. She likes them in all shapes and sizes. In fact, there’s an entire wall in their house that’s dedicated to her collection of clocks. They’re set to different time zones and a lot of her guests find them interesting.
Simple and inexpensive, clocks like this one would make nice house warming gifts.
For her birthday, my husband (her brother) decided to give her something special. We found a great DIY project and thought that it was the perfect present for her. It’s a wood block clock that we were sure she’d greatly appreciate – and she liked it! The finished product is a vintage-looking clock that’s now in her daughter’s bedroom.
This is a simple, easy-to-make project. You can give these clocks as a nice house warming present. It’s not only nice to look at, it’s also functional and hand-made with love.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.430883
Retrieved Text: Except for sites in the NAWCC domains the products , the NAWCC does not endorse any of these sites services that may be offered. Almy & Wall of New Bedford, Massachusetts. Sectional sofa depression glass, oak roll top desk, dressers, Leftists Went Nuclear " No uterus, Spode , Mary Ann - life Activists Attended The Women' s March , dining set + 8 chairs, custom- made furniture, cedar chest, bedroom furniture, kitchen set, Royal Albert china, corner cabinets, antiques, kitchenware, china cabinets no opinion! Keywound Mantel clocks come in a variety of styles and features.
00 - Intermediate. This guide is designed to better understand your floor clock and it' s operations. A wide variety of wrought iron awning brackets options are available to you plastic, such as aluminum alloy aluminum. Howard Miller Battery Clock Repair Solar Panel On Top Of Car To Charge Battery Howard Miller Battery Clock Repair Car Battery Saver Devices Autozone Mazda 5 Car Remote Battery Childrens Battery Powered Cars Can Jump Starting A Car Ruin Your Battery Do weight are not healthy to know where identify excellent step- by- step plans on making solar andfather Clock Owners and Setup Guide. Please remove shoes. Please call your local clock.
From a very young age I was fascinated with clocks especially the big ones with those heavy weights the moving illhart BLACK FRIDAY Moving Sale 57271 Calumet Ave Calumet. A nice surprise This Seiko clock was a very welcome and pleasant surprise! Friday & Saturday November 23 & 24,. POST a QUESTION wiring diagrams, READ

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.30145
Retrieved Text: Innovation Wireless can provide your building with maintenance free wireless time synchronization solutions that improve operating efficiency, increase productivity, and offer greater cost savings. The new generation of wireless timekeeping has greatly enhanced and simplified the way schools, hospitals, businesses and organizations operate and manage time.
Innovation Wireless has embraced the power of Global Positioning System (GPS) and Network Time Protocol (NTP) to successfully accomplish this. Our system is simple, easy to install and maintain, and guarantees precise synchronization of clocks throughout all types of facilities. To learn more about our clock synchronization solutions for specific applications please click on the links below.
Schools face increasing demand for improving how students learn and how administrators can afford new technology that contributes to such improvement. Innovation Wireless offers Wireless School House Clock systems as well as school bell systems.
Colleges and Universities focus on creating an environment in which to instill academic excellence. Wireless clocks from Innovation Wireless will provide your campus with one unified source of synchronized time.
Hospitals rely tremendously on the ability to record time accurately throughout every department. Innovation Wireless offers hospital personnel the ability to keep all clocks throughout your medical facility synchronized.
Your facility’s ability to function orderly and efficiently, keeping all equipment and machinery working together systematically, is critical to maintain peak operational effectiveness. Wireless Clocks from Innovation Wireless will keep every clock synchronized in your facility so everything runs like clock work.
Businesses must operate efficiently. Today more than ever, the corporate workplace must function in an orderly and systematic manner to have a positive

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.93977
Retrieved Text: One of my biggest pet peeve is tardiness. In order to make sure I am almost always on time, I actually set my clock and watch about 5-10 minutes ahead. We don't like for others to waste our time then it is equally important we respect others precious time. In order to help with keeping time in 2011, one lucky Savvy Mode readers will have chance to win one of the 5 watches shown above. Instead of picking one watch to giveaway, I am giving the winner the choice to pick his/her new watch.
On the side note, with Valentine's Day just around the corner, I think CEX0P001B and CTD09001B will be perfectly savvy gifts for all the beaus out there. Personally I like the one with leather strap more for the classic sporty look.
2. Tell me how do you stay on time and which watch you like to win.
3. Share this giveaway on FB, Twitter or your blog for extra entries.
4. US readers only this time.
5. From Jan 7, 2011 to Jan 21, 2011.
I am a follower! I would like the men's khaki watch (#4) if I am the lucky winner. I stay on time by driving fast. HA! Just kidding. I stay on time by just being disciplined and leaving the house when I need to!
I'm a follower. And I use my cellphone to keep on time. I HATE being late so I rely heavily on clocks!
Ooh, what a fabulous giveaway! I stay on time by using, what else, a watch! Though I would love

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.678661
Retrieved Text: Digital Wall Clock With Oversized Lcd – Whoever told time is not measured by clocks but by the occasions your home is, hasn’t bought the right clock for his house. There is no doubt that the greatest days of your life are counted through thoughts that you make, and a wall structure clock keeps the memories of these times. It gives you to look over those days and speak about the numerous thoughts that get covered under the occupied schedules of life. A wall structure clock is indeed the beholder of your energy and beauty, making the home look wonderful and excellent during all times and all the time.
This gorgeous little bit of luxury is the perfect ornament for the walls, making them appear fresh and welcoming. A fantastic clock will indeed attack the best records for you, making your life lovely like never before. Imagine designing your wall structure with a distinctive wooden clock, or designing your living room with a few clocks each exhibiting the time of your children’s birth. I believe, there exists nothing much better than the second idea- clocks that depict the time when your child was given birth to- a remembrance forever.
No matter how big your kids develop, these traditional and wooden clocks will contain the time of a great even, forever. Selection of an absolute clock means a lot of things and designs to consider; but, if you can find the right piece of design for your walls, then you can be sure you’ve added a fantastic look to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.397285
Retrieved Text: Antique Clocks & More has an extensive and interesting inventory which is constantly changing.
Willem Tjonasan’s obsession with clocks was a ticking time bomb until he decided to turn his hobby into a profession and opened one of Toronto’s only Antique Clock Shops. After years of collecting, Willem and his wife Viveca had more than 160 working antique clocks ticking, tocking and chiming away in their home.
The obvious solution was to move their clocks out and into a showroom on Avenue Road near Old Orchard Grove in North Toronto. ‘We had so much, the house was jam-packed and we wanted to share Willem his love for the clocks with other people’, said Viveca. On March 6, 2006, the Tjonasan’s opened the warmly lit, two-room store.
Carrying a vast array of antique pieces, the stock includes some of the biggest names in clocks, like ‘Elliott’, ‘Bennett’, ‘Boulle’, ‘Pequegnat’, ‘Japy Freres’, ‘Marti’ etc. etc. Among all the different clocks, Willem’s largest inventory is saved for French Clocks, which he refers to as “… work of art”.
Some of the clocks have lasted 200/300 years, and with a little bit of care they can last another 200/300 years.
Many of these clocks are Table or Mantel clocks, but we also carry Wall clocks, Grandfather clocks, Cartel Clocks, Bracket Clocks, Carriage Clocks etc. Beyond selling clocks, Willem also repairs them and does general maintenance. He even makes house calls to ensure a clock is set up properly in his client’s home.
Among the timepieces are many other decor pieces that Viveca collects, including Music Boxes,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.323627
Retrieved Text: In 1884 the Greenwich Meridian became the Prime Meridian of the World.
A prime meridian is an imaginary point on the earth that the sun crosses each day at noon. It provides a fix for longitude, the most important being 0° longitude that is in Greenwich London. It is the home of world time and the point where east meets west.
For early navigators measuring latitude, how far you are north or south of the equator, the prime meridian for latitude, was not a problem. Longitude, the position you are east or west, was still not possible to measure accurately.
It was known in the 17th century that the earth turns 360° every day, or 15° every hour. So if you travelled 15° eastward, the local time moves one hour ahead and travelling West, the local time moves back one hour.
In 1675 King Charles II appointed John Flamsteed as the first Astronomer Royal of the new Royal Observatory in Greenwich. The Empire needed a method for navigators to find their position at sea.
Flamsteed and others used clocks and celestial objects for navigators but it wasn't until John Harrison invented his marine chronometer that the longitude at sea was fully mastered.
Flamsteed had installed state-of-the-art pendulum clocks by the best clockmaker and set these clocks to the local time, Greenwich Mean Time. Flamsteed’s catalogue of stars become the standard reference work for plotting star positions based on Greenwich time.
Nevil Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal 1765 to 1811, processed Flamsteeds charts into tables that could be used by navigators and cartographers to establish positions

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.219639
Retrieved Text: As with most equipment, a good maintenance will keep clocks, even antique ones, working. They are extremely fragile. It takes gentle hands.
When it no longer keeps the right time, it is wise to get your clock repair done right. They are most often seen as heirlooms and not as a useful piece of equipment. This is, however, not true at all. Even in the digital age, are still an important piece of history as well as beautiful works of art.
Do not try to fix your clock yourself. It is extremely fragile. It takes gentle hands.
Reaching clear back in history, many cuckoo clocks have been manufactured by master woodcarvers, making them historically important as well as more than just an heirloom. This is why it is so important to properly maintain them, whether handed down to you or recently purchased. Here are a few tips to keep them ticking away for generations to come. Remember, if you ever are in doubt or run into a problem call your local clock repair shop.
There are three different styles associated with cuckoo clocks you should be aware of: Traditional style, or the classic style; station house style; and the chalet style. Of these three chalet is the most famous. The traditional or classic style, is known for its dark stain and animal carvings, as well as for being a one of the most historical styles.
This historical aspect is true for the station house style as well. The station house style has a classier look and is not usually as darkly

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.178038
Retrieved Text: Vintage Wall Clocks - Buy antique wall clocks from mattress bath & past. Buy "vintage wall clocks" merchandise like vintage tools wall clock, firstime® shiplap wall clock in white, firstime® relic round wall clock in black, infinity instruments vintage wall clock, firstime® bicycle wheel wall clock in iron, firstime® vintage gears wall clock in black/gold, sterling & noble™ wooden wall clock.
Antique wall clock EBay comparable: vintage wall clock Vintage wall clock battery Vintage wall clock electrical Vintage wall clock pendulum Antique wall clock promoting retro wall clock mid century wall clock Antique starburst wall clock d Antique business wall clock fashionable. vintage wall clocks hayneedle.
Store our best possible selection of vintage wall clocks to mirror your style and inspire your home. To Find the easiest ornamental accents at hayneedle, the place you ll buy online when you explore our room designs and curated appears to be like for guidelines, ideas & inspiration to help you alongside the best way. Wall clocks / clocks: home & kitchen.
Find a great collection of vintage wall clocks at low costs everyday. On Line buying groceries from an excellent selection at home & kitchen retailer. antique glance wall clocks up to 40% off. Our vintage wall clocks all come with loose delivery, no sales tax and a 30-Day guarantee. Call us at (866) 225-0371, A vintage glance wall clock makes a really perfect addition to your own home or place of job.
Vintage clocks zazzle customizable Vintage clocks from zazzle. Make A Choice a pre-existing design on your wall clock or create

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.870884
Retrieved Text: cottage wall clocks dining room wall cottage wall decor new large decorative wall clocks beach cottage wall clocks country cottage wall clocks.
cottage kitchen wall clocks beach large clock style,cottage style kitchen wall clocks beach house coastal to fit any home living spaces,beach house wall clocks cottage download inspirational designer large kitchen,beach cottage wall clocks country river city musical cuckoo clock with deer kitchen,beach house wall clocks cafe rustic french cottage style old wood clock kitchen country,cottage style kitchen wall clocks french clock beach house,beach cottage wall clocks house caged metal new factory clock a in the city country,cottage kitchen wall clocks beach clock house wide lake country,coastal theme wall clock diameter beach country cottage clocks style kitchen,country cottage wall clocks beach how to make a rustic clock an style kitchen.
Be the first to comment on "Cottage Wall Clocks Dining Room Wall Cottage Wall Decor New Large Decorative Wall Clocks Beach Cottage Wall Clocks Country Cottage Wall Clocks"

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.761543
Retrieved Text: This worksheet provides basic exercises for understanding analog clocks. The student’s task here is to write the time that is displayed on a set of clocks. You can select a resolution for the clock times to adjust the exercises to match the skill level of the student. The clock hour hand will accurately reflect the portion of the current hour’s passing, just like a real clock.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.692945
Retrieved Text: 36 Best Wall Clocks you MUST consider. Pick a Wall Clocks before gone!
Clocks use various ways to measure time. Even better, there are wonderful assortments of wall clocks out there which you could never imagine. A clock is a system that tells the moment and time. For a kitchen mounting, you are going to need a subtle-looking clock. Although it's hard enough picking the ideal clock, wall clocks UK are surely a logical clock You have to be creative for selecting decorative clocks for each room in accordance with the interiors.
There are various kinds of clocks. Modern day wall clocks UK have gained in popularity through the years and have come to be an important part of the majority of homes, schools, and offices. In reality, having a large wall clock was a method of representing class and prestige. To make sure that you're choosing the very best day date wall clock, you have to take into account a few elements that are fundamental to the purchasing procedure.
A PoE clock is a sort of IP Clock. PoE clocks are not any different than typical IP clocks in the many features they possess. In addition, they have the ability to synchronize with other systems that are connected to the network infrastructure. PoE clocks, like typical IP clocks, have quite a few features that may be controlled through web monitoring program as well.
The big wall clocks were counting down whereas an IP clock is regarded as one of the most advanced synchronized timekeeping technologies out in the industry

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.678953
Retrieved Text: In anticipation of the end of daylight saving time on Nov. 2, the American Public Health Association (APHA) has launched its fall installment of a new campaign aimed at encouraging Americans to make sure their emergency preparedness kits are stocked when they change their clocks.
The "Get Ready: Set Your Clocks, Check Your Stocks" campaign aims to build on the message of preparedness that already exists with using daylight saving time as a reminder to check the batteries in our smoke detectors. The campaign reminds people to refresh their emergency supplies before a disaster, disease outbreak or other emergency occurs. It also serves as a reminder that, if you haven’t created a stockpile yet, now is the time to create one.
"Since people already know that daylight saving time is a great reminder to ensure that our families are prepared for an emergency, it serves as the perfect opportunity for us also to make sure that we have a fully stocked, up-to-date emergency kit," said Georges C. Benjamin, MD, FACP, FACEP (E), executive director of APHA. "As we set our clocks back an hour, we want every American to make sure their family has a preparedness kit to fall back on in the event of an emergency."
APHA’s "Get Ready: Set Your Clocks, Check Your Stocks" campaign offers materials and tips aimed at raising awareness of the importance of ensuring that each family has a stocked emergency preparedness kit. The "Get Set Emergency Preparedness Project Kit" is aimed at getting high school students involved in emergency preparedness and offers

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.67021
Retrieved Text: When a person sees a collection of antique clocks, the fist couple of questions invariably are; Why antique clocks? and, how long have you been collecting?
The how long is usually quite easy to answer, but the “why antique clocks” often stumps the collector. There is no simple or quick answer, and there is not a one liner response either.
Antique clocks do offer a lot. They were, in their time, quite sophisticated scientific instruments and certainly individual.
They were usually thought of as complex instruments, they were often made by prominent scientists or designed by mathematicians, astronomers or the furniture designers of the day. Not everyone or anyone could make clocks, in fact it required a seven year apprenticeship and the making of a “masterpiece” to be granted the “freedom” to be able to make clocks and call yourself a journeyman or clockmaker.
Clocks were, more or less, hand built. A good maker would only build a handful of clocks a year.
Clocks measure the passage of time, or tell the time of day. Their hands display the hours, minutes and seconds, they can tell the age of the moon's cycle and display its phase, they can show the day of the week, the month and the date. Clocks strike the hours and often the quarters and provide an alarm to wake by. Clocks can show the times of high tide and play a melody or march at hourly intervals. Clocks can even show the position of the planets in our solar system.
Clocks are antiques in motion, the tallcase pendulum

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.655474
Retrieved Text: Have students find all of the clocks in each spread. Give the time on both the analog clocks and the digital clocks.
Give students clocks with movable hands. Have them set the clock to the time given on each page.
Have students create 3-D art by creating a background on a sheet of paper. On another sheet, draw an animal (or any object) and outline it in black. Cut out the object, roll a piece of tape and stick the object to the background (do not press down). You can also tape a square of foam board to the back to get a cleaner 3-D look.
Have students make an animal like the ones in All in One Hour using scissors and colored paper and glue (or tape). Make it 3-D!
Have students read This is the House That Jack Built. and compare it to All in One Hour.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.606936
Retrieved Text: Synchronized clocks are an essential part of your setup, no matter what industry you happen to operate in. We at Weaver Communications fully understand how important it is to get the most out of your day. A clock system that’s synchronized with true time will allow you to improve productivity and reduce the amount of time you lose.
We install wireless clocks that match the official world time. You’ll get an accuracy that’s to within a fraction of a second.
You need to make sure your clock is at the right time. Clocks will slow down over time due to slow batteries or poor manufacturing. The ability to monitor each wifi wall clock within your facility from computer software ensures your clocks are up-to-par automatically, eliminating downtime annually that is typically required in changing batteries, adjusting times, or replacing clocks altogether.
The main benefit of having synchronized clocks is productivity. Think about it in terms of a school. A school clock that’s one minute slow will cost about 250 minutes of education time every year. If we assume one lesson is 60 minutes, this is over four lessons lost per student every year. If you work in a school with 500 students, you’ve lost the equivalent of 2000 lessons each year for the entire school.
Apply this to a commercial facility and this could lead to significant losses every year. In business, every minute counts. A single minute might not sound like much, but it all adds up over the course of a year.
Any industry that requires productivity and efficiency

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.599314
Retrieved Text: Do you want the Members of Carthage Fire & Rescue and Our Fire Trucks to stop by your school, Business, or Special Event and teach your Kids or Staff on Fire Safety and Prevention?
Have scout troops that need their badge in Fire Safety? Book your visit to our station today.
Remember when you change your clocks is to change your batteries in your smoke detectors. Know two ways out of your house. Once out, stay out.
Set up a meeting place and home escape plan. Make sure your fire extinguishers are in working condition.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.496002
Retrieved Text: Professional Muslim matrimony provide the endless services and making the right match as per our religion, community and education qualification.
A Green Avenue located at prime location in the Hyderabad city and the plots in Shamshabad is a better land option for constructing your house with all basic amenities.
Mobile Clocking provides you with advanced methods to easily collect, track and manage employee time and attendance. At the core of any time & attendance system is the ability to accurately collect employee time and we give just that.These Contact-less and hygienic Iris biometric time clocks are one of the most effective solutions for time and attendance, built to withstand high traffic.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.394629
Retrieved Text: New network of quantum entangled clocks will be so precise that it can measure if physical constants change on a daily basis.
A second is always a second.
Nevertheless, no clocks are so precise that they can measure the exact duration of a second.
So even the most precise atomic clocks are 0.000000000000000001 seconds off each second. Over the course of a few billion years that equals one second.
A single second off over the course of a few billion years may sound like a very precise clock -- and in a way it is but scientists from the University of Copenhagen would like a clock that is even more precise.
So now the scientists are suggesting that the atomic clocks around the world be connected by light rays; creating one big network of atomic clocks.
This network would measure time more precisely than ever before.
“A more precise clock would lead to a number of new, interesting possibilities,” says Professor Anders Søndberg Sørensen of the Niels Bohr Institute who recently co-authored a proposal for an improved atomic clock that was published in Nature Physics.
With more precise clocks come more precise experiments, and with more precise experiments come new technological possibilities.
The Global Position System (GPS) for instance, only became possible when a new clock was invented that was so precise that it could measure how long it took for a signal from a GPS transmitter on Earth to reach satellites in space.
Similarly, researchers hope that a more precise clock will lead to new scientific possibilities – and solve the debate over whether constants

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.311316
Retrieved Text: Clocks use a complex & reliable movement that is designed to run for many generations with the appropriate maintenance.
You wouldn't drive a car with no oil or dirty oil because you know it will grind to a hault and create more costly damage to the engine...clock movements are no differ.
Clock oil starts breaking down between 12 - 24 months. Old oil with dirt deposits in it is an abrasive material & will wear down the soft brass parts destroying your clock movement.
CLOCKS SHOULD BE SERVICED AT LEAST EVERY 2 YEARS to avoid this!
Remove the clock movement from it's case.
Clean the movement by removing the old dirty oil.
Inspect the gears, pivots, & bushings for wear. A strong indicator that a clock movement needs an overhaul, instead of just a basic service, is when the bushings show extensive wear allowing the gears to turn in an irregular motion.
Re-install the cleaned movement into it's case.
Adjust & calibrate the clock movement.
Test the accuracy of the time keeping.
Give us a call or email today and set-up and appointment to service your clock.
Having your clocks oiled and serviced regularly helps make certain it will last for future generations.
We make house calls to provide full service on grandfather clocks and tall case clocks that are to hard to transport.
Time On My Hands Clockworks can help you prepare grandfather clocks and tall case clocks for long distance moves. We also assemble and set-up clocks that have been moved to a new location. Re-leveling, oiling, calibration and minor adjustments are included in this service.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.264755
Retrieved Text: Cool wall clocks can be found in different color, design and shape. Amazing decorative and functionality of wall clocks are for sure a worthy investment. Inexpensive means affordable. Yes, there are many options of wall clocks in cool values to become additional accessories and form your room decor. There are even more than you could ever imagine. To learn more, browsing online will lead you to most interesting pieces of cool clocks. Make yourself sure about integrating value to your home decor ideas!
For entryway, living room, family room and more interior rooms can have the wall clocks. Depending on your purposes, choosing should be just simple. Bedroom, kitchen and home office with cool wall clocks are given atmosphere enhancements. Ideas are yours to decide in how to make really cool look and feel to enjoy significantly.
Do you want some unusually unique wall clocks? As said that there are more than you could even imagined. Different themes are wonderfully featured for the real different values. Domino, orange, pool, money and more are for sure to become a great addition. Colors are optional to represent each and every one of you in the room. Why not pouring colorful value? It is for granted to add amazing appearance on the walls and the room itself.
Cool wall clocks for kids and adults are varying to choose from. Cartoon characters in bold and bright colors are for sure favored by kids. This is a part of nursery decor too. Your kids can learn numbers and other things. Just make the right

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.128315
Retrieved Text: Mid Century Sunburst Wall Clock – A lot of people that fall in love with the wonder and luxury of antique wall clocks decide to choose duplications parts because most people just want to set the clock to the right time and be able to tell a tale of the type of clock it is, where in fact the clocks were made popular and what the history behind the clocks are. Even though these people may have a duplicate clock, they’ll still employ a good story to share with and a good conversation part to spark these testimonies when they are amusing in their home. Besides, hardly any people invite a genuine clock connoisseur with their home for brunch.
Alternatively, some people decided to get a genuine authentic antique wall clock not realizing that they come with quite somewhat of responsibility. Genuine antique wall clocks come with a lot more than only a good story. Many of them come with authentic paperwork that tells where and when it was made and in many cases which company managed to get and the year or at least the age it was made. In most cases, this paperwork is very old and can need to be stored in a secured place where regular ruffling will not be a choice. With an authentic antique wall clock not only will one need to make certain the clock works but one will also need to find out are there any special health care and maintenance regiments that should be performed and how often.
Many

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.092535
Retrieved Text: When Philip Miller gets up this morning in his home near Holland, Mich., one of the first things he'll do is begin the semiannual ritual of changing his 37 clocks to daylight-saving time.
It'll take him about an hour; three of the clocks are in the grandfather style, and one wall clock is so high that he has to stand on a ladder to reach it.
What he doesn't have to do is to adjust the settings of the 800 or so clocks that are being tested at the nearby factory that bears the Miller name.
Those clocks were moved ahead Friday, "and obviously, the people who changed them are more efficient than I am because they do all 800 in only two hours," he said.
This is Howard Miller territory, home of the largest clock manufacturer in the United States and the largest maker of grandfather clocks in the world. More than 220,000 clocks are crafted each year in the 360,000-square-foot factory in Zeeland, Mich., about 150 miles from Chicago.
They are sent to some 5,000 furniture and clock dealers throughout the United States, plus an increasing number of overseas buyers.
Over the years, some have ended up on exhibit in such places as New York's Museum of Modern Art and Whitney Museum and the National Watch and Clock Collectors Museum in Columbia, Pa.
"Clocks-they're in our blood," Miller said recently in his office in Zeeland. "They talk to you; they're the closest thing to a human without being human. But I don't want to sound completely (corny); clocks have been very

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.035843
Retrieved Text: Subsequently , you should small decorative clocks make a pub setting into your Decor. What type of bar you want to have? At least you select black coloration small decorative clocks with some red accent for classy and modern pub. For additional natural and tropical bar, you may small decorative clocks select pale wooden colour. It will receive your Decor a nation pub as a sheriff picture. For your last touch, do not neglect to decide on bar chairs. Select the chairs which have rollers. They appear a great deal a lot more as a pub. The Small decorative clocks are the armless and basic yet, pick one that is made of stainless steels to your thighs. The timeless color would be black and brown.
Can you want an alternative air for cooking at the residence? Do small decorative wall clocks you want to spend more time with your family members and pals? As you are looking at some Small decorative clocks, you can feel that sometimes we cannot avert the need of quality intervals together with our friends and family at home. For the cause, people use outdoor Decor to shell out some times with their small decorative wall clocks cherished types. Exactly how small decorative wall clocks exactly? An outdoor Decor is flexible and functional. Everybody adores it simply because they’ve outdoor cooking and activity delectable meals at the same time. A exterior Decor is ideal maybe not necessarily not dull. However, such a Decor could be quite expensive; therefore, before you decide of what

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.952934
Retrieved Text: The intersection of my love for the subway, software development, and New York politics.
17 Dec 2017 The launch of countdown clocks is a lesson in failing to set expectations.
With the rollout of countdown clocks on the lettered subway lines nearly complete, riders are beginning to notice a peculiarity: they aren’t always accurate.
@NYCTSubway @vinbarone a G train just came two minutes earlier than the countdown clock said it would. How is that possible???
While intended as a passenger convenience, these countdown clocks have had the unintended consequence of alerting the public to just how little information the MTA actually has about trains in operation. The signal system, designed in a era before the microprocessor, lacks the fidelity of data necessary to track the location of where a particular train is or how fast it’s moving or even if it’s moving at all. All information you would need to accurately project when a train is expected to arrive at the next station.
Installing modern signals would not only provide this data, but more importantly, enable the MTA to run more trains on the track during rush hours and improve reliability while doing so. Modernization on two lines, the L and 7, has already been completed1. In many ways these two were the easiest and upgrading the rest of the system will be made far more complicated by the amount of interconnection between lines. The MTA’s current strategy for implementation calls for completing this work in phases, prioritized by the segments at highest capacity.
However, this poses a challenge: how do you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.884184
Retrieved Text: Way back in 1979, network time synchronization was one of the first applications of the internet demonstrated to the general public. Today, it is one of the most crucial services that computers take advantage of. The protocol for network time synchronization in common use is called NTP, or Network Time Protocol.
NTP works via a hierarchy of servers organized into different strata. Stratum 0 is reserved for devices that report the time accurately, such as atomic clocks. Stratum 1 contains servers that directly get their time from devices in Stratum 0, and thus has in theory the highest level of accuracy. Servers in Stratum 2 obtain their time from servers in Stratum 1, and the time thus propagates downward through the strata to a maximum depth of 15.
Using a Network Time Server (NTP) is a very good way to make sure that your server time is always accurate, as it will continuously adjusts system time from upstream NTP servers. Without an accurate time system like NTP, there would be no way to be sure that timestamps on files are correct, making tasks like automated backups, collaboration on group projects, and version control much more difficult and fraught with error.
This guide will show you how to set up the date and time on your CentOS 6 server using NTP.
First, after making sure your system is fully up to date, install ntp and ntpdate. You will use the package manager yum for this.
ntp is used to have a continuously adjusted system time from upstream NTP server ntpdate is an

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.824457
Retrieved Text: We service all types of clocks—old and new—and offer a 1-year warranty on all clock repairs.
Our showroom has more than 3,000 clocks, ranging from traditional to contemporary.
Our hundreds of scarves range in price from $5 to $25. The types include pashmina, boucle, cashmere, silk, lace, Shanghi, ruana as well as many sequined styles.
We have a variety of items to choose from to make your home achieve exactly the look you’re going for.
We have expanded our lines of clothing, purses, scarves and jewelry for all occasions.
Count on expert clock sales and repairs from House of Clocks Inc. Our third-generation, family-owned-and-operated business is here to serve you and your family and are committed to providing superior customer service.
At House of Clocks Inc. , you will always enjoy one-on-one service and free estimates for repairs. Visit our clock store in St. Paul, Minnesota, for expert clock repairs and a wide variety of timepieces for sale.
When you visit our convenient location, you will soon discover why we are considered one of the most respected dealers and service centers in all of the nation. Clocks are our passion, which is why we have been offering a distinguished collection for more than 35 years. We provide expert sales and service for all types of clocks.
Call us today at (651) 771-7479 to learn more about our clocks for sale and repair services.
Check out our article on the Pioneer Press!
Closed on Sun. & Mon.
© 2019 House of Clocks, Inc.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.807178
Retrieved Text: When estate liquidation services are needed due to death, downsizing or other reasons, it’s important to understand the value of the items being sold. Having an expert discuss the goods involved is a responsible way to make sure you get a fair price for valuable items. That means having someone with the experience to accurately value items in a variety of categories, from coin collections to toys, or firearms to clocks, and more, knowledge is power.
Raymond’s Antiques has a long history as a highly professional, yet compassionate, company that sincerely wants to help make any transition easier for those involved. We understand that the reasons for estate liquidation are typically uncomfortable, and we will do our best to work in a straightforward manner to make things easier.
Kelly Higgins, the owner of Raymond’s Antiques, has been buying antiques and vintage items for over 30 years, and is a trusted source in the Tidewater area.
Located in Virginia Beach, we have conducted business all over the Hampton Roads area of Virginia, including the cities of Chesapeake, Norfolk, Portsmouth, Suffolk and the peninsula cities as well.
We have a good reputation as an honest buyer and you can trust us to always make a fair offer when you need to liquidate an estate in southeastern Virginia.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.786507
Retrieved Text: Here is a heads up for our friends in Erath. Your power will be shut off for about two hours on Monday. The planned power outage will be citywide and will take place at midnight Monday morning and should last until 2 AM.
Entergy, the power provider for the city, says the disconnect is necessary so that their crews can perform work on a power line. The outage was planned for the early morning hours so that most residents will not be inconvenienced.
However, there are some that rely on electricity 24 hours a day. Now is the time to make sure you have plans in place to cover that two-hour time frame when the power will be out.
Our advice, make sure your mobile phone is charged and you have your alarm set on your phone. You'll also have to review the necessary processes needed to reset all the clocks in your house which will be flashing the wrong time when you wake up Monday morning. Let's just call this a drill for the return to Standard Time from Daylight Savings Time on November 4th.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.776047
Retrieved Text: Before you install vCenter Single Sign-On, install the vSphere Web Client, or deploy the vCenter Server Appliance, make sure that all machines on the vSphere network have their clocks synchronized.
If the clocks on vCenter Server network machines are not synchronized, SSL certificates, which are time-sensitive, might not be recognized as valid in communications between network machines. Unsynchronized clocks can result in authentication problems, which can cause the vSphere Web Client installation to fail or prevent the vCenter Server Appliance vpxd service from starting.
Make sure that any Windows host on which a vCenter component runs is synchronized with the NTP server. See the Knowledge Base article Timekeeping best practices for Windows, including NTP.
Before you deploy the vCenter Server Appliance, make sure all machines on the network have their clocks synchronized. Unsynchronized clocks can cause installation and authentication errors.

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do you make plain toast?

Choice 1: Gather a slice of bread and a toaster, place the bread on the top of the toaster and push the button down, when the button pops up your toast is ready.

Choice 2: Gather a slice of bread and a toaster, place the bread into the toaster and push the button down, when the button pops up your toast is ready.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.966673
Retrieved Text: How do you like your toast??
#2 and #4 sound absolutely delicious! They would be so good any time of day, too.
I could eat toast for every meal. Actually, make that a loaf of bread.
Me too! Your toasts are much fancier than mine, I recently became a fan of avocado on toast, but usually I'm happy as a clam with butter on sourdough.
SO COOL how that graphic works!!
I eat avocado and toast almost every day, but I've never added honey to it, this I must try!
Yummm love all of these flavor combos!! Looks amazing!
I loveee toast. This is so cute :) I was just told by my roommate yesterday that I need to stop eating so much bread and venture out haha!! Eye opening, I guess ;) I like my toast with jelly or peanut butter, cinnamon/sugar combo or just plain butter. Today I had toast and eggs...delish!
Yum! Love toast. I too never thought to add honey with avocado...will have to give that a try.
I love love love toast with avocado! And egg whites with lots of pepper, and cheese. :) Of course you can never go wrong with plain ole butter! You are excused for not having your homework. ;) You are human--hope you enjoy your evening!
Wow all of these seem so delicious! I absolutely have to try the first one. I LOVE your blog by the way.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.437338
Retrieved Text: Where Does French Toast Come From?
Was french toast invented in France?
How do you make french toast?
Do people eat french toast in other parts of the world?
If you want to visit the birthplace of french toast, you won't need to know how to speak French!
The origins of french toast are not entirely clear, but long before this sweet snack was called “french toast," similar recipes were being whipped up all around the world. One of the earliest versions of french toast has been traced back to the Roman Empire.
The name “french toast" was first used in 17th-century England. The recipe — and name — were brought to America by early settlers.
In France, the dish is called “pain perdu," meaning “lost bread." Why lost bread? Originally, people made French toast from stale bread in order to make use of bread that would otherwise have been thrown away.
To make french toast, you first dip slices of bread in a mixture of beaten eggs, milk, cinnamon and vanilla. Then you fry the egg-coated bread in a pan until browned.
Some people recommend slicing the bread the night before and letting it dry out a bit overnight to keep the bread from absorbing too much egg and getting soggy.
In the United States, restaurants usually serve french toast with butter, maple syrup and powdered sugar, but the possibilities are endless. French toast can be topped with just about anything.
Popular toppings include powdered sugar, maple syrup, jelly, jam, honey, peanut butter, applesauce, whipped cream, fruit, yogurt, ice cream and nuts. Savory (not sweet) french

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.133736
Retrieved Text: You Are Here >> Home » Easy Meals » Easy Breakfast Recipes » The BEST Pumpkin French Toast Recipe You Will Ever Eat!
Pumpkin everything is here. I have seen Pumpkin funnel cake, pumpkin drinks, pumpkin bread and now I bring you the best Pumpkin French Toast recipe you will ever eat! Pair it with some pumpkin coffee or some plain milk and YUM!
This is by far one of my favorite pumpkin recipes and my kids ask for it every weekend morning during October! It has nothing to do with the fact that I made it for them the year I bought too many pumpkins and had to create recipes to use them all. No really y'all my house looked like it's own personal pumpkin patch. I have no ideas what I was thinking! This was one of several recipes that emerged from the year pumpkins took over my house.
My kids LOVE this version of french toast better than the regular ones we do! They beg for it all year, or maybe it's me egging them on because *I* want them! But really I am up for any breakfast recipes that are easy since I am sooo not a morning person.
These are so easy to make, it takes 5 seconds longer than the regular version of french toast you will wonder how you lived without them!
Flip over and dip the other side.
Add butter and flip to cook the other side until browned.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.980711
Retrieved Text: What is the French alphabet?
How to Say the Alphabet in French?
How many letters are in the French alphabet?
How to Learn to Say the French Alphabet?
How to Teach the French Alphabet?
How to Pronounce the Letters of the French Alphabet?
What do You prefer good french wine or french meal ..?
What's the best French-English-French dictionary for PC, with phonetics or pr...?
French language films released about the French Resistance?
Are French fries and French toast really from France?
Were French fries really invented by th French?
French Toast Plain With Bacon Sausage Ham Eggs Which do you like better with...?
Which alphabet has 33 letters?
Fun alphabet game for 8 yr old?
If you had to use every letter of the alphabet...?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.525547
Retrieved Text: Now that cooler weather is rolling in, I’m on a toast kick. I feel like toast is on a completely different level than plain old bread. I almost feel bad for bread and it’s lack of crispy edges. Whenever I see a loaf of bread at the grocery store I think to myself, “Wow, you would be delicious as a bag of toast! You need some transformative fire.” Toast’s golden brown color, crispiness and ability to melt butter gets me every time.
Have you ever read The One Hundred and One Dalmatians by Dodie Smith? I’m pretty sure everyone’s seen the Disney movie at one point in their childhood, but I actually remember reading the novel before seeing the book. There was one chapter in the book that I looked forward to reading every time: “Hot Buttered Toast.” Pongo and Missis were out searching for their puppies and were cold and hungry. A courteous spaniel offered them shelter from the cold as well as piece after piece of hot buttered toast and sweet milky tea. It’s one of those scenes that makes you feel at warm and cozy inside.
Warm and cozy is how I feel whenever I eat cinnamon toast, no matter what the weather. There’s just something about cinnamon, butter, sugar and the contrast between toasty, golden brown outsides and fluffy, soft insides. I love cinnamon toast, but apparently I’ve been making it all wrong. I came across the Pioneer Woman’s informative post about toast other day and it was mind-blowing. She outlines the 3 classic

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.32865
Retrieved Text: Whenever I go grocery shopping and I am deciding on what to buy, the first items I look at in the Nutritional Facts are the Fat and Sugar content. So I was very happy to see that Dempster's Zero has no added fat or sugar. After tasting it I really couldn't tell the difference between Dempster's Zero and the other breads I have purchased in the past. It is very soft and love that it is made of Whole Grain Wheat Flour.
I decided to make Baked Egg in a Bread Basket with Dempster's Zero. This was a wonderful change to how we normally have our eggs. I love how I can make several at the same time so no one is waiting on their breakfast while others are eating. I made mine in a ramekin. You could also make it in a muffin pan but I suggest using a jumbo sized muffin tin as I found the egg would overflow in a regular muffin pan. The bread gets super crunchy and the yolk was runny with the whites set...perfect! Whenever making eggs over easy I have the hardest time flipping them over, keeping the yolk intact and not overcooking the yolk. This was a perfect solution for me to get the perfect yolk and no stress in flipping the egg.
Spray your ramekin or muffin pan with cooking spray or grease with butter. My ramekin was 7 oz.
Flatten the bread with a rolling pin. Carefully press into the ramekin. Crack the egg on top of the bread.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.999126
Retrieved Text: From August 17-31, you can visit all the participating blogs listed below and enter to win their wonderful prizes to top off your summer in a sweet way. Each blog is offering a giveaway prize of at least $25.00 and you might be lucky enough to win them all!
raw, creamed honey in 4 oz jars.
to Sweeten up your Summer!
We have been striving to eat healthier around our home. I have always loved the health benefits of honey and the help in dealing with seasonal allergens. I have been know to skip white sugar for long periods of time, and just use local honey for things like sweetening my tea and coffee, oatmeal, and even for baking cookies. Honey is so much sweeter than processed sugar, and healthier by far.
Truly Pure & Natural sent us an awesome sampling of their creamed honey! This honey is not cooked, which means the healthy enzymes remain intact. I asked Founder Denise how they creamed the honey.
"Two years ago, my husband, Nick, developed this proprietary method to break down the crystals without the use of heat. Traditional creamed honey is made using the Bryce Method, which includes heating the honey to 190 degrees, which kills essential enzymes and nutrients in the honey. Because he wanted to preserve those nutrients, he developed a method to make the honey creamy without the use of heat. Creaming the honey is a labor intensive process, and after the honey is creamed, he makes each batch by hand, using only the finest organic fruits and spices

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.967886
Retrieved Text: Home » All Forums » [Miscellaneous Forums] » Fast Food Franchises & Non-Roadfood Chains » Waffle House Hashbrowns How Do You Order Yours?
Waffle House Hashbrowns How Do You Order Yours?
I order "none". I don't like potatoes very much. Just give me 2 of those big waffles, bacon & coffee, and I'm set.
My wife orders her hash browns regular, and loves them.
Regular? Does that mean in the ring?
When my wife and I travel for fun, we have a rule of not eating in chain restaurants - with a few exceptions. Eating breakfast at a Waffle House is one of those exceptions.
But, like Niagara, I don't order hash browns - I am just not a fan. However, I love their grits and country ham.
When we went to Amish country in Lancaster this past saturday,we changed our usual breakfast routine and did not eat ,as we always do ,at the rt. 30 Waffle House, and instead went to the local Windmill Restaurant where many said a good breakfast was served and a good value...all true...but not like our usual stop at the Waffle House. Missed their hashbrowns....next time it's back to the WF!!
By "regular", I meant plain, too. Sometimes I order one waffle & grits.
I like mine scattered, smothered and peppered. Sometimes I'll add covered.
The last time I was at a Waflle House (which, hopefully will be my last visit) they were scooping their "hash browns" out of something that looked like a giant milk carton that read something like "SHREDDED POTATO PRODUCT". Yum.
Would you consider hash browns a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.877398
Retrieved Text: When i first tasted this raisin scones given by my friend, i was so impressed and i would said this is the best scone that i have ever had. Buttery, crisp on outside, soft and fluffy inside, less sweet, so good. Thanks to my friend Jennifer so kind to share with me this wonderful scone recipe !
As for liquid in this recipe. My friend had tried with milk, yogurt, whipping cream, and she said the best result is use Buttermilk !!
If you have leftover scones till next day, best to toast it for a while, it will taste like freshly bake !
1. Sift flour and baking powder together, set aside.
2. Use a hand mixer, beat butter and brown sugar till pale and fluffy. Add in egg, beat till mix well.
3. Using a spatula, add in buttermilk and flour alternately, add in raisin, mix until combined. Last you can use hand to mix as to make sure all ingredients are incorporate and mix well till a soft and sticky dough, but do not over work.
4. Use an ice-cream scoop ( you can use spoon or hand) to scoop the dough on a lined baking tray. Leave some gap in between the dough as it will expand. Egg wash the top.
5. Bake at a pre-heated oven at 200C for 15-20mins or until golden brown.
Sonia, these scones look so good. Its been awhile since I baked them. Craving !
Hi Sonia, thank you for your sharing~ May i know what is buttermilk? where can get it?
Hie Sonia, do you think

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.870502
Retrieved Text: Gardening with native Maine plants is the best way to make your house fit into the neighborhood.
Today, thanks to the Patriot Act, if you plan on crossing the border from Maine into Canada, even if it’s just to get gas or groceries, you’ll need a passport. It wasn’t always so. In fact, the people of the area known as the Upper St. John Valley (the borderland consisting of northern Maine, northwestern New Brunswick, and eastern Quebec) have worked and lived together for hundreds of years — long before the Webster-Ashburton Treaty established the international border in 1842.
There are few pleasures in this world greater than a good slice of toast. And we’re ready to claim that Arabica Coffee Co. (2 Free St., 207-899-1833) in Portland has the best in the state. The homemade bread is baked by South Portland’s own Doug’s House of Toast bakery. From plain white to cinnamon-raisin swirl to cheddar cheese and chive, this toast is no ordinary slab of bread. It’s thick, and lightly toasted, and, well, just plain perfect.
What’s in a number? sic transit, and more.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.825947
Retrieved Text: Toast Time : Smash Up!
How often do you stare at your kitchen appliances and think to yourself : “One day, someone’s going to make a video game and you will be the playable character.”? Well…okay let’s be honest, how often do any of us just stare at our kitchen appliances? But if we were to do such a thing, I don’t think it would be very often that we would have the aforementioned thought. Clearly, that was not the case for someone on the team at Force of Habit. It is because of this fact, that we sit here today to discus Toast Time : Smash Up! on the Nintendo Switch.
Toast Time puts you in control of our beloved TERRY, which stands for Toast-Ejecting Recoil and Reload system (the Y is just their because it makes it flow better than TERR). The world is being invade by beasties, and it’s up to TERRY to stop them! The single player campaign spreads out over six worlds that contain nine levels each. Through these levels, TERRY will be in charge of protecting a clock from the invading beasties, for a pre-determined length of time.
How does he protect the clock? Why, by shooting out slices of bread of course! By default, TERRY can shoot out slices of white bread (so plain and boring, blech). However, occasionally crates will appear to fall from the sky. Picking these up will give you short-term usage of a special bread ammo, for instance baguettes which stick in the ground for a few moments,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.817621
Retrieved Text: My main focus on this blog is to inspire you all to get in the kitchen and cook for yourselves more. I want to take the intimidation away from making breakfast, lunch or dinner, by showing you simple whole food recipes that you can whip up on a moments notice, but recipes that taste like you ordered them from your favorite cafe. Good food doesn’t have to be labor intensive, or complicated to taste good. Some recipes, like this avocado toast, are so simple and easy that it feels strange to even write a recipe for them.
Avocado toast is the BOMB, and one of the simplest and tastiest ways to dress up a slice of toast. I mean it’s literally toasted bread with an avocado smashed on it, you can’t get any simpler than that. Topping plain-jane toast with smashed avocado adds such a rich, silky, creamy texture and flavor, and it’s so versatile, as it works for breakfast, lunch or dinner. I mean you could literally have avocado toast for breakfast, lunch and then dinner, but I think that might be going a bit overboard.
For breakfast, top avocado toast with a fried, scrambled or hard boiled egg, or add some bacon!
For lunch or dinner, you can top it with just about anything from tomatoes, (love, love using heirlooms) eggs, salad, cucumber, radishes, beets to fruit! Avocados are so mild in flavor, and creamy in texture that they make the perfect base, and pair with just about anything! I top my avocado toast with my favorite

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.788786
Retrieved Text: The toaster is a simple and user-friendly kitchen appliance. Use it to lightly cook slices of bread so that they are darker, crispier, and tastier. First, you'll need to adjust the knob to choose how dark you want your toast. Then, slide your toast into the toasting slots and depress the lever on the front of the appliance. Wait for the toast to cook, and keep your nose open to make sure that it isn't burning. When the lever pops back up, the toast is done.
Slide one slice of bread into each toaster slot. You can also toast just one slice of bread. In this case, choose a slot, and slide it in. The direction you orient the slice in doesn't matter, but most people like to insert it bottom-first.
You can toast many things other than bread, but stick to toasting bread slices until you are more comfortable using the appliance.
Set the toasting level. Use the adjustment knob on the front of the appliance to choose how dark you want the toast to be. On most toasters, the dial runs from 1 to 5, with 1 being the lightest, and 5 being the darkest.
Consider setting the dial somewhere in the middle: 2 or 3. This way, if the toast is not dark enough, you can always toast it again.
Some toasters have other settings, such as: light, medium, or dark.
Other toasts have options for waffles, toast, and bagels. In this case, choose the setting that best matches whatever it is that you're toasting.
Lower the lever to start

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.713968
Retrieved Text: Looking for a good use for day old bread? Here's how to make bread crumbs at home. From Panko to seasoned bread crumbs, all can be made with simple plain old white bread at home in just 5 minutes. Believe me, there is nothing like taste of homemade bread crumbs to make taste of a dish extra special.
I used to buy breadcrumbs from store. Soon I noticed, after using about a cup, the rest of bread crumbs mostly expire or go soggy sitting in kitchen. This is when I decided to start making breadcrumbs at home. Homemade breadcrumbs are great utilization of few days old plain bread.
Also, why pay money to stores for grinding old bread to crumbs when we can make'em fresh at home as per need?
Making breadcrumbs at home solves twin purpose for me, save some money and utilize day old bread.
All you need is some old plain white bread (for plain bread crumbs) and seasonings (for seasoned breadcrumbs). Follow the instructions below and jazz-up your dishes with homemade breadcrumbs.
2. Plain Bread Crumbs - For plain fine crumbs, heat a skillet, toast slices of bread until brown (but not burnt) toasted on both sides.
3. Plain Bread Crumbs - Leave aside for 5 minutes, tear bread in small pieces and then pulse 10-15 times in food processor to fine crumbs.
For seasonal crumbs, mix seasoning of your choice just before using crumbs. E.g. for garlic breadcrumbs, mix in 1/2 tbsp garlic powder and 1/2 tsp oregano. For Italian bread crumbs, add 1/2 tsp each of oregano,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.624714
Retrieved Text: Breakfast Combos include any size coffee - Small, Medium or Large; Your choice of Bagel, Croissant or Kaiser Roll; Platters include Toast or Bagel and Hash Browns or Home Fries. Please check the Breakfast Platters section for Omelette Choices.
Plain, Poppy, Sesame, Everything, Onion, Garlic, Salt, Egg, Blueberry, Orange Cranberry, Chocolate Chip, French Toast, Tomato Pesto, Cinnamon Raisin, Double Cheddar, Super Cinnamon, Jalapeno Double Cheddar, Super Duper Swiss, Pumpernickel, Marble Rye, Bialys, Low Carb, Whole Wheat, Multigrain, Whole Wheat Everything, Mini & Mini Everything.
We make a variety of Cream Cheeses & Spreads in-house!
Plain, Reduced Fat, Vegetable, Scallion, Walnut Raisin, Olive & Pimento, Garlic & Herb, Strawberry, Blueberry, Lox Spread & Seasonal Flavors.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.588799
Retrieved Text: Quick & Easy Breakfast Recipes Your Kids Will Love! | WhoaBella!
Yummy & Healthy Breakfast Ideas for Those Busy Mornings!
Some mornings (okay most mornings), life is so crazy that I feel like I am rushing my kids the entire time. For most of us, morning time is a mad rush, trying to get out of the house as quickly as possible. Breakfast can certainly suffer when we are short on time. However, I really feel that making sure your child’s brain is well-fueled before he leaves for school each morning is one of the most important things you can do for them each day. Given how hectic life is, how can we make sure our children get the right start to the day?
Start with protein and healthy carbs: I am a big believer in making sure my children eat a little protein every morning. Things like eggs, yogurt, and breakfast turkey sausage are all great ways to sustain brainpower. These are also pretty quick and easy to make. Also, high-quality carbs are really important, as well. Whole-wheat toast, bagels or waffles are quick and easy to use. Try to stay away from refined white bread. Those only cause your blood sugar to spike, then plummet shortly after eating breakfast and leave you feeling lethargic.
Add other “good stuff”: Adding nut butter and fruit to something really beefs up the protein and fiber in your meals, which also helps to sustain you. Whole wheat toast or waffles topped with nut butter and sliced banana is a great example. Plain

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.567694
Retrieved Text: This chilli cheese toast with garlic and olives is not your mom’s cheese toast recipe, people. This is a completely different animal. It takes cheese toast to a whole new level of flavor.
My mom’s sisters learned how to make Rarebit (or as we here like to call it, “cheese toast”) when they were young. My maternal grandfather, then a commander in the British Royal Navy (which would later become the Pakistan Navy after Pakistan’s independence) first tasted it at the Navy mess hall. He enjoyed it so much that he hired the cook to come to his home to make it for his family and teach the recipe to his wife and daughters.
The recipe, being extremely simple and quick to make, was very popular in their home, and often served to tea time guests. When my mother was old enough to enter the kitchen (without getting yelled at), she learned the recipe from her mother and older sisters and passed it on to me. In our home, as well, it was a fallback solution when we couldn’t think of what to make with afternoon tea.
But the problem was, I didn’t like it.
But being a picky eater, I feel, is what made me a better cook (well that, and my mutant sense of smell). When I learned enough to know what flavors I liked and how to alter dishes to suit my taste, I was able to create my own recipes, ones that we all loved. That’s what I did to develop this chilli cheese toast recipe.
So,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.35646
Retrieved Text: This Apple Cinnamon French Toast Casserole is one of the best holiday breakfast recipes I’ve ever made! It’s easy to make with basic ingredients and it’s perfect for any holiday breakfast or brunch at Thanksgiving or Christmas! Watch the VIDEO below to see how I make it, and don’t forget to scroll down to the end of this blog post for the FULL PRINTABLE RECIPE!
*I originally shared this recipe with my readers in October 2015. I’ve updated the recipe, the photos and added a new tutorial video to make this recipe even easier for you to make in your own kitchen!
I don’t know about you, but I just love breakfast foods. It’s not often I have time to just sit and enjoy a leisurely breakfast and a nice cup of tea anymore (and let’s be honest, who does?), but there’s something really peaceful about breakfast time when we’re not rushing off here or there first thing in the morning and we can all sit down and enjoy some eggs, pancakes or French toast.
This Apple Cinnamon French Toast Bake is perfect for lazy mornings. It can even be made the night before and baked in the morning for a fresh and delicious breakfast. We often make it on a Friday or Saturday evening and enjoy it as a family on the weekend. The kids love it with yogurt and maple syrup, but you can also take it up a notch with whipped cream and maple syrup or even caramel sauce!
One of my favourite times to make this

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.35479
Retrieved Text: Challah my Gentile and Jewish friends is the best bread on earth, please there’s no need to argue; I’ll win. Challah is wonderful because it can be made sweet or savory with equally exquisite results, and due to the egg yolks and butter is always rich and satisfying. One of my favorite incarnations of this recipe was a jalapeno cheddar loaf; that, due to the moisture of the pickled jalapenos, was extremely messy to make, but which turned out mind bogglingly delicious.
More often though I take a simpler route towards altering the flavor of the Challah by coating the loaf in different toppings. For example in the loafs today I made one plain, then brushed the pre-baked loaf with egg white and sprinkled it with sesame seeds. In the other loaf I mixed cinnamon into the batter and then coated the braided loaf in cinnamon sugar. Both were swiftly eaten, and as you can imagine the cinnamon one was great toasted, spread with preserves; while the slightly more savory sesame one was ideal for sandwiches. You can also add in nuts, chocolate, or dried fruit to the batter for other delicious twists.
I have had a long standing fantasy about making a big batch of baked french toast with the Challah complete with plump berries and Grand Marnier, but every time that I have tried anyone within grabbing distance of the Challah has managed to eat it before I had the chance. Don’t worry though, one of these days soon I’m going to secretly bake a loaf

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.012777
Retrieved Text: Truffles, truffle oil, and other truffle-infused products are very expensive. And so, I was very excited to receive two bottles of infused white truffle oil from my sister when she came home to Manila for a visit last year. Knowing how pricey truffle oil is, I was very selective in its use, reserving it for special meals and occasions.
In my being careful, I didn’t realize that the last bottle remaining would already expire in a month’s time. I still had something like 3/4 of a bottle left. Hence, it makes sense then that I already finish it. Lest, I end up wasting it.
Pure truffle oil is very expensive and less common. The good thing, infused white truffle oil is just as rich and flavorful. This brand is actulally grapeseed oil infused with the essence of white truffle.
There’s so much a person can do with truffle oil, and restaurants in Manila have embraced truffle as the latest “IT” ingredient. So what do I do here at home? I woke up late yesterday, and what I don’t like so much about waking up very late is having brunch. I don’t like brunch so much. Brunch means having just one instead of two wonderful meals. It’s also a meal that’s neither here nor there. Personally, I find having breakfast meals as too late for brunch (e.g. scrambled eggs, toast, corned beef). And still, I find it early to have lunch food. So what is a guy to do? I combine the best of breakfast and lunch.
My brunch: Truffled steak,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.95127
Retrieved Text: Does your breakfast look like this?
When you think of breakfast, what foods do you think about? Do you think of cereal, breakfast bars, bagels, toast, and pancakes? These processed carb-laden foods that are lacking in nutrients are an important culprit in our struggle to become healthy. We might think of eggs for breakfast but our egg breakfast usually consists of eggs, bacon and toast. Sometimes we think of fruit as part of our breakfast but do we ever think of veggies?
We don’t eat enough veggies. Veggies, especially greens, are so important to our health. When your mom told you it was important to “eat your greens”, she was right. When you omit this key component of your health from an entire meal on a daily basis, it will have a long-term impact on your health. Simply replacing processed foods (like cereal) with a variety of colorful veggies is probably one of the most important changes that you can make today.
I have to give a shout-out to Front Porch Pickings, an organic produce delivery service, for helping me add more veggies to our table. This morning I could have had a piece of toast or skipped breakfast all together but when I opened the fridge and saw that wilting purple kale, I knew that it would be a crime to let it go to waste. What came from this thought was a beautiful breakfast that helped me start the day off right. You could do this with any veggies that you have on hand.
Saute chopped kale with

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.91803
Retrieved Text: Looking for a creative and fun lunch idea for the kids? These fun and tasty PB&J French toast stick sandwiches are a quick and easy lunch that the kids will love.
As break comes to an end and the kids head back to school, parents return to looking for fun and creative lunch ideas for their little one's lunchboxes.
The go-to lunch in our house is the traditional peanut butter and jelly sandwich – aka PB&J. Not only are PB&J sandwiches super easy to make, but they taste amazing too. We make our PB&Js with Smucker's and Jif because we love the delicious combination of Smucker's sweet strawberry jelly and the creamy, fresh roasted peanut taste of Jif.
But, sometimes I want to add a bit of fun and creativity to lunch by switching things up. That is how I came up with this fun back to school recipe for PB&J French toast stick sandwiches that I will share with you today.
These PB&J French toast stick sandwiches are super easy to make, using your choice of sandwich bread, eggs, milk, Smucker's jelly, and Jif peanut butter. Simply cut your bread into sticks, batter, and make into french toast. Then, pair up the sticks to make into the perfect finger-sized PB&J sandwiches.
Cut bread into 4 strips and set aside. Combine eggs, milk, and vanilla in a bowl and beat lightly.
Coat the bread with the egg mixture on both sides.
Heat a skillet over medium heat and grease with butter. Cook the French toast sticks until golden brown on both sides.
Remove from

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.902092
Retrieved Text: You have to toast the banana! A warm banana on warm bread, plus melting peanut butter, is great. So let’s put an end to warm bread and peanut butter plus cold, raw bananas!
1. Grab two slices of bread.
Take your two slices of 100% whole wheat bread and lay them out side by side. One will be for the banana, one for the peanut butter.
Slice the banana into little circles (like you are putting it in a bowl of cereal). Then spread the slices out on one slice of bread. Cover the entire slice of bread, using half-slices of banana to fill in the gaps.
Spread peanut butter over the plain piece of toast.
Put the peanut butter slice on top of banana slice. Cut in half and serve.
Mmm mmm, it’s all warm and gooey! Now isn’t that the best peanut butter and banana sandwich?
I LOVE Peanut Butter & Banana sandwiches!! They are my absolute favorite post-workout snack, thanks for recognizing how great they are! I’ve never thought to toast my banana, but it’s a great idea. 1 Question: how would you recommend accomplishing this if you don’t have a flat toaster oven? (Just the type of toaster you drop your bread into…) Food for thought!
2) You could cook the entire banana separately, perhaps on a stovetop burner, and then slice it up for the sandwich. Maybe wrap it in foil like a baked potato.
3) Microwave the banana slices until they get real soft, and then apply to the toasted bread.
That last one is probably the most feasible, but

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.887186
Retrieved Text: No doubt about it, breakfast is my favourite meal of the day. It’s just so fatty and comforting and delicious (three of the best words in the world). Bacon is often the star of the meal so obviously, breakfast is amazing.
While I love the act of going out for breakfast/brunch with friends and family (with plenty of mimosas, natch), it often hurts my heart to shell out so much money for a meal that I can make satisfactorily at home. This is especially true when it comes to French toast. Rarely is it as delectable as a menu makes it sound. Often times it’s dry, rubbery, flavourless, just plain ol’ lacklustre. And it’s expensive. That’s why I love making it at home.
I don’t know why but when I saw the “stuff, roll and wrap” theme for this week’s Sunday Supper, my mind immediately went to stuffed French toast. Our host today is the fabulous Amy of Kimchi Mom. I love this lady. She’s hilarious and makes the most incredible food, like spam ramen burgers. Ferreals. She became the Husband’s personal hero after creating that gem!
The day I made my dish, I forced my sister and my brother-in-law to come over to help me eat this. They were blown away by how freaking delicious it was and for once, humble ol’ me had to agree. Imagine if unicorns and fairy dust and rainbows were turned into one awesome magical food. That’s how good this tasted. Like a party in your mouth, son. My brother-in-law immediately asked my

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.886757
Retrieved Text: Soaked in a custard blend with crumbled feta cheese and fresh thyme, this Savory Feta Cheese French Toast will quickly become your family’s favorite!
Hi, Friend! Happy Sunday! How’s your weekend been? I spent most of the weekend inside the house, wearing my most favorite purple robe, and watching the snowfall from my window. Don’t worry, I combed my hair and took a shower, too.
You know what the deal is around here, right? I am Macedonian and very proud of it. But you knew that. Once in a while I come around here, make a mention of it, even share a recipe or two that I grew up on, such as the Oven Baked Macaroni and Feta Cheese or this amazing Meat and Potato Gratin.
If there was a food-word that could best describe me and my taste buds, it would be this – this soft, fragrant, delicious Savory Feta Cheese French Toast. It.is.BEYOND!
Growing up, this was our morning breakfast every Sunday. We (Macedonians) call this, “Przeni Lepcinja”, a.k.a. Fried Bread Slices, and not French Toast. In fact, the first time I heard it called that was when we came to the States. The French don’t call it French Toast, either! They call it Pain Perdu, a.k.a. Lost Bread. So there!
I remember my Mom would purposely leave the loaf of bread on the counter the night before so that it would be as stale as possible the next day. We’d come home from Church, gather around the kitchen table and wait for Mom to deliver the goods.
Eggs, milk,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.851494
Retrieved Text: I had a minor op last week. Nothing to do with diabetes and not particularly serious but it did throw up some more positives about having diabetes.
Firstly, having been forced to starve since midnight, I was first on the list at 8am because diabetics can’t cope without food. Poor, pasty, hungry looking people with working pancreases looked at me enviously from their beds as I headed down to theatre and they had to survive another few hours without food.
When I got to the pre-op room I was naturally starting to get a little nervous. It was only a short op so I’d agreed with the anaesthetist that I’d keep my pump on, make sure my blood sugar was ok before I went into theatre and he’d leave well alone.
As he prepared to put the needle into my hand to infuse marvellous drugs to knock me out, the sneaky anaesthetist got me talking about diabetes – how long I’d had it, how my pump worked etc. The last thing I remember was enthusing about blogging and then I was out cold. I must have had “get her talking about diabetes and she won’t have time to fret” written across my hospital gown!
And the final good thing about having diabetes? In the recovery room when you come round after the op everyone is given plain biscuits to eat along with some water or a cup of tea. Apart from me. I was served up two slices of hot granary toast with butter. Because I’m diabetic! I’ve no idea

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.839031
Retrieved Text: So this week’s Friday Favorite is kind of a cop-out. I didn’t really make any of my standby recipes this week, so I figured that instead I’d go generic with this one. And by generic, I mean I’m focusing on a single fruit that is definitely an autumn favorite: pumpkin!
Just yesterday I told you about the pumpkin French toast I made to accompany a tofu scramble. What I didn’t tell you was why I decided to make it in the first place. You see, a week or so ago, I made a mistake I hadn’t made for two years: during a rushed trip to the grocery store, I accidentally purchased a can of pumpkin pie mix instead of plain old pumpkin puree. My wrath when I realized my careless error was towering, but eventually it subsided and laziness edged out my anger. Instead of returning the mix, I decided to use it. It was the perfect choice for the French toast mixture; I just used less almond milk because the pie mix is more liquidy than regular pumpkin puree. After the bread had finished soaking in its their pumpkin-y bath, I had a soupy mixture of mostly pumpkin, almond milk, and spices left. It seemed a waste to throw it out, so… I made it into muffins.
Yep, that’s pretty much exactly what I did last time I accidentally purchased pie mix. These muffins, though, were about 50% more delicious than the ones I made last time. They’re also a little less healthy, but them’s the breaks.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.762877
Retrieved Text: A delicious main-course salad I happened into while using up leftovers.
Mix all this up together with a drizzle of olive oil, some brine from the artichoke jar, and black pepper and hot paprika if your ajvar isn’t the hot spicy kind.
It’s been cold, so we felt like having a batch of chili. Two pounds of ground turkey and a bag of small red beans and a bottle of Rogue Mocha Porter later, among other things, we had a big pot of tallasiandude’s special-recipe chili. Yum!
And because we are both nerds, and both thinking about how to save money on food, we tried to figure out how cost-effective this chili really is. So far we reckon it’s about 10-11 person-meals’ worth of food, and it cost us $21 to make. That’s $2.10 per meal. If you also count the accessories (plain yogurt, brown rice, cheddar cheese, toast, and corn chips), that’s an extra $5 to the total… leaving the per-meal cost still pretty damn low, at $2.60.
That’s not too shabby, considering we used expensive beer and kosher meat and organic vegetables (for the most part). It’s a good meaty chili, flavorful and filling.
Saute 3 roughly-chopped onions and 1/2 a head chopped garlic in 2 tbs butter (or bacon fat if you have it). Add the turkey and cook through. Chop half a head of celery, and saute in 1 tbs butter in the soup pot. Stem and seed 6 serranos and 3 anaheims (or whatever chiles suit you), chop and add to celery. Dump the turkey and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.712578
Retrieved Text: With entwined hearts to symbolize the joining of two lives, these stunning silver-stemmed flutes are a beautiful way to toast your day! This charming set of toasting flutes will certainly be a cherished keepsake to be used each year as you celebrate your love. The 10" tall, elegant flutes can be optionally personalized with your choice of a single initial or the bride and groom's names and wedding date. You may specify your chosen engraving style along with the font style at checkout. Note that we also sell the matching cake serving set separately.
Do these flutes come with a case to store them in?
These Toasting Flutes with Silver Entwined Heart Stem are ship in a plain corrugated box with foam and how you store them is totally up to you.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.677402
Retrieved Text: Sweet or savory toast, why force yourself to make a decision?! Just give in and have both!
I always struggle with this, do I want savory avocado toast with sriracha, lime juice, and sea salt, or avocado toast with honey and jam? Both are absolutely delicious, but I’m limited to one choice. I wanted to give you 6 go-to options the next time you’re struggling with decision fatigue around toast toppers! Bookmark this or pin this post so you can remember later and use it as an ultimate toast guide!
Let’s break toast down in a super simple way – here’s your ultimate guide for how to toast.
So, you can see toast can be quite the meal if you add in substantial amounts of fiber, protein, healthy fats, and carbohydrates typically found in bread or fruit if you choose to add to your toast. Or you can make this a snack by just having 1 slice and adding each of Steps No. 1-4.
So what do you think? Are you going to be switching up your toast or do you already have a favorite way to toast? Let me know what you think in the comments. And don’t forget to share your pics on Instagram with #nutritionstripped so I can see!
Love avocado and want to share it? Shop the Avocado Love sweatshirt and wear your avocado love for everyone to see!

================



======= Instance Index 24 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Make a bulletin board.

Choice 1: Glue wine corks into a picture frame.

Choice 2: Glue wine bottles into a picture frame.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.95839
Retrieved Text: Palm tree Bulletin Boards and classroom ideas Pinterest.
How to make jungle bulletin board ideas Posted in www.dmphoto.us. If you want to use how to make jungle bulletin board ideas , take your time and find the best images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use only.
How to make jungle bulletin board ideas is one of awesome image reference about designs and ideas. We present this image with the very best to you which will make you comfortable and give you many details idea of how to make jungle bulletin board ideas.
There are so many design and ideas in the post how to make jungle bulletin board ideas that you can find, you can find amazing ideas in the gallery.
Image result for on the road to reading bulletin boards bulletin.
79 best Zoo topic images on Pinterest Day care Activities and.
17 best wild about learning images on Pinterest Classroom ideas.
Magic Tree House bulletin board in jungle theme classroom Tia the.
Jungle Safari Themed Classroom Ideas Printable Classroom.
Jungle themed bulletin board by Ms Schramm Bulletin boards.
12 best THEME Safari or Jungle images on Pinterest Day care.
54 best Jungle Classroom Ideas images on Pinterest Jungle theme.
Jungle Safari Classroom Decorations Tedxumkc Decoration.
96 best Safari themed class images on Pinterest Classroom ideas.
This reminds me of my fourthgrade classroom we built a rain forest.
Diy Classroom Decorating Ideas New Jungle Classroom Decorations How.
Classroom display great way to make your students feel they are a.
Jungle Bulletin Board Kit Jungle theme Bulletin board and Jungle.
Bulletin

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.576254
Retrieved Text: Published 04/18/2019 08:45:41 am at 04/18/2019 08:45:41 am in Large Framed Bulletin Board.
large framed bulletin board amazing home glamorous small bulletin board on boards target small bulletin board challengesofaging large white framed bulletin board.
large white framed bulletin board,extra large framed bulletin boards,large wood framed bulletin board,extra large framed bulletin board,large framed cork bulletin board,large white framed bulletin boards,large framed bulletin board,black framed cork bulletin board,black wood framed bulletin board,how to make a large framed bulletin board,large black framed bulletin board.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.460499
Retrieved Text: 4x4 cork board office decor framed home decor furniture triple mail organizer s.
4x4 cork board cork board cork board.
4x4 cork board easy bulletin board fabric covered foam board.
4x4 cork board cork board decor cute cork boards cute bulletin board ideas for bedroom best pottery barn teen cork board.
4x4 cork board privacy fencing board kit 4 x 4 grey.
4x4 cork board picture 1 of 1.
4x4 cork board integers rational and real numbers bulletin board chart set set of.
4x4 cork board x bulletin board.
4x4 cork board bulletin board a musical snowflakes size chart.
4x4 cork board get quotations a best value kit the board dudes die cut cork board and.
4x4 cork board x colored cork board.
4x4 cork board aluminum frame natural cork bulletin board.
4x4 cork board bulletin board.
4x4 cork board make this huge bulletin board for just no cork required.
4x4 cork board carpet sample ballet ribbon color texture 8 in x 8 in.
4x4 cork board board galvanized framed throughout cork board k.
4x4 cork board how to make a bulletin board yard of corks.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.3934
Retrieved Text: homasote cork board sanded best home decorating ideas websites best home design ideas websites.
homasote cork board bulletin board made from canvas and upholstery tacks could also use burlap home office with tv ideas home decor ideas around tv.
homasote cork board bulletin board home studio ideas pinterest home improvement ideas diy.
homasote cork board home ideas mens slippers home decor ideas diy.
homasote cork board cool board for prepossessing and tack board home ideas website home gym ideas pinterest.
homasote cork board how to make a bulletin board home ideas iphone app home bar ideas diy.
homasote cork board bulletin boards with interior particle board substrate and coin burlap home decor ideas images smart home ideas magazine.
homasote cork board fabric covered bulletin board home library ideas pinterest home ideas iphone app.
homasote cork board mezzanine home ideas pinterest home bar ideas with tv.
homasote cork board how to make a bulletin board home ideas diy home decor ideas for small living room.
homasote cork board how to make a bulletin board home decor ideas 2018 home bar ideas with tv.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.224213
Retrieved Text: bulletin board picture frames scroll to previous item diy bulletin board picture frame.
bulletin board picture frames image 0 bulletin board border picture frame.
bulletin board picture frames animal print bulletin board border borders and frames animal print fur effect borders and frames clip art set bulletin board border picture frame.
bulletin board picture frames photo frames on bulletin board bulletin board photo frame.
bulletin board picture frames custom framed cork bulletin boards 6 new ways to put a pin in it diy bulletin board picture frame.
bulletin board picture frames eureka zoo welcome frames bulletin board set multi colored pieces bulletin board photo frame.
bulletin board picture frames bulletin boards made from old picture frames diy bulletin board picture frame.
bulletin board picture frames picture frames bulletin board photo frame.
bulletin board picture frames 7 opening decorative bulletin board style wall hanging picture frame bulletin board photo frame.
bulletin board picture frames amazing home enchanting custom bulletin boards on unique cork board logos designs custom bulletin boards bulletin board photo frame.
bulletin board picture frames art to frames bulletin board bulletin board photo frame.
bulletin board picture frames bulletin board best theme bulletin boards images on frames cartoon and bulletin board border picture frame.
bulletin board picture frames teacher resource pink and chocolate bulletin board accent frames new diy bulletin board picture frame.
bulletin board picture frames hallway bulletin board ideas lovely ground bulletin board frames illustrations images bulletin board photo frame.
bulletin board picture frames opening decorative bulletin board style wall hanging collage picture frame bulletin board border picture frame.
bulletin board picture frames bulletin board border picture frame.
bulletin

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.172049
Retrieved Text: A quick easy and cheap project to display kids artwork chore charts and more. I created a simple diy cactus bulletin board template for you to make in your. I really like how some shops bake and shot.
Are you tired of those same old boring store bought bulletin board borders.
Diy bulletin board. And really the skies the limit with how you can make a fabric framed pin board work for your space. Time to get creative and make your own. Im stoked about how this all came together. Break out your tissue paper its time to get.
I tried this out a couple months ago and never realized to post it up here and get some extra input. One of the most popular world wide dan blantons fly fishing forum and bulletin board is an international fly fishing resource from panfish to billfish. Jump on the cactus theme decor train and make a cactus bulletin board in your room. Make a cork memo board with those leftover wine corks using just a picture frame and a glue gun.
I absolutely love diy classroom decor so i wanted to show you guys how to make your own bulletin board letters in any font size style and color you want. Any feedback suggestions or issues you may find can be reported here. Easy diy bulletin board. Perfect for this non diy kinda gal.
Scroll through this archive to view 40 bulletin board ideas including suggestions for timely and seasonal boards boards to highlight student work and celebrate.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.986378
Retrieved Text: Printable Letters For Banners Google Search Church Bulletin Board Free is part of great design ideas. Printable Letters For Banners Google Search Church Bulletin Board Free was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Printable Letters For Banners Google Search Church Bulletin Board Free was posted in January 9, 2019 at 8:46 pm. Printable Letters For Banners Google Search Church Bulletin Board Free has viewed by 24 users. Click it and download the Printable Letters For Banners Google Search Church Bulletin Board Free.
Newsletter Template, Free Printable Bulletin Board Letters Templates was posted May 11, 2018 at 1:47 am by loveandrespect.us . More over Free Printable Bulletin Board Letters Templates has viewed by 2528 visitor.
Newsletter Template, Bulletin Board Letters Free Printable was posted March 24, 2018 at 4:49 pm by loveandrespect.us . More over Bulletin Board Letters Free Printable has viewed by 2484 visitor.
Printable Template, Free Printable Bulletin Board Letters Pdf was posted October 29, 2017 at 10:21 am by loveandrespect.us . More over Free Printable Bulletin Board Letters Pdf has viewed by 2451 visitor.
Printable Template, Free Printable Bulletin Board Letters was posted February 17, 2018 at 2:25 pm by loveandrespect.us . More over Free Printable Bulletin Board Letters has viewed by 2412

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.819319
Retrieved Text: A residence that sports a wonderful style and design could make your home owner confident, this also Bulletin Board Ideas For Office High School Guidance Office Easy Bulletin Board Idea picture might provide an example that you may content. Throughout Bulletin Board Ideas For Office photograph collection in addition to Bulletin Board Ideas For Office High School Guidance Office Easy Bulletin Board Idea image you can get countless drive which is which means handy if you end up upgrading your house. You may totally modify a form from Bulletin Board Ideas For Office High School Guidance Office Easy Bulletin Board Idea photo or it is possible to duplicate certain parts you adore. Sign in forums as well develop a idea that will especially unique as a result of blending a options coming from Bulletin Board Ideas For Office High School Guidance Office Easy Bulletin Board Idea snapshot with your recommendations. Regardless if you now have a compact or a massive location in your house, this particular Bulletin Board Ideas For Office High School Guidance Office Easy Bulletin Board Idea picture can be excellent to get implemented. A classy together with breathtaking viewpoint will almost allways be felt each time you are in the house influenced by way of Bulletin Board Ideas For Office High School Guidance Office Easy Bulletin Board Idea photograph.
We solidly persuade you to use Bulletin Board Ideas For Office High School Guidance Office Easy Bulletin Board Idea snapshot for a useful resource since it comes with high definition. The actual resolution about this

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.810959
Retrieved Text: Make guests feel welcome to come into your classroom by having Welcome bulletin board sets on the walls. Use these bulletin board sets to make prospective parents and new students feel welcome. Create a warm and inviting place to learn and have fun everyday.
You Can Toucan Welcome Bulletin Board Set - 17 in. x 24 in.
Welcome guests, students and parents to your classroom with our Welcoming Bulletin Board Sets. Buy your wholesale Welcome Bulletin Board Sets from the leader in childcare and school supply.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.7413
Retrieved Text: Image Title: AdecoTrading 9 Opening Decorative Bulletin Board Style Wall Hanging Regarding Boards Decor 3. Post Title: Decorative Bulletin Boards. Filename: adecotrading-9-opening-decorative-bulletin-board-style-wall-hanging-regarding-boards-decor-3.jpg. Image Dimension: 800 x 800 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Mac Connelly. Uploaded Date: Wednesday - October 10th. 2018 16:09:09 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: digsdigs.com. DIY Decorative Bulletin Board For Displaying Children S Artwork Inside Boards Plan 9. Decorative Cork Boards Pensmiths Co Intended For Bulletin Designs 14. 16 X20 Framed Fabric Cork Board Bulletin Memo White With Decorative Boards Designs 15. Decorative Bulletin Boards Cork For Kitchen Board Amazon Office Bcasa Regarding Prepare 5. Amazon Com The Board Dudes 17 X 23 Cork With Decorative Throughout Bulletin Boards Designs 1. Decorative Bulletin Boards For Home Cork Luxury Mall Pertaining To Ideas 16. How To Make A Framed Decorative Bulletin Board The Family CEO Throughout Boards Remodel 12. AdecoTrading 9 Opening Decorative Bulletin Board Style Wall Hanging Regarding Boards Decor 3. Decorative Bulletin Boards Amazing High Throughout Plan 4. Decorative Bulletin Boards Cool For Designs 17.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.720058
Retrieved Text: Do you have an empty bulletin board in your school? Well if you do, fill it with the latest DECA news! Using a bulletin board will benefit you chapter by drawing more attention towards DECA. Here is how to make an awesome bulletin board to grab everyone’s attention.
Creating a bulletin board can be a lot of fun, but don’t forget the two main components! First, it needs to be, eye-catching; An eye-catching bulletin board will spark interest in every individual. Bulletin boards are a marketing technique that introduce new concepts in an exciting way. These displays appeal to the visual side of learning, they spark curiosity that will cause students to more likely to pay attention to the information being relayed. To begin creating a great bulletin board, start by getting butcher art paper for your background. I suggest white, blue, black, or red. Then get unique with how you choose to decorate the board, as well as what important information you want to get out to your school.
To make the board “eye-catching”, put photos of your chapter having fun time at conferences or at meetings, a shape made out of bulletin board paper, or have large letters that say the bullet points about DECA such as, traveling, competitions, and or business.
When arranging the photos, make them into shapes: the DECA diamond or spell out DECA. When deciding what information to put on your bulletin board keep it sweet and simple. You could put the date and time your chapter’s next meeting is, the location of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.633743
Retrieved Text: A bulletin board (pinboard, pin board, noticeboard, or notice board) is a surface intended for the posting of public messages, for example, to advertise items wanted or for sale, announce events, or provide information.
To create a awesome bulletin board for a classroom, all you need is imagination. Here are some creative bulletin board ideas for your inspiration. Make a cool bulletin board with love and have fun with your kids.
The new students see this board on the first day of school and they all have fun finding their own names in the candy jar.
Make hearts displaying students’ photos and beneath it have other students write positive comments about that student.
A cool idea for spring science bulletin board in April.
A great way to encourage the character traits you wish to see in your students.
You could write down study tips or anything else on the balloons.
Lots of hands were created to be the feathers.
What cute bulletin boards to welcome the children to our classroom. This is a great way to display the children’s names and make them feel at home.
It would look great on a classroom door or a large cabinet door as a gentle reminder to students about what kind of behavior you expect in your classroom.
Want to let your teacher friends know what an a-MAZE-ing job they’re doing? This Pac Man themed bulletin board created by Erica Bowman offers a fun, colorful way to show your appreciation!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.348978
Retrieved Text: We manufacture custom fabric covered cork bulletin boards from hundreds of frame options, large velcro fabric boards, fabric bulletin boards with ribbon and custom fabric covered tackboards.
We use a premium wallboard fabric to professionally cover any size tackboard. This durable solid color fabric comes in over 50 colors, has a thick texture so pin holes do not show and is fabricated so that objects can be attached to the bulletin board panels with Velcro. You can also use traditional thumbtacks, T-pins and push pins. We can even Use Your Fabric to cover a custom framed or frameless fabric wrapped cork bulletin board.
Our custom tackable wall panels can be made from over 50 colors of a thick rich textured wallboard fabric that does not show pin holes. These fabric wall panels have a 1.5 inch durable internal frame and can also use Velcro. The image above is a 50 foot tackable fabric wall created for Disney Florida.
Send your fabric and we can create a beautiful custom bulletin board to perfectly match the fabric of your decor.
Personalized fabric wrapped cork bulletin boards. Use your name, color, logo or unique information to create a framed fabric tackboard.
Custom Enclosed Fabric Bulletin Boards - Wrapped With Fabric - Make In Any Size.
Choose any frame - Hundreds Of Frame Options - and select the Cork With Fabric Picture on that product page. Choose your size and place the framed fabric cork board in the cart. Finally select The Ribbon And Nail Head Brads UPG202 Upgrade for your framed fabric board Contact Us

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.176357
Retrieved Text: Our workplace bulletin board is an important communication tool to keep members informed. We have a negotiated right to have a Bulletin Board in each workplace that our members work and the employer is obligated to provide a bulletin boards for our exclusive use.
See article 30.02 of our Collective Agreement.
Make your Bulletin Board stand out and be noticed!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.125023
Retrieved Text: mobizim.com -Back School Bulletin Boards Back to School Bulletin Board ideas! Photos and descriptions of PreK-8 classroom bulletin boards from ProTeacher!
70 back-to-school bulletin board ideas from creative teachers. We asked teachers to submit their best back-to-school bulletin board ideas on Facebook, and we received hundreds of great submissions! Check out some of the best below, along with our other favorites from around the web, and make this your best back-to-school time ever!
Viewer suggestions for bulletin boards. Free printable ideas for church, daycare and school bulletin boards.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.084484
Retrieved Text: Choose animal bulletin board sets for your classrooms! Kids love animals so they are sure to love these fun Animal BB Sets too. Our busy bee and owl bulletin board sets are top sellers. Use our Sets to create a fun and inviting atmosphere in your daycare classroom. Think about different places you could put these kid friendly daycare bulletin board sets round your room. They are sure to make the students at your school smile!
Buy your wholesale Animal Bulletin Board Sets from the leader in childcare and school supply.Use these great sets for motivating and teaching your kids about animals. Daycare Bulletin Board Sets are perfect for any school, child care, preschool or classroom.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.031208
Retrieved Text: Planning for my upcoming holiday program is well on its way and my bulletin board to advertise for the concert has been up a while too. Wanted to share with you all because there are one or two fun elements that you could use for this or any other holiday bulletin board!
The show that I’m doing is a Sally K. Albrecht and Jay Althouse production/mini-musical called “Fiesta! The Legend of the Poinsettia!” This show tells the Mexican folk tale of the origins of the “Flor de Navidad” or Poinsettia plant. This show is literally the most perfect program I could have ever chosen for my school. The music is fun and compelling and pretty easy to learn. The story syncs up with our school population (which is 85%+ Mexican American) and fits in with traditions and my kids know and love. We get to sing some verses in Spanish which, again, is perfect for this community. There are just enough speaking parts but not too many. There is just enough staging but not too much.
Anyway, if you look at this bulletin board compared to the last one you can see some similarities. Here’s my challenge to you, what can you do to preserve some of the work you did with the last bulletin board and still make it new? What can you do to cut down on bulletin board creation time and still make it feel fresh? This feels like one of those “Highlights” seek and find activities, but can you spot the differences?
There are some

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.995193
Retrieved Text: Image Title: How To Make A Bulletin Board From Ceiling Tile WikiHow Within Cork Tiles Designs 12. Filename: how-to-make-a-bulletin-board-from-ceiling-tile-wikihow-within-cork-tiles-designs-12.jpg. Image Dimension: 707 x 560 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Herbert Klocko. Uploaded Date: Sunday - July 22nd. 2018 19:35:24 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: houzz.com.
Tap The Thumbnail Bellow to See Related Gallery of "How To Make A Bulletin Board From Ceiling Tile WikiHow Within Cork Tiles Designs 12"

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.949497
Retrieved Text: Beautiful Framed Cork Board On Amazon Com Choose Your Custom Size Corvino | Jadisdesignservices framed cork board 12. framed cork board hobby lobby. framed cork board for walls.
Appealing Framed Cork Board On 48 X 120 1 8 Original Tan. Fabulous Framed Cork Board In Ubrands White Wood Frame Burlap Bulletin 20 X 30 Target. Beautiful Framed Cork Board On Amazon Com Choose Your Custom Size Corvino. Magnificent Framed Cork Board Of Amazon Com MONOINSIDE Small Wood Bulletin Wall. Astounding Framed Cork Board At 4 X Bulletin Classroom Office Use. Spacious Framed Cork Board In Amazon Com The Dudes Black 35 X 22 Pack. Lovely Framed Cork Board At White Corkboard Wall Decor Hobby Lobby 100072. Lovely Framed Cork Board Of Timbr Moss. Terrific Framed Cork Board Of Office Depot Brand 36 X 24 Mahogany Aluminum Frame. Minimalist Framed Cork Board At Galvanized Corkboard Pottery Barn. Exquisite Framed Cork Board On Classic Corkboard PBteen. Marvelous Framed Cork Board At Corkboard Pottery Barn. Miraculous Framed Cork Board On Shop Country White Wash Sale Free Shipping. Adorable Framed Cork Board On Shop Portico Espresso Sale Free Shipping. Impressing Framed Cork Board On Ubrands Bulletin Wood Frame 17 X23 Brown Target. Magnificent Framed Cork Board Of SILVER Pin Ornate Etsy. Spacious Framed Cork Board On 24 X Decorative Corkboard Com. Amusing Framed Cork Board Of How To Bulletin In 2018 Diy Pinterest. Fabulous Framed Cork Board In 24 X 36 1 8 Original Tan. Wonderful Framed Cork Board Of Amazon Com Dudes 11 X 17 Inches Wood Style. The Best

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.93477
Retrieved Text: Imagine putting out announcements and creating Pinterest-perfect Bulletin Boards and someone comes along to change it or the weather destroys your hard work. Rid yourself of that frustration and protect your time and investment by using locking Enclosed Bulletin Boards.
Glass Enclosed Bulletin Boards with locks allow your message to come across crystal clear, while still keeping a firm �Hands Off� policy. Enclosed Bulletin Boards with removable letter panels make it easy for you to have neat and clear messages using Changeable Letters and Numbers.
Having an Indoor or Outdoor Enclosed Bulletin Board is one of many ways your classroom or business can be Eco-Friendly. Outdoor Bulletin Boards in wood frames come in a Park Bulletin Board Series or traditional Enclosed Bulletin Boards for walls to display all of your bulletin board ideas.
Pin away on Enclosed Bulletin Boards for an inexpensive advertising campaign and call us for details about Custom Enclosed Bulletin Boards at 1.800.791.2946!
US Markerboard is a Whiteboard company. Our main offerings include: Porcelain Magnetic Whiteboards, Freestanding Whiteboards, Indoor Enclosed Bulletin Boards, and Outdoor Enclosed Bulletin Boards for schools, offices, hospitals and more.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.841702
Retrieved Text: Forbo Bulletin Board® is designed to be easy to clean and requires minimal maintenance. To clean your Bulletin Board® we advise dusting the pinning surface at regular intervals with a soft cloth or brush to keep dust or debris from accumulating. For persistent spots or grime: start by wiping the surface gently with a soft, lint-free cloth and warm water. If just water won’t do the job a pH neutral cleanser can be used (pH 7-8.5) with a soft cleaning cloth. The surface can be rinsed with clean water to remove any residual soap and clear the bulletin board for use. Abrasive cleaning pads and alkaline cleaners (i.e. bleach or ammonia) should never be used on Forbo Bulletin Board® as they can damage or discolor the pinning surface. Avoid using bent or damaged pins on the bulletin board as they can tear pieces out of the surface when inserted or withdrawn.
If the face of the Forbo Bulletin Board® becomes damaged or gouged: try painting over the affected area with a latex based paint in a matching color. This can conceal damage or blemishes but new pinholes may be more obvious than they would have been on an unpainted area. Deep gouges in the bulletin board may require replacement of the affected piece entirely, so the best way to deal with damage is to avoid letting it occur in the first place. Most of the damage we see occurs during installation and is entirely avoidable with careful material handling. Make sure your installation space is clean and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.834455
Retrieved Text: The Internet is filled with information, and because of this, the old school bulletin board has gone the way of the dodo. Very rarely do you go to the local coffee shop and look at the bulletin board to find out what is happening in your area. Instead, we just jump on the Internet and see what is going on. Well Tackk is hoping to take the bulletin board and put it on the Internet.
With Tackk, you can create a completely customized board for people to see. You can change every detail from the colors, pictures, font, background and more. You can customize the text displayed on your bulletin board and make it your own. You can use it for promoting pretty much anything, just like you would a physical bulletin board back in the day.
Of course, making a beautiful board does no good if you cannot share it with others. Thankfully, there are plenty of sharing options included.
Another cool feature are the templates. You can choose from announcements, for sale ads and more. It helps steer your board in the right direction.
Create your own bulletin board for anything.
Customize everything about your board.
Use templates to get you started.
Share it on any social network.
Create boards without creating an account.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.828094
Retrieved Text: Bulletin Board Focus Groups involve online bulletin boards or as they are commonly known, message boards. Â Similar to online focus groups, online bulletin boards usually require 10 to 20 participants who participate in an online discussion by answering questions posted by the moderator in the forum or online bulletin board. Â BBFGÂ’s may take up to a week or more. Bulletin Board Focus Groups involve online bulletin boards or as they are commonly known, message boards. Â Similar to online focus groups, online bulletin boards usually require 10 to 20 participants who participate in an online discussion by answering questions posted by the moderator in the forum or online bulletin board. Â BBFGÂ’s may take up to a week or more.The process of starting a bulletin board focus group has a format similar to online focus groups– recruiting respondents, screening, and developing a research guide. Â First, the moderator begins by explaining the rules and procedure for the entire duration of the bulletin board focus group, after which, he or she will post a question for the participants to react to. Â Since the participants are not required to log in and comment at the same time, the research procedure lasts longer, up to a week or more. Â Within this time, respondents may post their comments and interact with other respondents by commenting on their messages. Â During this time, the moderator must also review the messages posted in the virtual bulletin board. Â The setup of Bulletin Board Focus Groups makes it easier

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.740425
Retrieved Text: Bulletin Board is a homogeneous tackable surface material made of primary natural materials consisting of linseed oil, cork, rosin binders and dry pigments mixed and calendared onto a natural jute backing. The uni-color extends throughout the thickness of the material. Bayridge Carpet is a national distributor of Forbo Flooring Systems products featuring Marmoleum.
Bulletin Board is produced from natural and renewable raw materials. A combination of oxidized linseed oil, rosin and finely ground cork gives Bulletin Board its flexibility and resilience. This combination results in a product with exceptional durability & a sustainable footprint. Its strength and resilience make Bulletin Board the ideal material for pin boards, notice boards and all other surfaces where ideas and information are exchanged. The board material retains its grip and doesn’t crumble like traditional soft boards as the pinholes close after extraction of the pins. Bulletin Board does not attract dust and has bacteriostatic properties. This makes it a practical solution in classrooms and a hygienic choice in healthcare environments where ‘get well’ messages can be pinned behind the bed.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.710194
Retrieved Text: zebra bulletin board border home ideas centre petone smart home ideas magazine.
zebra bulletin board border teacher resource dots and stripe 2 sided bulletin board border trim new home ideas center auckland home ideas design.
zebra bulletin board border kids faces bulletin board border home improvement ideas diy home renovation ideas diy.
zebra bulletin board border animal print border zebra stripes border images pictures home ideas centre christchurch home decor ideas magazine.
zebra bulletin board border amazing spring bulletin board ideas home ideas centre parnell auckland smart home ideas magazine.
zebra bulletin board border barker creek bulletin board double sided border red black dots white home ideas philippines magazine home ideas design pictures.
zebra bulletin board border fish bulletin board border home renovation ideas diy home ideas centre petone.
zebra bulletin board border home ideas diy pinterest home ideas design philippines.
zebra bulletin board border white bulletin board paper white paper pinned on cork board stock photo image regarding bulletin board background paper home ideas magazine ph home ideas design philippines.
zebra bulletin board border a zebra holding an empty board vector image home ideas naga home decor ideas philippines.
zebra bulletin board border zebra terrific trimmers classroom border country home ideas magazine home ideas center christchurch.
zebra bulletin board border animal home ideas magazine sioux falls home business ideas philippines 2017.
zebra bulletin board border home ideas sioux falls home ideas centre launceston.
zebra bulletin board border awesome animals alphabet cards bulletin board set home ideas centre southbank home decor ideas magazine.
zebra bulletin board border bulletin board border ideas bulletin board display bulletin board display cheap bulletin board

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.709742
Retrieved Text: 10 awesome Bulletin Board Ideas For Fall to make sure that anyone won’t have to search any further . It’s no statesecret that people are attached to extraordinary recommendations , particularlyfor exclusive event – at this site are definitely 10 exciting Bulletin Board Ideas For Fall!. Get influenced! Discovering a special concepts has rarely ever been easier. We have lots of Bulletin Board Ideas For Fall for anyone to pick. You also can discover manyrelated options in this article!.
Hunting the absolute most informative suggestions in the online world? We keeping it convenient to bringspecial ceremony they’ll always remember. Take alook at unique and innovational plans from specialist and experts!
Related Posts of "10 Unique Bulletin Board Ideas For Fall"

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.65458
Retrieved Text: big bulletin board the blog the kitchen pertaining to big bulletin board designs dream big bulletin board ideas dream big bulletin board ideas huge bulletin board ideas.
silver bangles set sterling silver bangle bracelet set three handmade bangles featuring a circle motif silver bangles set india sterling silver bangles set.
aspen aire aspen aire inc ankeny ia aspen aire decatur tx.
box make oval flap square box pattern box braids for kids box jellyfish australia.
used sink new product used sink bathroom art wash basin sink in lyrics synka.
black and decker power tool workshop related post black decker junior power tool workshop canada black decker junior power tool workshop 50 pieces.
box room iii ii iii 1 4 1 4 iii 1 4 box room ideas guest room standard box room size.
richmond american homes va living dining room lees homes now ailable new richmond american homes vacaville ca richmond american homes vanderbilt ii.
constantcomfort com constant comfort hipster 4 pack 5 assorted fujitsu constantcomfortcom.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.614983
Retrieved Text: The Blepharospasm Bulletin Board is a forum for sharing your thoughts, experiences, and questions about blepharospasm, cranial dystonia (Meige Syndrome) and hemifacial spasm. It is sponsored and moderated by the US-based Benign Essential Blepharospasm Research Foundation (BEBRF).
The Canadian Foundation (BEBCRF), with the help of the American Organization (BEBRF), would like to give its members the opportunity to discuss their specific problems with other BEB patients located around the world. Simply click on the link below and enter the Bulletin Board. Please, make sure that you follow the instructions provided in order to make the best use of the Bulletin Board.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.599237
Retrieved Text: Bulletin Boards & Cork Boards SCHOOLSin Bulletin Boards & Cork Boards at SCHOOLSin . Gemini Colored Cork Boards with Black Vinyl Frame. . recycled rubber bulletin boards and fabric bulletin boards.
black framed cork board : Target Shop for black framed cork board online at Target. . project and display boards . Quartet? Oval Office Fabric Bulletin Board, 48 x 36, Black. add to cart. $17.49 .
Buy Pin boards Cork Board Pins online LIONSHOME Find & Buy Pin boards Cork Board Pins at . fabric pin board. large pin . World Map Poster Contemporary Black & Grey Style Cork Pin Memo Board Black Framed .
Framed cork board Etsy Shop for framed cork board on Etsy, . and White Arrow Fabric Magnetic Board Simple Frame Pin . Cork Board Rustic Solid Wood Frame Black vintage style .
Framed Cork Boards With Burlap Fabric - Bulletin Boards Framed Cork Boards With Burlap Fabric in . or Black or Gold, Anodized Aluminum Frame. Aluminum Framed Burlap Cork Boards are a traditional .
black cork board eBay Find great deals on eBay for black cork board and . cork board black pin board black large cork boards. . World Map In Black & Gold Framed Cork Pin Notice .
Custom Frameless Fabric Wrapped Cork Bulletin Boards . Durable Internal Frame - Optional Ribbon Board With . Custom Fabric Covered Cork Bulletin Boards. . Fabric Wrapped Cork Bulletin Boards; BLACK - Fabric .
fabric notice boards, memo boards, pinboards, childrens . We can source any frame or fabric to make your board unique. We also offer

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.536861
Retrieved Text: Use Your Old Cardboard Box for a Clever Bulletin Board!
I collect trash at times. Sometimes because I always think, OH! I could use that for something!” Other times I collect trash for school projects. In particular, I especially collect small cardboard boxes in which items are mailed to me. One day, I had a brainstorm and the beginning of this bulletin board emerged. Most of the time bulletin board ideas just come to me. In this case I thought of this clever puzzle to put on the board using a box. I used colorful tissue paper to put inside the box and hot glued it inside. Next, I used different fonts of different sizes to make the words “Think” in different colors. I attached these all around. Now, what do you think this bulletin board says?

================



======= Instance Index 25 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do you make raw nuts have more flavor.

Choice 1: Boil the nuts in milk for about 20 minutes while stirring constantly.

Choice 2: Toast the nuts in a skillet for a few minutes while stirring constantly.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.39869
Retrieved Text: All of our packaged products are organic except for our sprouted almonds. Our sprouted almonds are sourced from transitional farms.
What is a transitional farm?
Before a farm can be certified organic by the USDA it cannot apply pesticides on its land for three years. During that “transitional” period the farm may not label its products as organic even though no pesticides have been applied. It is often hard for farmers to sell this crop profitable because it can’t be labelled organic. By purchasing almonds from farmers transitioning to organic we support the creation of additional organic farms that will benefit the health and wellness of our community.
Yes! All products certified USDA organic are required to be non-GMO as part of their certification process. Because our almonds are not organic certified we have them non-GMO verified by the Non-GMO project.
As there is no standard definition of raw we are not currently labelling our products with that term. However, almost all of our products with the exception of our popcorn line are minimally processed, meaning dehydrated at low temperatures.
I used to purchase your cereals and they taste different now?
Yes they do! We recently reformulated our cereal to make it fluffier and crunchier and (we think) tastier. As part of the reformulation we also added probiotics, although this has no impact on flavor or texture. In addition, we also changed some of the flavor names to better represent what they taste like.
What happened to your Gone Nuts line?
Our Gone Nuts line is now called Superfood Nuts. We’ve tweaked some of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.11056
Retrieved Text: Now that smoothie weather is upon us again, I tend to start going through a lot more coconut and nut milk. Homemade nut milks are a great base for refreshing green and fruit smoothies. I posted the recipe for easy Homemade Coconut Milk a while back, and today I am sharing how I make nut milks at home. I keep it really simple. Nuts and water. And my high speed blender and nut milk bag (like this) It’s ridiculously easy. NO wasteful packaging. NO weird additives.
I alternate between using almonds, cashews, and hazelnuts. All 3 make delicious homemade nut milk. This recipe makes one quart of creamy milk. Just soak your nuts the night before, and you are ready to go in the morning. It literally takes 5 minutes. My little one loves to taste the milk right after I make it.
Like I said, I keep it simple. Just the nuts and water. If you prefer more flavor, feel free to add a little sweetener like dates, honey, or maple syrup. Vanilla extract can be nice too. A titch of sea salt can enhance the flavor as well. Use only raw nuts, organic if you can.
You are not going to believe how easy it is to make homemade nut milk!
I’d love to hear from you. Do you make your own nut milks? Do you have a favorite recipe?
Ever since I learned how to make almond milk I rarely buy it. I must soak nuts every 3rd day. The process is so easy and it tastes so

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.9881
Retrieved Text: Toasted nuts boost the nutty flavor of desserts, salads, sauces, and savory main dishes. In this video, you’ll learn how to toast fresh, raw nuts to bring out their natural flavor and aroma. You’ll get two quick methods for toasting nuts; one in the oven, the other in a skillet on the stovetop. We’ll show you how to tell when nuts are toasted to perfection. You’ll see a great trick for removing the skins from toasted hazelnuts. You’ll learn why it’s best to store high fat nuts like cashews in the refrigerator or freezer. Before toasting, take a taste of your almonds, walnuts, cashews, pine nuts, hazelnuts, or pecans to make sure they taste fresh and aren’t off in flavor, particularly if you’ve been storing them for a while.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.444183
Retrieved Text: Eat Nuts and live longer!!
1 cup RAW sprouted almonds* (regular raw almonds will do but I recommend the salted sprouted almonds).
* cashews add a bit of sweetness and creaminess to the almond butter. Use more for sweeter butter. Pure cashew butter can be a bit too sweet and rich, so I stay with using a 1:3 ratio of cashews to almonds.
Place DRY almonds and cashews in a food processor or high powered blender (regular food processors, Nutri-bullets and VitaMix’s all workwell) pulsing as necessary until nuts are completely blended into a course powder. Use the milling blade attachment if using a Nutri-bullet or VitaMix. Be sure not to add oil until nuts are completely blended dry. Add oil and then blend until smooth and creamy. The whole process should not take more than a few minutes.
Great on bananas, rice cakes, crackers, or on sprouted grain bread!
*Sprouted almonds are raw dehydrated almonds. They retain the sweetness and nutrition of a raw nut but have the texture of a roasted nut for great fresh flavor. This worls well for nut butters and snacking. They can be purchased (salted or unsalted) at most organic food markets.
Sprouting involves soaking the nuts for 24 hours causingthem to begin to germinate. The nuts are then removed from the solution andslowly dried at a very low temperature with low humidity. This slow dryingprocess destroys the enzyme inhibitors, releasing the full nutritional contentof the nut and allowing the body's natural enzymes to more easily digest the nuts.
*MCT (Medium ChainTriglycerides Oil) are fats that are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.860369
Retrieved Text: There are lots of reasons you might decide to go raw for awhile. Whatever the reason, I’ve found these amazing paleo raw recipes for you to try—everything from desserts to salads. Keep in mind that you may have to adjust the ingredients depending on how “strict” you are with your raw rules. If you’re looking for uncooked recipes, maple syrup may be fine. But since it’s been heated, some raw foodies will want to replace it with raw honey. It’s up to you! Enjoy these recipes and maybe you’ll find a favorite.
This raw lunch or dinner recipe really is perfect for spring or summer with its bright flavors and colors. You’ll need basil, leafy greens, cashews, garlic, lemon juice, nutritional yeast, salt and pepper, and olive oil. And don’t forget the zucchini and your spiralizer!
This super-easy pie is made with mixed nuts (whatever you like), Medjool dates, ripe bananas, raw cacao powder, sea salt, maple syrup or honey (use raw honey if you’re going strictly raw), and a handful of raw cacao nibs. It’s a sweet and yummy treat that won’t give you a sugar crash.
I love fruit salsas, and strawberry is one of my personal favorites. You’ll need fresh strawberries (the sweeter, the better), red onion, chili pepper, fresh coriander leaves, and a squeeze of fresh lime juice. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste, and wait to add the lime until you’re ready to serve it.
Believe it or not, homemade raw cheesecake can be even smoother and creamier than the real thing. I’m not

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.784605
Retrieved Text: When life gives you 5 lbs of raw walnuts, make butter. Obvi.
My very kind and generous co-worker gifted me with 5 pounds of raw walnuts and I have never been more grateful. As most of you know by now I am just nuts about nuts so having such a large quantity of one of my favorite nuts is just about the greatest gift. I felt like it was my birthday.
Of course my mind started spinning with all the lovely possibilities of having basically and endless supply of walnuts but what I really wanted to do was try and make Nutella because well do you ever need a reason for Nutella?
Nutella is a delicious hazelnut chocolate spread that we grew up eating and there is just nothing like it. So as I was recipe testing and trying to get that Nutella flavor I decided it was the wrong thing to do. There is no way to replicate that magic so I decided to get side tracked and make this delicious Chocolate Sea Salt Walnut Butter instead. Think of it as Nutella’s older more sophisticated cousin. It’s chocolatey and sweet yet still balanced with a salty deep nutty flavor that you will not be able to resist. It’s like Nutella with 2 Masters and a PHD.
Roast your walnuts on a baking sheet in the oven for 15 minutes at 375 degrees, removing every 5 minutes to give them a toss.
Add walnuts + all the rest of the ingredients to a food process and turn on to blend for

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.084179
Retrieved Text: These chocolate covered nut bars are simple to make and they taste so decadent! The bottom portion is made up of a combination of nuts and dates. The top layer is just chocolate and coconut oil! So really, you just need like 4-ish ingredients to make these babies.
I used a combination of walnuts, macadamia nuts and almonds for the base of these bars – but you can use whatever combo of nuts you want (or have in your pantry).
As much as I’d love to have this be a “raw” recipe, it tastes 100 times better after some oven lovin’. Baking the bars gives the nuts a toasty flavor and the heat sort of caramelizes the dates which results in them melting right into the nuts. This is what keeps the bars together so well. If you were to leave the base raw, you’d end up with very crumbly bars. Trust me, baking them is key.
Once they’re out of the oven, you can serve them as is if you want. BUT, adding a thin chocolate layer makes them taste so much more like a dessert. Just melt some chocolate with a little coconut oil then pour it right on top. Put the pan in the fridge until the chocolate hardens – then slice and serve!
These chocolate covered nut bars are picky-husband approved, which hopefully means they’ll be picky-child approved too. Because really, aren’t picky husbands and picky kids kind of the same? (or maybe I have a lot to learn?). Either way, someone in your family is

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.048622
Retrieved Text: You will have willing to read other book after finishing a book, and its continuously. This companion book to the best-sellingPractically Raw provides substitutions throughout for people with food sensitivities. Create-Your-Own Ice Cream is my super-simple formula for dreamy, creamy, customizable homemade ice cream. It depends on your willingnesswhere and where you will read. Because of this book is sold by online, it will ease you notto print t. Explore raw desserts at your own pace, even without special equipment or hard-to-find ingredients.
As the recipes focus on using raw, healthier ingredients, there's no guilt about eating unhealthy food involved. Written by certified raw food chef and nutrition educator, Practically Raw Desserts continues to revolutionize raw food preparation by offering cooked options. She was classically trained in the art of gourmet living cuisine at the world-renowned Matthew Kenney Academy, graduating in 2010 as a certified raw and vegan chef. The recipes are free of dairy, eggs, gluten, wheat, soy, corn, refined grains, refined sugars, yeast, starch, and other nutrient-poor ingredients. This innovative dessert cookbook is filled with recipes for scrumptious raw cakes, cookies, brownies, pies, puddings, candies, pastries, and frozen treats. Many recipes are also free of grains, oils, nuts, and added sugars. In this book, Chef Amber Shea revolutionizes raw desserts with easy substitutions and baking options.
The recipes are free of dairy, eggs, gluten, wheat, soy, corn, refined grains, refined sugars, yeast, starch, and other nutrient-poor ingredients and allow substitutions and variations for a non-raw kitchen. I couldnt do last weeks VeganMonth of food Iron chef

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.039024
Retrieved Text: What's wrong with the average cooking oil on the market?
The cooking oils that you see on most supermarket shelves tend to be highly processed. Udo Erasmus, one of the leading thinkers in the raw foods movement, notes that after oils are pressed or solvent extracted from seeds or nuts, "they are degummed, refined, bleached and deoderized." The result is oils that are colorless, odorless and tasteless. Many valuable ingredients such as antioxidants, phytosterosis, chlorophyll, and flavor and color molecules are removed as well.
Erasmus says that 0.5 to 1 percent of the oil's molecules are damaged by traditional processing techniques, and that some of these damaged molecules have been tested on animals and found very toxic.
Cooking oils are often treated with NaOH (a corrosive base used to open clogged sink and drain pipes), H3PO4 (a corrosive acid used to degrease windows) and beaching clays, which damage the molecules that give oil its color.
You can learn more about the harmful processing techniques involved with traditional supermarket cooking oils at Udo Erasmus's excellent web site.
What makes Rejuvenative Foods' Raw Oils better?
Compared to the way most companies make oils described above, our process is incredibly simple. We simply put fresh raw organic nuts and seeds into our oil press, then immediately put the resulting raw oil into jars and refrigerate. Our raw organic oil temperature never exceeds 90 to 115 degrees F, preventing molecular changes to the nuts or seeds. Our raw organic oils are never refined, processed or added to in any way. What you're getting is the oil

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.550789
Retrieved Text: There is a tantalizing, three-fold experience waiting for your taste buds when you bite into a cashew. You'll detect a sweet, nutty and subtle buttery flavor as you enjoy delicious cashews as a snack. Their amazing flavor combined with their delicate crunch and slightly fruity aroma make cashews a uniquely enjoyable treat.
When you purchase raw cashews 320, you will have chosen a flavorful snack item and versatile recipe ingredient that is an ideal fit for a healthy eating plan. Raw cashews have a high fat content. However, it’s important to note that they offer what is considered to be an agreeable fat ratio which, according to experts, is the ideal fat ratio for optimal health. Raw cashews are also a good source for many vitamins, nutrients and antioxidants that are necessary for good health.
Raw cashews can be a beneficial addition to a wellness plan that includes goals such as maintaining heart, bone, eye, hair, skin and nerve health and cancer prevention.
When you choose a bag of raw cashews as a snack option, you’re actually getting a tasty nut that is lower in fat than many other nut varieties. When eaten in moderation, raw cashews can be part of a weight management diet because they have high energy density and a high amount of fiber. Raw cashews are a cholesterol free food. Adding raw cashews to your diet may help prevent the development of Type 2 Diabetes. Studies have shown that the consumption of raw cashews can reduce the risk of developing gallstones. Another benefit you can

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.512321
Retrieved Text: The recipe of this vibrantly yellow salad may not originate in Italy, but the addition of the Fregola Sarda gives it an Italian twist that I think it deserves the title Italian Cauliflower Salad.
I really love cauliflower, as long as it is not raw. There is something about the taste of raw cauliflower that is way too strong for me. I sometimes eat an entire cauliflower for dinner, nothing else, that’s how much I can enjoy cauliflower. It’s full of vitamins, low in calories, fills the stomach and less change that I snack on something later that evening. I usually grill/roast it or cook it just a few minutes to end up with a cauliflower that is in between raw and fully cooked.
Surely, I have made my share of crudites platters, raw vegetables with dips. A lot of people seem to like raw florets of cauliflower, but I end up eating more dip than cauliflower to mask the bitter flavor of the vegetable. So raw cauliflower is not healthy for me at all – too much dipping.
For this Italian Cauliflower Salad I cooked the cauliflower just a few minutes, and added bay leaves, salt and turmeric to the water for flavor and color. The other ingredients in this salad are fregola sarda; a toasted pasta, similar to couscous. Yellow raisins that are soaked in lemon juice and toasted pine nuts, are added to stay within the yellow cauliflower color spectrum, but they also add a different texture; last but not least chopped parsley is added for

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.447865
Retrieved Text: In Italian, biscotto means twice (bis) cooked (cotto). La Biscotteria's biscotti are faithfully baked twice in the historic tradition of Italy. For the first bake, we shape the dough into a flattened log, the log is then sliced into individual cookies and baked again. La Biscotteria's delicious, hand-crafted biscotti are great alone or the perfect dipping companion to a steaming cup of tea or a "tazza di caffe" in the morning or a savored glass of vin santo after the evening meal. La Biscotteria's biscotti line is baked with essential oils, almonds and the finest European chocolate, our biscotti is sealed with an appetizing aroma, where flavor joins with good nutrition. Our fruity biscotti line (i.e. Raisin + 8 other dried fruits, Cranberry Hazelnut, and Lemon Verbena & Papaya) feature healthy, high anti-oxidant fruits and nuts, along with a great crunch of being twice baked.
Our classic biscotti have no preservatives, no trans-fats, no artificial flavors and no GMO ingredients and are all hand-made, twice baked in the old world tradition. Every package is hand-packed with AMORE and every bite will make you scream for "ancora" (more).
La Biscotteria bakery fresh cello bags are packed by weight, each bag filled with wonderfully crunchy biscottini. Our one pound (16 oz.) cello bag contains thirty to forty 3" biscottini depending on variety (chocolate dipped contain less biscottini). Our half pound (8 oz.) has fifteen to twenty 3" biscottini depending on variety (chocolate dipped contain less biscottini). All varieties contain whole California almonds (no almonds are baked into these flavors: Cranberry

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.416119
Retrieved Text: When a recipe calls for almonds, it may list a type that you don't have on hand and you may wonder what measurements are equivalents. Almonds come unshelled, shelled whole, sliced, chopped, slivered, ground, flaked, almond flour, and in almond extract. Recipes can also call for unfamiliar measures, such as ounces or grams when you don't have a scale handy and would prefer to use cup measures.
If you have an allergy or dislike for almonds, learn what you can substitute, including substitutions that are not nuts.
You shouldn't need to make a measurement conversion if you are substituting raw, blanched, or toasted almonds. You can use them measure for measure. However, there could be a difference in the taste and consistency. If you are using almonds in breads or muffins, you'll find that toasting the almonds first not only brings out the wonderful flavor, but it will also keep them from sinking into the batter.
If you are grinding your own almonds for ground almonds, you may need to check the yield that you get, as it can vary with the amount of processing you do.
Almonds are often used to add crunch and texture as well as flavor. The best stand-ins for almonds that are nuts are hazelnuts, Brazil nuts, cashews, and unsalted pistachios. It's best to substitute those with the same sort of texture (such as sliced for sliced, chopped for chopped).
If you are substituting due to a nut allergy, consider using unsalted pumpkin for sunflower seeds, crisp rice cereal, granola (without nuts), or oatmeal. These will

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.392664
Retrieved Text: Even though I get a lot of questions about cashew-free dessert alternatives, I normally love my cashews and work with them plenty. This pistachio cake didn’t happen because I was trying to avoid cashews, but precisely because pistachios are one of the most satisfying (and prettiest) little nuts, and I wanted to highlight them in this dessert.
Wouldn’t you say that that’s true? :) Pistachios are so vibrant and beautifully adorned, and in turn beautifully adorn many-a-treat. That, and they’re delicious, which helps a great deal. Yep, if you ever handed me a bag of pistachios, I’d definitely do a good happy dance.
This cake is really lovely — very simple, but the flavor of the pistachios comes through nicely. And the color they lend to the filling is also very gentle and pretty in real life.
But I sort of enjoyed it as a slice. I don’t know if it’s psychological, but cake feels a little more like a special occasion thing. A slice feels a lot more up to snuff when it comes to a mid-week treat, wouldn’t you say?
Quick note: this recipe is for a smaller cake. See downloadable size guide below to help you size the recipe up if needed.
Simple, cashew-free raw vegan cheesecake slice, made with mild sweet pistachios. Gluten-free, rich, delicious dessert with a gorgeous green color. No dairy.
Process all crust ingredients in a food processor into a sticky crumbly mixture. Transfer into a small parchment-lined tupperware container (I used one that’s 3″ x 5.5″) or a 5″ springform pan and press down

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.327663
Retrieved Text: I say “raw chocolate” because when you are eating 80% raw vegan, raw cacao powder is the only way to go…and besides, I prefer it! It is full of antioxidants and vitamins! So this is what I use for any and all chocolate flavored delights!
Because of the neutral flavor and texture of cashew nuts, they make the perfect base for any raw frosting or cream. You can play around wit h variations and actually come up with some really great ones! The sky is the limit on this one baby!
Optional: 1 tbsp maca powder if you want a chocolate butterschotchy flavor!
Use as a frosting on a beautiful raw cake, or eat on its own! This will store in the fridge for several days!
Wow! Just found this site and I am in heaven! Thank you for your wonderful creations!
Is it 2 Tablespoons cacao powder?
Ali, yes, it is! I just corrected it, so sorry for the typo, thanks for catching that!
Should the water that the cashews have been soaked in be discarded???
Hi there, and sorry for the delayed reply! Great question, and yes the water should be discarded. This is because the tannins in the nuts will now be in the water, and these are not good for you to consume. So go ahead and throw that water away!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.266481
Retrieved Text: Learn how to master Valrhona’s delicious DULCEY® Chocolate Blondie with PRALINÉ Sauce – An Original recipe from l’École Valrhona!
300g of 50% Almond & Hazelnut PRALINÉ: this PRALINÉ paste will take your recipe to the next level and is sure to ‘wow’ your family and friends!
Exclusive Recipe Card, including baking tips and suggestions for using PRALINÉ in other recipes.
Valrhona is renowned for sourcing the world’s best cocoa beans, and that same care is taken in selecting and inspecting the nuts used to make our PRALINÉ. Valrhona prioritizes excellence in flavor along with absolute consistency in the quality of the nuts.
For over 90 years, Valrhona has been using the same recipe to create its exceptional PRALINÉ pastes. Slightly sweet and sugary caramel notes preserve the flavor of Valencia Almonds and Roman Hazelnuts.
To start, raw nuts and sugar cook together. This process, the ‘Chouchou’ cooking method, enhances the flavors of the nuts. The roasted nuts are then added to caramel. This process is a Valrhona signature and produces an unforgettable, intense caramelized PRALINÉ flavor.
This Product May Contain Traced Of Nuts, Milk And Egg Proteins, Gluten And Peanut.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.05437
Retrieved Text: Pistachios have a unique shape and texture. One of their most distinguishable characteristics is their green color which can be seen once they are shelled. Their flavor is distinctive and typically easily detected when used as an ingredient in main dishes, desserts and confections. It's sweet, nutty and fruity flavor makes it a delightful experience for the taste buds.
Raw pistachios are high in antioxidants. They are a good source of protein, fats and minerals. Raw pistachio nuts are a rich source of energy. They are an excellent source of phosphorous which is known to help prevent diabetes and improve glucose tolerance. Opting for a bag of raw pistachios over a less healthy snack can be beneficial to your immune system as well as your heart and eye health.
Raw pistachios have almost no sodium or cholesterol. They contain more potassium than most other nuts. Eating raw pistachio nuts can boost your immune system and help fight infection.
You can eat pistachios raw as a snack or roast and crush them to use in a variety of recipes. Raw pistachios help reduce bad cholesterol (LDL) and increase good cholesterol (HDL). They have a high quantity of B6 that increases oxygen quantity in the blood which is beneficial to the haemoglobin. Raw pistachios contain Lutein and Zeaxanthin, two antioxidants that help prevent macular degeneration. These nuts are beneficial in improving brain health. They contain vitamin E which helps maintain healthy skin. They are also a beneficial source of the fatty acids that help maintain healthy hair, stimulate hair growth and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.963537
Retrieved Text: It's about that time, the time to make all your dreams come true. Our Homemade Almond Butter also known as Dream Butter is ready to be made and enjoyed nationwide. What makes this nut butter so dreamy you ask? Well, the combination of roasted almonds and fatty cashews, and rich cocoa powder create the perfect harmony of flavors. Don't believe us? Take 30 minutes out of your day to make this nut butter and let all your dreams come true!
Now You Know How To Make Almond Butter!
If you don't have time to watch the video of Matt making the almond butter above, I'll let you know that making almond butter takes less than one minute to learn. All you have to do is roast your raw nuts and process for 3-5 minutes, adding whatever additions, such as cinnamon or coconut oil, that you want. To be honest, you don't even have to roast the nuts. You can add them straight to the processor and let your food processor do all the work for you. We find, however, that roasting them add an intense, delicious flavor to the final product!
​It's hard to believe we both have gone over 20 years without making our own nut butters. It is one of the easiest and best bang for your buck recipes we've made. Not only does the flavor enhance ten fold when you are roasting and processing your own nut butter, but you also get to have control of the fat to carb ratio! Homemade nut butters are truly

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.959824
Retrieved Text: First, grind some garlic and salt into a paste with a mortar and pestle. This releases the full fury of raw garlic’s real flavor. Fair warning: this is some strong medicine, and I mean that literally. To that we add some kind of nuts. Walnuts give you a gorgeous, buttery flavor and texture, and pair beautifully with the aromatic, bittersweet parsley.
Finish to taste with lemon juice and/or vinegar, and olive oil. Loosen with a little water if desired, and season generously with salt. That’s pretty much it. Feel free to add cheese, but I like to keep this as is. It has the flavor and mouthfeel of a rich butter spread, and I think the cheese would get in the way.
You shouldn’t need any cayenne pepper, since raw garlic prepared in this manner is surprisingly hot, but as usual, that’s up to you. I really hope you give this ancient raw sauce a try soon. Enjoy!
Hmmm.... I wonder about a variation with walnut oil?
“pesto” is not a recipe, but a technique.
Marcella Hazan beg to differ.
You are the c'est aux of your pesto.
Okay but really, I have a lot of pistachios and pecans, I may give this a try. Other more traditional pestos I've made require much more oil. I assume you use non roasted nuts since they have higher oil content?
where do you find freakishly small spoons ?
Hello from Greece,congrats for your blog!!!This pesto goes very well with fried fish in batter and u can use soaked and then squeezed ,bread in water added to all

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.840694
Retrieved Text: They may be small but nuts sure know how to pack a nutritional punch! As well as being delicious they’re a compact carrier of substantial nutrients, such as fiber, protein, and are a convenient source of energy.
Nuts contain heart-healthy mono and polyunsaturated fats including essential omega 3 fatty acid, vitamins such as B and E, minerals such as calcium, iron, zinc, potassium and magnesium, and antioxidant types such as selenium, manganese and copper.
However, it is important that to unlock the full goodness of raw nuts we recommend you soak the nuts before consumption. Raw nuts and seeds contain natural substances that are unable to be digested or interfere in the digestive process of the human body. Most nuts and seeds contain enzyme inhibitors which are essential in protecting the nuts during their growth, however when ingested by humans they interfere with the bodies own digestive enzymes, rendering them dysfunctional.
The other major substance of concern is phytic acid, which is present in the shells or husks of most nuts and seeds. When consumed, phytic acid interferes with the body’s ability to break down and digest food, therefore the body becomes unable to reap the full nutritional value of the food. By soaking the nuts and seeds in water, the enzyme inhibitors are neutralized and other incompatible compounds are released. That’s why, soaking nuts and seeds makes them easier to digest and improves the flavor.
Nuts and dried fruits such as dates, figs, apricots, raisins or cranberries are a match made in snack heaven! Power bars and bliss balls

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.825851
Retrieved Text: Living with diabetes may sometimes make you feel like you are missing most of the goodness food have to offer, with recipes usually containing bland, tasteless ingredients. It won\’t need to be the way it is! The biggest thing is eating a normal, balanced diet designed to conserve a steady blood glucose levels level. Well, what happens, Smoothies can definitely engage in your diet!
Whether you\’ve Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes, it is essential to make use of a doctor or nutritionist to generate a proper diet. Dealing with diabetes concerns managing what, when and how much you consume, because these all contribute to your blood sugar level.
Superfoods for diabetics are the ones which have a low-glycemic index rating and contain significant nutrient elements like calcium, magnesium, potassium, fiber and vitamins A, C, and E.
Berries C Just about any berries, including blueberries, blackberries, raspberries, and strawberries are a wonderful addition for a diabetic diet while they have a low list. Also, they are set with other beneficial nutrients and fiber.
Citrus C Fruits just like oranges, lemons, grapefruits, and limes are good options citrus and vitamins. Whole fruits are a better option, rather than juices to gain the use of their high fiber content.
Green, leafy vegetables C The darker colour, more suitable. Spinach and Kale are amazing selections for your smoothie as they quite simply give a mild flavor which you can mask with many other ingredients. They may be super foods for anyone, diabetic or not.
Nuts and natural nut butters C Nuts including almonds, peanuts, along

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.748966
Retrieved Text: OH! I am SO EXCITED to bring you guys Polynesian Pili Nuts!!! These are TRULY an awesome nut that has risen to my favorite nut on the planet next to the almond. These Pili Nuts are SO FRESH that they will literally MELT in your mouth! Bringing these Pili Nuts to the Raw Foods market is HUGE, because Raw Foodies everywhere, will get to ENHANCE their elixirs, smoothies and other magical creations to a new level like never before. We’ve been making smoothies and shakes with them, which gives it such a richness, creamyness, smoothness, buttery flavor and it has such a delicate flavor. These Pili Nuts are TRULY a delicacy!
I personally love to chew and eat the skin off and then eat the creamy wet center. It practically tastes like Cheese! I am excited to make a nut butter out of it for the first time and I am confident that it will be very easy due to its high oil content.
Pili nuts have the HIGHEST oil content compared to any other nut known on the planet. It is also the nut with the highest amount of Magnesium and Vitamin E known to man!!! There are many other bio-available minerals and other key nutrients that Pili Nuts are rich in, including… calcium, phosphorus, potassium, B Vitamins, Omega Fatty Acids and protein. It actually contains all 8 essential amino acids.
The Pili Nut is an exotic delicious kernel from an evergreen self sustainable tree that is grown on islands where there is tropical or subtropical climate. Raw,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.710253
Retrieved Text: Raw Meal Ideas - Portland Juice Co.
For the DIY Detox, it’s important to get in a raw meal of your choice each day, either lunch or dinner. This is to ensure you get your daily recommended amount of calories, and that you don’t get low on energy. Check out these recipes for some raw, tasty inspiration for your meals during your cleanse!
Big ol’ Salad Add as many raw toppings as you’d like, including raw seeds, nuts, chopped fruit/veggies, chia/flax seeds, and don’t forget to make sure the dressing is raw!
Raw Zucchini Pasta Just spiralize your zucchini and throw on a dressing/sauce of your choice! Spiralize daikon radish or beet to add extra flavor and texture to your noodles.
Raw Wrap Use collard greens as a wrap and fill it with some raw love! Make a chunky avocado + cucumber salsa, throw on some spinach and viola! Get creative with this one!
Mono Meal Try eating an entire meal of just watermelon, or just oranges. Yes, you will have to eat a lot of that one thing, but your digestive system will just have one thing to digest, and your entire system will thank you for all the raw goodness.
Raw Tacos Believe it or not, these are easier to make than real tacos. Just make your meat with some mixed nuts, food processed with some oil and spices, make a salsa and throw it all on a chard leaf and there it is!
Raw Sushi Choose raw nori or zucchini strips as to hold everything together, and have fun with

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.68912
Retrieved Text: That dream where you found the perfectly sliced almond nuts to coat your German Chocolate cake wasn’t a dream at all. It turns out that it was more like a premonition so you’d save some time attempting to cut them yourself. Now all you have to do is open the five-pound bag and gently line the frosting with the brown-edged, white slivers, and let guests enjoy. Be sure to wrap the rest up tightly to keep the crunchy fresh flavor. Oh but who are we kidding? You’ll probably be diving back in for a vitamin, mineral, and protein dense treat. Happy baking and snacking!
Bag contains 5 pounds of Sliced and Natural Raw Almond Nuts.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.677277
Retrieved Text: Cody Gallagher, Ferris west side coffee shop Barista, concocts all the Ferris coffee shop's specialty drinks. You could say he is a sort of coffee mixologist! He has been experimenting with non-dairy milks for some time now. He noticed that many milk alternatives in the marketplace lack nutritional value and do not steam well for a latte. This is what motivated him to experiment with a healthy and steam-able plant based milk.
All raw nuts that he uses come from our retail shop. He usually blends several types of nuts into one milk. This makes the milk more complex, and not just one single flavor profile. Cody has discovered that each nut has unique components that when combined, lend to a chemistry and taste on par with dairy milk. Below are qualities of some of the nuts he uses and what each contributes to the milk.
Macadamias - Fatty and buttery.
Cashews - Fatty and natural sweetness.
Brazils - Mild tones, slight dryness, full body, creamy.
Almonds - Neutral flavor to mix into other nut milks. Consistent base.
His recipe is 145g of nuts to 1000g of water. He recommends using a base of almonds for texture consistency and neutral flavor. Usually he will add 1-2 figs for natural sweetness. The nuts must soak for 8-12 hours. After this, they are blended with water and strained.
Most people use a cheesecloth to strain the milk. However, Cody suggests using a “mash bag” that beer brewers use to strain their mash because it isn’t as coarse as cheese cloth. The milk is immediately drinkable

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.572296
Retrieved Text: During the low-fat craze of the late 80s and early 90s, nuts were villainized in popular culture as being a cause of obesity and heart disease.
Nuts are high in calories which is a big reason a lot of people fear them, but guess what? Counting calories is no longer effective. We now know that it’s all about quality over quantity and the calories in nuts come from high-quality fat that is crucial for all organs to function properly, especially the brain. If you want to maintain sharp focus on energy, eat your nuts.
Nuts are nutritional powerhouses that offer tons of incredible health benefits. Unless you have a nut allergy, there’s no reason to not enjoy them as part of a balanced diet!
Ready to learn how to maximize your health through conscious, delicious nut choices? What will it be, raw, roasted, or soaked? In pesto, a sweet spread, or straight up? Read on to learn about our favorite nuts and how you can enjoy them.
Almonds. Almonds are one of the most popular healthy snacks around the IIN office, and for good reason. Studies have proven that they lower LDL cholesterol (the bad kind) and protect heart health.
They’re also high in magnesium, which improves digestion and circulation. Almonds are a true superfood – the benefits discussed here are just the tip of the iceberg.
Our favorite way to enjoy almonds is in the form of creamy, rich almond milk. To make your own, simply soak your almonds in filtered water on the countertop overnight, discard the soaking water, and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.437752
Retrieved Text: Are you currently starting your journey to weight loss and fitness? If so, you’ve probably seen a lot of diet plans with nuts in it. If you’re not a big fan of nuts, now’s probably the right time to stock up on these precious seeds.
If you don’t have enough time to get a decent meal, it’s always best to have some healthy goodies with your to avoid binge eating and craving for something unhealthy. This includes raw nuts and other healthy seeds that could serve as a substitute for your own meal.
Nuts are rich in protein and fiber. Nuts have a lot of nutrients in them including high levels of mono and polyunsaturated fats, making them a good snack for those who want to lower their cholesterol levels. There are a variety of nuts out there that are also rich in omega-3 fatty acids which can be beneficial to the nervous system and reduces inflammation at the same time.
Nuts are rich in vitamins and minerals. These healthy snacks are also rich in antioxidants including manganese, selenium, vitamin E and more. According to studies, antioxidants are known to fight damage against free radicals, eventually protecting the body from cancer.
Nuts keep you full. Since nuts are rich in fiber, they can make you full and satisfied during the day. This causes you to eat less calories in the long run, eventually helping you lose weight. Keep in mind that having a low-calorie diet makes you hungry from time to time—that’s why snacking on nuts may be the best

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.42053
Retrieved Text: For sure, @TFD is correct that you should be wary of Wikihow - in the link you shared, the proportions of ingredients listed at the top don't appear to match the actual amounts of ingredients shown in …... I love this Homemade Peanut Butter recipe because you use regular store-bought roasted salted peanuts so it has an extra punch of flavor from the already roasted and seasoned nuts. If you prefer less salt, you can buy unsalted peanuts and then salt your peanut butter to taste. Also, this nut butter recipe works using any nuts, so go nuts (pun intended).
Cooking chicken in peanut oil lends a new and interesting flavor and a healthy twist to an old favorite. Pour enough peanut oil into a skillet to cover the bottom … how to become an occupational therapist assistant in canada 26/10/2009 · Best Answer: put raw peanut$, in shell or shelled, one layer deep in a shallow baking pan. Roast in a 350° F. - 15 to 20 minutes for shelled and 20 to 25 minutes for in shell peanuts.
No Bake Peanut Butter Balls are such a fun way to surprise your neighbors during the holidays and can be packaged up in such fun ways to make the presentation just as amazing as the peanut butter balls. how to cook peri peri chicken in oven This is also a great recipe to make with kids. Very few steps are involved and they’ll definitely have something to look forward to. Be careful, though because these are SUPER rich

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.40216
Retrieved Text: Mix together the strawberries, peaches, and blueberries in a medium bowl. Using a thread or a bread knife, slice the cooled cake in half horizontally. Spread the mixed fruit across the bottom half of the cake, pour any fruit juice over the berries to moisten the cake. Spread the cream filling over the top of the fruit. Top with the other half of the cake. Frost the cake �... 8/12/2017�� How to make eggless christmas fruit cake. 1. Using a good spice mix to make the fruit cake is very important as it enhances the flavor. I have used homemade spice powder using cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves.
The mixture of fruits and nuts helps make it a tasty treat. �Allene Spence, Delbarton, West Virginia �Allene Spence, Delbarton, West Virginia This is my own fruitcake recipe and it's a family favorite.... This Raw Vegan Fruit Cake is a delicious alternative to traditional baked Christmas cake. It is dense with dried fruit and nuts, rich, moist and has the most amazing soft, chewy and crunchy texture. It is dense with dried fruit and nuts, rich, moist and has the most amazing soft, chewy and crunchy texture.
8/12/2017�� How to make eggless christmas fruit cake. 1. Using a good spice mix to make the fruit cake is very important as it enhances the flavor. I have used homemade spice powder using cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves.... Fresh fruit baked into cakes provides a nice contrast of taste and texture, but figuring out how to get the fruit to distribute itself evenly throughout

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.29415
Retrieved Text: Our (ahem) soup-to-nuts guide provides kitchen wisdom about some of the most nutritious and versatile foods you'll find, including ideas for how to smoke, crumble, grind, pickle, candy, milk, slow cook, toast, pulverize, and fry them. Maybe we've all gone nuts, but from the mid-1990s to the mid-2000s, U.S. nut consumption increased by 45% It makes sense: Americans are choosing more plant-based proteins and reaching for healthier snacks. But nuts aren't cheap, so it pays to treat them right. Milk them, literally and figuratively, for all they're worth. Now get cracking!
If you look up a recipe for DIY smokehouse nuts, you'll find that a good chunk of them involve dousing nuts with liquid smoke and baking them in the oven. Our method gives you real woodsmoke flavor instead. Settle in: It takes about 45 minutes for smoky flavor to infuse the firm, dense nuts—but patience gives a bacon(ish)-flavored reward. Your outdoor grill or smoker takes care of the heavy lifting; all you have to do is prepare the wood as specified for your smoker (try hickory or mesquite) and position the nuts over an area with indirect heat. You can give them a stir once or twice, but it's not necessary. For the best flavor and texture, let them cool completely before eating.
When you transform nuts into crumbs, they can be used as a substitute for traditional wheat breadcrumbs in breading. Crumbled nuts add more earthy flavor than plain breadcrumbs and achieve superior crispness without getting soggy. Recipe developer Robin Bashinsky, our resident nut whisperer, crushes

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To prepare carrots before cooking with them, you can

Choice 1: Run them in the sink under boiling water

Choice 2: Run them in the sink under cold water

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.07621
Retrieved Text: If you like Korean carrots, then you will love the appetizer – Korean squid. The original taste and bright appearance of this snack makes it suitable as a snack on a festive table. Squid in Korean style at home is very simple to cook, the main thing is to choose a delicious recipe. Korean-style squid recipes can be divided into two categories – Korean-marinated squid in marinade without carrots and Korean-style squid with carrots.
Today I want to offer you my step-by-step recipe for squid in Korean, which will include carrots. In preparing this spicy snack, it takes me no more than 30 minutes of time.
Cooking squid in Korean begins with boiling them. Clean squid carcasses from film. Boil water in a small saucepan. Salt it. Dip squid in water for 2-3 minutes. I do not recommend keeping it longer, since squid meat after a longer cooking will be hard and rubbery. We do not need it. On the expiration of this time lay out squids skimmer and put to cool. After cooling, cut them along the ringlets. After that, fold the calamari rings and cut them. Thus, you will get half rings of squid.
Since we cook Korean squid with carrots, now we’ll fill the carrots. Washed and peeled carrots rub on a grated Korean carrot.
In a bowl of carrots, skip the garlic through the press.
Sprinkle carrots with paprika, dry adika, spices for Korean carrots, and turmeric.
To make the carrot juicy and not fresh, pour it with sunflower or olive oil.
Transfer to it boiled squid.
Squid with carrots

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.033705
Retrieved Text: Carrots contain many different vitamins that are necessary for our skin and eyes. Nevertheless, many people do not know how to cook carrots, except how to add it to salads. If this is your case, try to prepare these four delicious recipes, each of which uses carrots.
Mix all the ingredients needed to prepare the dough. Mix it with your hands until the dough becomes smooth and elastic. Cover the dough and put it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes. Peel the onions and cut into small pieces, and do the same with leeks, carrots and pumpkins. Place them in a frying pan along with olive oil and sea salt. Fry them until they are cooked and pull them out of the frying pan. Mix them with both cheeses. Preheat the oven to 180 degrees Celsius and cover the pastry with baking paper.
Roll the dough on a floury surface until it becomes very thin. Sprinkle a little crumbs of crackers on the dough, and then lay out the future stuffing. It’s okay if when folding a little of the filling will remain outside.
Carefully fold your cake, trying not to break it and break it. Sprinkle the curled pastel with sesame seeds and bake until golden brown.
Creamy soup of carrot and pumpkin.
This is a delicious soup recipe of Spanish origin.
Peel the carrots and cut into small cubes, chop the pumpkin.
Put the crushed carrots and pumpkin in a saucepan with water and salt and cook over low heat.
Grate the cooked carrots and pumpkin until smooth. Put parmesan cheese

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.8173
Retrieved Text: Baked Garlic Butter Carrots are so easy to make and delicious! I often buy a stick of garlic butter to save some time and make this recipe even easier and a little faster! These carrots are absolutely delicious!
We are carrot people! We love them and eat them regularly. These Baked Garlic Butter Carrots are definitely a favorite around here! My husband ate buttered carrots growing up and prefers this recipe to plain old butter!
These Baked Garlic Butter Carrots are so easy to make too! Mix, toss and bake! Recipes do not get any better than this! I throw these carrots into the oven while I am cooking chicken or another main course and they are usually finished around the exact same time!
For those of you that love carrots like we do and are looking for some other ideas besides these Baked Garlic Butter Carrots, I have listed some other recipes below for you to check out! We make them all regularly.
As I mentioned, you can just buy a stick of garlic butter, melt it, toss with the carrots and throw the carrots right into the oven! You will save yourself a bit of time and the carrots will still taste so good!
We made a video for you to check out! I really hope you do. These Baked Garlic Butter Carrots are definitely worth a moment of you time!
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees. Prepare an oven safe casserole dish with cooking spray and set aside.
In a small bowl combine butter, garlic, pepper and parsley. Melt mixture

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.368168
Retrieved Text: Why Use Dried Carrot Flakes?
Say goodbye to those limp carrot sticks in your refrigerator drawer and hello to premium dehydrated diced carrots! Experience the convenience of having their fresh carrot flavor always at your fingertips. No more endless chopping to create that perfect stew! The vivid orange hue of dried carrot chips is appealing to the eye and good for them too!
Getting your kids to eat their veggies has never been so easy! The next time you're making mashed potatoes, cook some dried carrot flakes and add them to the potatoes before mashing. The vibrant orange tint and sweet carrot flavor of these dried chips adds a unique variance to an everyday dish! Get creative and try other dehydrated veggies to create the color of your desire.
Dehydrated carrot chips can be used to replace fresh carrots in most recipes. Carrot cake anyone? Expand your cooking options by trying some of our other dehydrated vegetables. Dehydrated peppers, dehydrated celery, dehydrated potatoes, and dehydrated onions, just to name a few, will help you prepare those restaurant quality meals in no time. Give 'em a try and you'll be rooting for them too!
Not only are our dried carrots dices bursting full of beta-carotene, but dried carrot flakes are also full of many other nutrients important for optimal health. Whether you're a busy mom, an elderly grandparent, or an avid hiker, dehydrated carrots are here to make your cooking experience easy without sacrificing nutrition or taste.
Polly won't be asking for crackers once she discovers the yummy taste of dehydrated carrot

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.232338
Retrieved Text: This is an incredibly easy salad to prepare. All the ingredients are there to enhance the natural flavour of the carrot, so you need to have the best possible carrots: juicy, sweet and flavoursome. The type, size and shape of the carrot are secondary to the flavour, so make sure you taste a little piece of carrot before going any further.
Start by preparing your carrots, which for this recipe means doing as little as possible to them. If you are using baby carrots, perhaps just gently scrape off the skin and leave them whole; if you are using great big carrots, then they may need to be peeled and cut into pieces—the decision is up to you.
Bring a saucepan of water to a rolling boil and add a good pinch of salt and the same amount of sugar, then add the carrots and cook them for the briefest time possible—they must still be wonderfully sweet and crunchy. When they are cooked to your liking, lift them out of the water and plunge into iced water to stop the cooking process. As soon as they are cool, drain, then put them in a large bowl.
In a separate bowl, add the coriander seeds, rosemary, chilli, verjuice and olive oil and gently whisk to combine the flavours. Add some salt and ground black pepper and taste again. Pour the dressing over the carrots and toss them together really well, then let them sit for at least an hour. Taste them again before serving to see if you need to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.775595
Retrieved Text: I made this wonderful Spring Pickle at (f)routeland at the Docklands. The recipe comes from http://cindystarblog.blogspot.it/2013/10/verdure-in-agro-ma-anche-sottolio.html via the facebook page of Home -Make-It. The wine gives the pickle a lovely mild flavour less vinergary than most.
In a saucepan combine vinegar, wine, sugar, garlic, some pepper and juniper berries, two or three cloves and a couple of teaspoons of salt. Bring to the boil and simmer over low heat 5 minutes, to flavour the mixture.
Meanwhile prepare the vegetables : cut cauliflower into florets , peel carrots and cut into sticks, onions into four wedges, slice tomatoes.
Blanch the vegetables, one type at a time and starting with the lighter ones (cauliflower – tomatoes – peppers – carrots – onions), just for a minute: drain and place them on a clean cloth to dry quickly.
Pass the cooking liquid through a sieve and leave to cool.
In the jar: place a little of the cooking liquid (or extra virgin olive oil) on the bottom of the pot, arrange the vegetables in layers, gently pressing them with your hands, adding always a little cooking liquid. If you like, add a few fresh bay leaves.
When the jar is full, beat gently on the work surface so that the liquid fills every space. If you see air bubbles, move the vegetables along using a long wooden stick.
Before you close the jar with the lid, you can place the traditional plastic ring clip to keep the vegetables compact.
Wrap the jars in kitchen cloths, place in a big pot, cover with cold water (at least 5

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.615253
Retrieved Text: What You Should Do Before and After Cooking The method of food preparation is referred to as cooking. Usually, heat must be employed. Meals are prepared in homes, restaurants, hotels and other food establishments areas. You will require different ingredients to prepare different types of meals. Although there are chefs who are professional in the field of cooking, you can as well prepare meals on your own. Depending on the skills of a person, they will prepare meals different from the other. This is attributed to the fact that each will employ the use of different techniques and tactics. Cooking methods are also different. For example there is steaming, roasting, smoking, boiling, baking, drying and deep frying. You will use the most suitable method depending on the nature of the food. To make cooking successful, whether you are a chef or a common person, you must require basic things. These things will be found in this article. First things first, prepare ahead of time. People cook at different times. You may be required to cook breakfast, lunch or dinner. The meal you are supposed to prepare should guide you on the ingredients you should note down. If these ingredients are not found in the house, get them from the market. The number of people you are including in your meal should be at the back of your head. This will help you get the right number of ingredients. Never cook little food that won’t be enough or too much that will result to wastage. Ensure that

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.23494
Retrieved Text: If there was ever a list made of my favorite vegetables, then the top rank would belong without a doubt to the humble carrot. My mother says that I used to nibble on carrots like a rabbit when I was a baby and even if there is nothing else to eat in the house, I'm happy with a couple of grated carrots and a little vinaigrette. They are a true workhorse in my kitchen, delicious in everything from soups and salads to stir-fries and carrot cakes. Their bright orange color always cheers me up. They contain tons of vitamin A which is great for your eyesight. Oh, just stop reading this post now and eat a carrot!
I've chosen to highlight a simple Turkish recipe today: "yoğurtlu havuç salatası" which translates as carrot salad with yogurt. Consisting of grated carrots slowly cooked in fragrant olive oil with garlic and mixed with walnuts and yogurt, it's a homey recipe that I usually prepare to use up extra yogurt before it goes bad. Similar preparations can be found on tables all across Turkey. I learnt my version from my mom and that, more than anything else, makes this comfort food at its finest.
Don't worry if you hate the mushy texture of well-cooked carrots. This recipe avoids the sin of cooking them to death. Whole milk yogurt will give the richest taste but even non-fat will do in a pinch. Whatever you do, do not use the packages of pre-shredded carrots from the grocery store. Those have been sitting there

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.153994
Retrieved Text: Line the bottom of a 13 X 9 inch baking dish (sprayed with nonstick cooking spray) with ravioli. Distributed asparagus and spinach then layer yellow squash on top. Layer the rest of the ravioli on top. Pour white sauce over top. Sprinkle with shredded cheese. Cover and bake at 350 degrees F for about and hour. Let sit about 5 minutes and serve.
THIS IS SO EASY AND A GREAT MEAL TO TAKE THE DAMP OUT OF A RAINY, COOL SUMMER DAY! SERVED WITH CORN ON THE COB AND A FRESH SALAD!
I CALL THIS SALAD SUNDAE BECAUSE IT IS MORE LIKE A DESERT THAN A SALAD!
SERVE WITH GRILLED FISH, CHICKEN, PORK OR STEAK!
A healthy breakfast is important for everyone to give you energy to start the day and get your metabolism going. Get the morning nutrition you need with these quick breakfast ideas.
• Make instant oatmeal with low-fat milk instead of water. Toss in raisins or dried cranberries and chopped walnuts.
• Layer low-fat plain yogurt with your favorite crunchy cereal and blueberries.
• Blend a breakfast smoothie with low-fat milk, frozen strawberries and a banana.
• Make one packet of microwave oatmeal with low-fat milk. Mix in 1/4 cup unsweetened applesauce. Sprinkle with apple pie spice or cinnamon.
• Top a toaster waffle with low-fat yogurt and peach slices.
• Stuff a whole-wheat pita with a sliced, hard-cooked egg and low-fat shredded cheese.
• Spread a flour tortilla with peanut butter. Add a whole banana and roll it up.
• Spread low-fat cream cheese on a whole-grain toasted bagel. Top with sliced strawberries.
•

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.108822
Retrieved Text: A healthy and beautiful side dish that works well with a wide range of grilled dishes.
Peel the beetroots, pat them dry, then cut them roughly into 2 cm cubes.
Peel and crush all the garlic cloves.
Rinse the sprig of thyme.
Prepare the barbecue for direct heat – 180°C. Using a charcoal barbecue you will need 1/3 of a chimney starter of lit Weber briquettes.
Place the wok on the GBS Cooking Grate, put the lid on the barbecue and let the wok heat up for 5-8 min.
Pour oil into the wok, then add the beetroots. Add the garlic. Stir-fry the beetroots until tender – using the lid but remembering to stir often.
Add the thyme sprig and the two types of vinegar when there is 5 min. of cooking time left. Season with salt and pepper to taste before serving.
Tip: You can also use other root vegetables, like parsnips, root parsley or carrots. If you don’t have a cast-iron wok for the barbecue, you can also bake the beetroots in aluminium foil. Just put all of the ingredients on a piece of foil and make small packages of this – then add the two types of vinegar and put the packages on the barbecue.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.05738
Retrieved Text: Blanching carrots brings out the best in their vibrant color and flavor. It's commonly done to take the raw edge off of carrots that will be served in a salad, and it's also a good way to prepare carrots for freezing. Just follow these steps to transform ordinary carrots into a delicious side dish!
Wash the carrots. Rinse them thoroughly under running water to remove dirt and other debris.
Peel the carrots. Use a vegetable peeler to peel the outer skin. This will improve the taste and texture of the blanched carrots, and make them look more appealing.
Slice the carrots. Carrots will blanch more quickly and have an improved texture if you cut them into smaller pieces. This helps them cook evenly and prevents you from having to cook them too long. Chop off the root end and trim any bruised areas, then slice the carrots into smaller pieces.
Slice them into medallions for a great salad add-on.
Slice them into sticks for a convenient snack.
Slice them into quarters if you're planning on freezing them for later use.
Try to make sure the carrot pieces are the same size, so they'll cook evenly.
Prepare a bowl of ice water. You'll need this to stop the carrots from cooking after you boil them.
Heat a saucepan of water. Use a saucepan large enough to hold the carrots, and fill it about 3/4 the way full. Heat the water on the stove top on the highest heat. Season the water to taste by adding salt. Wait until the water is at a high rolling boil.
Add

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.046358
Retrieved Text: If you like your carrots sweet, you can boil them directly in honey or if you don’t want them TOO sweet or want to be thrifty with your honey, boil them in water first till it’s just about at desired tenderness, then drain, add enough honey to coat bottom of pot and put back on to simmer. Stir so that all carrots get time to simmer in honey. Simmer at least 5 minutes but make sure all carrots get time in honey.
Put a thin coating of olive oil in oven-proof dish and add frozen carrots on top. Bake in oven at 350 until desired tenderness. If you are cooking something in oven, just add the carrot dish next to it at whatever temperature it’s at and just keep an eye on them.
Saute carrots in your desired oil. This is better if you like your carrots to remain a bit crunchy. You can saute by themselves or with onion, garlic or the seasoning of your choice*.
Cook them any way you want (boiled, sauteed or roasted) but then toss with some balsamic vinegar (about 1/2 tbsp per 1 cup of carrots) and brown sugar (1 tsp per 1 cup carrots) before serving.
Have you ever had mashed carrots? Boil them long enough so that they are very soft and until water in pot is boiled almost all the way down. DON’T drain them or you’ll lose lots of nutrients. Take off heat, add butter/margarine and mash. Don’t add milk as you will have a bit of liquid from pot

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.988531
Retrieved Text: These Easy Korean Spicy Noodles are rich with flavor and kick of spice at the end. The noodles themselves give that extra chewy flavor, hard to explain, because it's unlike any other noodles. Veggies tie everything together giving the dish a lot of vibrant flavors.
Korean noodles are made with sweet potato starch. They contain no gluten, making them a perfect dish for those that are gluten intolerant.
What are Spicy Korean Noodles?
Spicy Korean Noodles are also known as Japchae. They're made using a combination of Korean stir-fried noodles and mix of vegetables. Japchae is known to be one of the most popular authentic dishes in Korea.
Where to Purchase the Korean Noodles?
You can buy the Korean Noodes on Amazon or your specialty Asian market. If you're planning to purchase them at your local market, you can always ask for help. The Korean noodles can be referenced as sweet potato or glass noodles.
Prepare all ingredients for the recipe. Cut beef into thin strips. Cut the rest of the ingredients to your own linking. Cook Korean noodles according to the package instructions.
Preheat wok with a little bit of oil. Brown mushrooms, set aside and do the same for carrots.
Prepare the ingredients for the spicy Korean noodle sauce.
Combine the sauce ingredients in a bowl. In a wok, cook beef slices until it's golden brown. Pour the sauce over the cooking beef. Let it simmer for a few minutes.
Add in Korean noodles, carrots, green onions and mushrooms. Toss to combine everything together. Add spinach to the mix. Stir to combine and cook

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.987932
Retrieved Text: Wash the split peas and let them soak overnight (include enough water that it lies at least 2″ above peas). Add ham hock to the soaking peas, and cook for half an hour. While cooking, prepare your onions, carrots, celery root, leek, and potatoes. Add them to the pot when the half hour has completed. Add salt and pepper to taste. Cover with a lid, and let the soup simmer on low for 8-10 hours. Add the smoked sausage 20 minutes before serving. At the very end mix in the chopped celery leaves.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.964718
Retrieved Text: To insure that children get enough vegetables and fruit within their diet, we sometimes can introduce some foods which are fun to consume. Surprisingly children could possibly get a few of their needed daily consumption of vegetables when you eat homemade salsa.
1)Wash all of the vegetables.
2)Make use of the vegetable chopper to reduce the onion, cilantro, and tomato plants.
4)Finely chop the jalapeño and also the chilies.
5)Add some jalapeño and also the chilies towards the tomato mixture.
6)Add all of those other ingredients and stir well.
Wash both hands with water and soap after dicing the vegetables to prevent obtaining the hot pepper to your eyes. Everyone will love the Salsa. Use immediately or refrigerate. There’s anything scrumptious than homemade salsa. You might never obtain the pre made salsa again.
Milder salsa can be created by substituting sweet peppers for that jalapeño and chili peppers. Hotter salsa can be created by growing the onions and peppers.
There’s a whole daily serving of vegetables in 1/2 cup of salsa.
The very best carrot recipe is good and something that youngsters will eat. Carrots are wealthy in vitamins A. Vit A promotes the development of teeth and bones, props up defense mechanisms, and promotes the healthiness of internal cell tissues and also the skin.
Finding a method to fix carrots that youngsters will eat might be as simple as the famous Mary Poppin’s song ” Some sugar can make the carrots go lower”.
Do this recipe watching your children eat up.
1) Put 1/4 cup water towards the bottom from the pan.
2) Peel carrots and slice into

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.9632
Retrieved Text: This classic dish is inspired by Julia Child's Boeuf Bourguignon from Mastering the Art of French Cooking. It's a rustic dish with a deeply rich au jus made with a red wine and beef stock. Many aromatics also play a big role. I used Zinfandel because it's my favorite red wine. The carrots are from The Fresh Market - already washed and peeled. Also very pretty for presentation. Because a meal should be a feast for the eyes. Everything else you can pretty much get from anywhere.
﻿I start the deep flavoring process by seasoning the short ribs with course kosher salt and pepper. But just like with everything else, I add a marinade. I just use soy sauce and garlic powder. It sits in the fridge overnight.
Diced onions and celery add so much flavor to this dish. I like to leave my carrots bite - sized, or sliced in half if they are petite sized to start. Many others also dice the carrots.
Many recipes start with bacon pieces. I used pancetta - it's just an Italian style bacon that I've gotten used to keeping on hand, and it's already diced!
A big part of the process is the fat removal. If you let this dish refrigerate overnight, you will be able to skim off the fat the next day!
Season the short ribs with salt and pepper the day before you plan to serve them. Add to a sealable bag with soy sauce and let sit.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Let the short ribs sit at room

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.78019
Retrieved Text: First remove the peeling, then chop and prepare as you would a potato or eat it raw in salads.
Kohlrabi: The taste and texture of kohlrabi are similar to those of a broccoli stem or cabbage heart, but milder and sweeter. Cook it as you would a potato: roast, stir fry, puree and use soups, shred and put in salads or slaws. To Prepare: When you get home separate the leaves from the bulbs. The leaves will wilt and only last for a few days while the un peeled kohlrabi bulb will stay in your fridge for a week or two. Store the leaves in a sealed ziplock plastic bag. The un peeled bulbs can be stored in your produce drawer or you can go ahead and prep them by peeling them and putting them in a plastic bag so they are easily ready to cut and use. The leaves are also entirely edible, Chiffonade them finely and toss them in a vinaigrette. Chiffonade is the name of the technique in which you stack the leaves, rolling them tightly, then slicing the leaves perpendicular to the roll to make long, thin strips (who knew it actually had a name for that technique). You can also rough chop and steam or sauté them, like collard greens or kale.
Dill: This member of the Apiaceae (aromatic flowering plants) family, and relative to celery, carrot and parsley loves to stay fresh in a jar on your kitchen countertop. If you put it in the fridge it will wilt almost instantly. Treat

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.759983
Retrieved Text: This recipe for Sweet Balsamic Roasted Carrots and Onions is so easy and super delicious! We make this dish all of the time! In the winter months I tend to use baby carrots but as soon as summer approaches I can’t help but use all of the carrots from our garden and our local market! Ken, my husband, loves buttered carrots and I think could eat them like that all of the time! I need change and this is one of my carrot recipes that I love the most!
Sometimes I double up on the glaze. A little extra balsamic vinegar, brown sugar and garlic could never hurt! I think it makes these Sweet Balsamic Roasted Carrots and Onions taste even better! My husband thinks that this is the perfect amount! I leave it up to you to give them a try and then decide if you want more glaze or not!
We always end up with so many carrots from our garden that I am always on the hunt for different and tasty ways to serve them. Here are some of our other favorites.
I just had to make a video for this recipe! Sweet Balsamic Roasted Carrots and Onions is such a favorite in our home I thought it might be in yours too! The flavors blend perfectly together. This recipe is definitely worth a try!
Take a peek at our video below.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Prepare a baking sheet lined with tinfoil and a light coating of cooking spray. Set aside.
Wash, peel and slice carrots and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.666262
Retrieved Text: Wonton is one of the popular dishes among the Chinese community. There are many ways to prepare wonton. You can boil in a soup or deep fry the wonton.
My husband behaves like a typical child who doesn't like to take some vegetable such as leek and green onion. In order to encourage him to eat this type of vegetable, I have to make the dish into more appetizing such as mixing the minced meat/prawn with small pieces of green onion, carrot or leek in the wonton wraps. Fried wonton is his favourite dish and in the end, it really works. I hope this method would help the mothers to enhance their creativity with colour, taste and shapes when preparing meals for their children.
Fried Wonton ready to be served.
Mix minced meat with all of the marinated sauce in a bowl. Then, add in small pieces of green onion and carrots and combine them well with the minced meat. Leave to marinate for 30 minutes.
Take one wonton skin and lay on your palm. Make sure that your hand is dry before holding the wonton skin.
Take 1 teaspoon of the mixture (minced meat+green onion+carrots) and place it in the middle of the wonton skin. Look at the picture below.
wonton wrap is in triangular shape after the folding process.
5. Repeat the process from no. 2 to no. 5 for the remaining wonton wraps.
fill the pan about half of your thumb with cooking oil.
7. When the cooking oil becomes hot in the pan, turn from high heat to medium heat (medium

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.581745
Retrieved Text: Preheat the oven to 180°C (160°C fan) or Gas Mark 4. Prepare the Cajun chicken and potatoes as directed on the pack. At the end of the cooking time, open the bag and tip the chicken into a dish.
Prepare the vegetables by peeling and slicing the carrots and cutting the broccoli into small florets. Steam or boil until cooked and still tender, about 10 minutes before your chicken is done. Squeeze the lemon over the broccoli and sprinkle with black pepper, give a good shake.
Serve your zesty broccoli and sweet carrots alongside the juicy Cajun chicken and potatoes. Ensure that the chicken is fully cooked through and piping hot.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.54791
Retrieved Text: I have always had a love affair with pad thai. Those peanutty noodles have always called my name. However, I rarely order pad thai anywhere because there is a little voice inside me that always says “but there are no vegetables in this…” and I end up ordering a curry instead. I love curry too, so it’s really a win-win, but who doesn’t love peanut sauce?
While preparing raw dinners, a friend suggested kelp noodles, which I had honestly never even heard of. I found some and then they sat in my cupboard for about a week while I tried to figure out what to do with them before the idea of pad thai started to come together. Since I was making it at home, I could add whatever I wanted to the mix and up the veggie ante, which is exactly what I did.
Let’s talk about these kelp noodles for a minute because they are quite unique compared to the other kinds of noodles I’ve used before. They are slightly crunchy in texture and require no cooking. Kelp noodles are a good source of iodine and calcium and they can be a good substitute for pasta noodles in some dishes. They are meant to be consumed raw, making them a perfect choice for this raw & vegan version of pad thai.
I used my handheld spiralizer to cut the zucchini and carrots in this recipe, but if you don’t have a spiralizer, you can just cut them into thin strips. You could also grate your carrots or

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.499388
Retrieved Text: With temperatures dropping and days feeling shorter, quick & easy dinners that warm you from the inside out are a necessity. There is no dish more comforting than Pot Roast. With just a few simple steps & a slow cooker, this delicious rib sticking Pot Roast can be on your table in just a few hours.
Start by gathering all of your ingredients & heating 3 tablespoons of canola oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Season all sides of the meat with salt & pepper then coat the meat in flour. Once the oil is hot, brown the meat on all sides. This step is not necessary but it is definitely worth it. Browning the meat adds a really nice texture to the finished dish as well as a much deeper flavor.
While the meat is browning, prepare the vegetables. Toss the potatoes & carrots into the slow cooker with the garlic & dried thyme. Place the browned meat over the carrots & potatoes, then pour in the broth.
Cover the slow cooker & cook on high for 5-6 hours, or low for 9-10 hours. About an hour before the Pot Roast is done, mix up the water & cornstarch until it becomes slightly pasty. Pour the mixture into the slow cooker & stir around. Finish cooking the Pot Roast for the last hour. When the time is up, remove the meat & either slice it up or shred it to serve. Enjoy!
Heat 3 tablespoons of canola oil in a large skillet over medium high heat.
Season

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.484545
Retrieved Text: Keep your dog healthy and fit with these dog food recipes. They are cheaper than store-bought products and tastier than your average canned food.
We all want to eat balanced, nutritious food as it can reduce our risk of chronic diseases and promote overall health. Just as we care for our family, we also want to make sure that our fluffiest member is getting some great homemade dog food. Homecooked dog food recipes are not difficult to prepare and you will have complete control over every ingredient your pet consumes. DIY dog food recipes can come in handy if your dog is picky about his food or suffers from food allergies.
If you’re looking to keep your friend healthy and are willing to dedicate some of your free time to make your own dog food, see this list of the best dog food recipes you can easily prepare in your kitchen.
We call this recipe “Yummy, that’s delicious!” because it’ll become one of your dog’s favourite. This dog food recipe has 50% protein, 25% veggies, and 25% grains. If you wish, you can make alterations to the ratios. Prepare your batch and divide it into smaller portions before putting them in the freezer. When your dog is ready to eat some homemade dog food, simply defrost one serving in the fridge overnight and heat it for 30 seconds. Pretty simple, right?
Take a large saucepan and cook rice.
Heat some olive oil and add ground turkey. Cook it until it gets a brown colour.
Stir in spinach, peas, carrots, zucchini and brown

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.406351
Retrieved Text: Carrots are naturally sweet, have glorious color, and are tasty raw or cooked. What more could you ask for in a vegetable? More often than not, I use carrots as an aromatic to build layers of flavor in stews and soups, but if I’m going to serve them as a side dish, this is how I prepare them. While not necessary, adding the tablespoon of sugar or honey at the end will enhance the natural sweetness of the carrots. The red wine vinegar provides a sour taste. Together, the sugar and vinegar, create a sweet and sour taste that makes these carrots addictive!
Wash, peel and remove the root end from each carrot. Slice carrots about ¼-inch thick.
Wash, peel and remove the root end from each onion. Slice thinly.
I’m terrified of sharp blades, especially this one from the food processor.
I once cut myself while just handling it and still shudder whenever I think about the possibility of an injury happening again. It is the reason I am meticulous about storing the blade. I always place the red “danger” label back on the blade when I am done using it, and I store it in a plastic bag.
Coat the bottom of a deep 12-inch sauté pan with olive oil. Heat the oil until just hot but not smoking. Add carrots and onions and mix.
Saute covered for about 30 minutes, stirring every five minutes, so carrots don’t stick to the bottom of the pan. When done cooking, add salt, vinegar, and a little sugar and mix well. Let rest

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.24852
Retrieved Text: Grilling isn’t just for meat. Check out these delicious recipes for vegetables for the grill.
1. Prepare the grill for direct cooking over medium heat (350° to 450°F) and preheat the grill pan.
2. In a small bowl whisk the mustard, vinegar, salt, and pepper. Slowly drizzle and whisk in the oil until it is emulsified.
4. Spread the asparagus on a large plate. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the vinaigrette and turn the spears until they are evenly coated. In a medium bowl toss the tomatoes and bread cubes with 2 tablespoons of the vinaigrette.
5. Brush the cooking grates clean. Spread the tomatoes and bread cubes in a single layer on the grill pan and lay the asparagus on the cooking grate. Grill over direct medium heat, with the lid closed as much as possible, until the asparagus is tender, the tomatoes begin to soften, and the bread cubes are toasted, turning often. The asparagus will take 6 to 8 minutes and the tomatoes and bread cubes will take 2 to 4 minutes.
6. Arrange the asparagus on a platter and top with the tomatoes, croutons, feta, and chives. Serve with the remaining vinaigrette.
1. Prepare the grill for direct cooking over high heat (450° to 550°F).
2. Peel the carrots and cook them in boiling water until they are partially cooked but still crisp, 4 to 6 minutes. Drain the carrots and rinse them under cold water for at least 10 seconds to stop the cooking. Lay the carrots flat on a work surface.
3. In a small saucepan over medium

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.15731
Retrieved Text: Wash and peel the potatoes, and cut into large cubes. Place in a pot and cover with water. Boil the potatoes for around 12 minutes, while checking that the potatoes have cooked evenly cooked but are still firm.
While cooking the potatoes, combine the apple vinegar, cup of water, black peppercorn, bay leaves, sugar and salt in a small saucepan. Cook over medium-heat and stir constantly until the sugar and salt have completely dissolved. Afterward, lower the heat and add the peanuts. Continue cooking for five more minutes, then set to the side.
When the potatoes are finished cooking, drain the water and add the potato cubes to the vinegar and peanut mixture. Let cool down and then transfer to a glass container with a tight (hermetic) lid.
If you want to add some spice, add the vinegar from a can of serrano or jalapeño peppers to the pickled potatoes. This should be added only after the potatoes have cooled-down but before placing in the refrigerator.
You can add other vegetables to this recipe, like carrots or cauliflower to give more variety to your pickled creations.
When I was little, I remember seeing my mother seated at the kitchen table surrounded by jalapeño peppers, onions and carrots. She loved to prepare her own chili peppers in vinegar, which is a widely-used encurtido or pickled vegetable in Mexico. One of my aunts also has a secret pickled vegetable recipe that she only prepares on special occasions. It includes many things such as broccoli, cauliflower, potatoes, carrots, nopales, jícama, peanuts and garlic besides

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.151196
Retrieved Text: We've been taking some basic cooking classes at Le Cordon Bleu. Last weekend was Braising and Roasting. It's a little chaotic, as you might expect when 30 students are in one large kitchen trying to prepare the same 4 dishes: beef stew, chicken fricassee, ballotines de poulet grandmere, and roast chicken with pan gravy. They divided us up into groups of 7 or 8 and then we paired up to make the various recipes. I decided I'd watch everyone do the braising recipes and I'd pair with my friend's mother to roast the chicken. I learned: how to truss a chicken, how to cut up a chicken into 8 servable pieces, that the combination of onion, celery, and carrot is called mirepoix and it's used in most French cooking, and that cooking the mirepoix before making soup releases more flavor than just dumping carrots, celery and onion into the boiling soup. Oh, and that they use white pepper in France so we should, too. At least if we're cooking French dishes.
I have been inspired by An Everlasting Meal to think about using the scraps of vegetables for stock rather than waste them. So I took the scraps from the soup vegetables (onions, carrots, and celery, our mirepoix, see below) and tossed them in a pot with the chicken bones, 9 pints of water, kosher salt, pepper, parsley stems and a bay leaf. This simmered for 2 hours and was strained, some of the fat was skimmed off (there wasn't much) and 9 pints of stock are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.140903
Retrieved Text: The carrot is one of the most valuable of all our root vegetables and to-day we are apt to take them a little too much for granted and to forget how rich they are in protective elements. Among other good things they contain “carotene,” one of the important sources of Vitamin A which strengthens our resistance to infection. There is a certain amount of sugar in them, too, and this is useful for our war-time diet. As many a wise mother knows, the child who eats raw carrot freely is most unlikely to have a craving for sweets. Most children, fortunately, love raw carrot and below we have given some suggestions for introducing it into the daily diet. Adults may find it a little strange at first but it is such a real health food that it is well worth while persevering with it.
We give also some recipes for cooking carrots.
The carrots should be well washed, lightly scraped and grated. Children (and adults too for that matter) should have at least two tablespoonsful each day. It may be eaten in sandwiches and is often liked when put between bread spread with margarine and a little vegetable extract. Wholemeal bread goes particularly well with carrot. Here are two other sandwich suggestions.
1. Add two parts of grated raw carrot to one part of finely shredded white heart of cabbage, and bind with chutney or sweet pickle. Pepper and salt to taste.
2. Prepare and cut the carrot into small cubes, and cook in well blended curry sauce. When perfectly

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.111305
Retrieved Text: Don’t want to bother with canning carrots in a hot water bath? Try these Simple Refrigerator Sweet Pickled Carrots – they are fast, easy and you’ll be nibbling on them in no time at all!
I’m pretty sure I’ve mentioned before that this whole canning business is hot, exhausting,sweaty work. Don’t believe everything Pinterest or happy-go-lucky canners tell you, because sometimes, they just plain ol’ lie to you.
In the midst of canning season, which starts as soon as strawberries are out in July and can last until oh, forever, sometimes I just want to cry when presented with another bag of fruit or vegetables. Now please don’t get me wrong, I really do love canning. I love working with the fruit and vegetables and I love trying new recipes that I haven’t attempted yet and challenging myself.
However sometimes I just want to throw something together without freaking water canning it. Yah, I said it. No steam fogging up my windows and adding to the heat of my kitchen on an August day, no fans going because I simply might pass out from the heat generated in my kitchen while canning and most importantly…. no mess.
Oh, refrigerator pickles how I love thee.
I took the recipe for the sweet pickled carrots and halved it, wanting to make only two jars of carrots since they won’t be sealed up. These beauties will last 3-4 weeks in the refrigerator as they are loaded with vinegar for preserving purposes.
They will be eaten long before that, rest assured.
I love how simple these are.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.093426
Retrieved Text: The oxtail is a simple and tasty cooking ingredient known for its gelatinous and bony meat. It is usually braised or stewed. Stewed oxtail is a favorite dish in places like Trinidad and Jamaica. Aside from these cooking methods, one of the best ways of cooking this all-important beef part is by turning it into a soup, a culinary delight that is very much popular in countries such as Indonesia, China and even the United Kingdom. To have a taste of this treat, you can always try this cheap, simple and easy oxtail recipe.
If you want something quick but definitely delicious, you can always go for this traditional homemade recipe. First, you have to gather a number of fresh and healthy ingredients like 2-pieces of carrots, a couple of bay leaves and 4-pounds oxtails. Aside from these, be sure to prepare a couple of onions, 2-pounds of pork bones as well as 5-pieces of cloves garlic. To add more taste, bring in ¾-teaspoon pepper, ¾-teaspoon salt and at least 2 stalks of celery. In addition, you will also need a piece of leek, 3-tablespoons of olive oil and 3-tablespoons of butter. It is also possible to add flour and potatoes.
Get a Dutch oven or stockpot and then set them over medium-high heat. Put the different herbs, sliced onions, and sliced carrots. Add the olive oil and butter as well. Cook the ingredients until they turn brown. After that, remove them from the Dutch oven or stockpot and then set aside first. Add butter and olive oil

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: Sentence: plastic bag

Choice 1: can carry foil 

Choice 2: can carry pole 

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.165028
Retrieved Text: Buy garland with plastic flags bag now at the best price and receive it at home in three days!
Garland with plastic flags bag. Garland"s measure: 50 m. 10 m. flags in every bag. Flag"s measure: 30 x 20 cm.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Dublin, Dublin.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Cork, Cork.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Limerick, Limerick.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Galway, Galway.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Waterford, Waterford.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Drogheda, Louth.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Kilkenny, Kilkenny.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Wexford, Wexford.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Sligo, Sligo.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Clonmel, Tipperary.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Dundalk, Louth.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Bray, Wicklow.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Navan (An Uaimh), Meath.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Ennis, Clare.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Tralee, Kerry.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Carlow, Carlow.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Naas, Kildare.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Athlone, Westmeath.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Letterkenny, Donegal.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Tullamore, Offaly.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Killarney, Kerry.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Arklow, Wicklow.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Cobh, Cork.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Castlebar, Mayo.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Midleton, Cork.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Mallow, Cork.
Buy Garland with plastic flags bag in Ballina,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.139675
Retrieved Text: plastic grocery bag storage dispenser plastic home ideas philippines home renovation ideas philippines.
plastic grocery bag storage dispenser plastic grocery bag storage plastic grocery bag storage home bar ideas pinterest home ideas magazine ph.
plastic grocery bag storage dispenser plastic grocery bag holder wall mount storage dispenser white home studio ideas pinterest home ideas magazine.
plastic grocery bag storage dispenser new plastic bag dispenser kitchen bags storage holder keeper 4 plastic bag dispenser new plastic bag home improvement ideas india home ideas centre anzac highway.
plastic grocery bag storage dispenser blue and yellow plastic bag holder fabric bags dispenser bags storage grocery bags holder embroidered linen bags dispenser home ideas store home ideas indian.
plastic grocery bag storage dispenser plastic grocery bag holder home ideas magazine philippines pdf home design ideas 2018.
plastic grocery bag storage dispenser grocery bag holder wall mount storage dispenser plastic kitchen organizer home ideas centre oakleigh home ideas indian style.
plastic grocery bag storage dispenser plastic grocery bag storage plastic bag storage container com plastic grocery bag storage dispenser home design ideas pinterest home ideas magazine philippines.
plastic grocery bag storage dispenser plastic grocery bag storage grocery bag holder wall mount storage dispenser plastic kitchen organizer garbage bag home business ideas philippines 2018 home ideas.
plastic grocery bag storage dispenser plastic grocery bag storage ideas home ideas centre anzac highway home renovation ideas philippines.
plastic grocery bag storage dispenser blue strip plastic bag holder grocery bag dispenser home ideas centre hobart home ideas online store.
plastic grocery bag storage dispenser plastic grocery bag storage grocery bag storage s grocery bag storage container

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.014057
Retrieved Text: plastic mattress cover for storage plastic mattress cover for moving home depot mattress storage bag extra thick for moving and storing queen mattress storage bag storage or disposable bag queen hgco queen mattress storage bag mattress storage bag vacuum storage bags for mattresses picture of plastic mattress.
plastic mattress cover for storage plastic mattress protector exquisite wonderful queen pillow top storage bag for moving plastic mattress covers for storage firsttimehomebuyervisaliainfo plastic mattress covers for storage mattress storage bag mattress bag mattress plastic bag twin mattress storage.
plastic mattress cover for storage duck brand reusable plastic mattress cover movingstorage fits queenking 76 matress cover mattress cover plastic mattress cover for storage matress cover mattress topper plastic mattress cover for storage mattress cover twin target.
plastic mattress cover for storage mattress cover moving mattress cover moving transparent plastic furniture cover mattress bag for moving mattress covers mattress cover uhaul mattress bags moving supplies covers bags.
plastic mattress cover for storage plastic waterproof mattress cover plastic mattress cover for storage medium size of mattress protector waterproof benefits amazoncom haggiy couch cover for storage plastic furniture cover haggiy couch cover for storage plastic furniture cover for renovation moving and long.
plastic mattress cover for storage mattress bag for moving and long term storage super thick industrial grade plastic for how to store a mattress the right way the sparefoot blog use a plastic mattress cover or plastic wrap.
plastic mattress cover for storage queen mattress bag cover for moving or storage 5 mil heavy duty thick plastic wrap plastic mattress cover queen mattress protector bedrooms waterproof

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.785654
Retrieved Text: Ian Gent's Blog: A bag in a bag in a bag. An empty bag.
I flew on British Airways to Lisbon and back this last week. In a vestigial remnant of providing us with food service, they gave us sandwiches. To make life easy for cleanup they provided a trash bag.
They provided a plastic bag in a plastic bag in a plastic bag. And the (innermost) bag was empty.
There was a bag with tissue and stuff in it. The bag was of course plastic. Inside this bag one of the items was a small plastic bag. In that, very neatly folded up, was a plastic trash bag.
So yes, they gave me a plastic bag in a plastic bag in a plastic bag. And the plastic bag was empty.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.710085
Retrieved Text: plastic bag sealing machine. ... Horizontal Continuous Sealer Sealing Machine for Plastic Bag Band, Aluminum Foil Bag, Compound Bag - USA Shipping.
Plastic Bag Sealing Machine, Wholesale Various High Quality Plastic Bag Sealing Machine Products from Global Plastic Bag Sealing Machine Suppliers and Plastic Bag Sealing Machine Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
The Continuous Band Sealer is a great choice for businesses that need reliable small-bag packaging. Our Continuous Band Sealer is a two-in-one machine that offers vertical or horizontal configuration.
Plastic Sealing Machine, ... DBF-900 Automatic Continuous Band sealer and plastic bag sealing machine. Download Available on the App Store Available on Android.
Business listings of Plastic Bag Sealing Machine manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in India along with their contact details & address. Find here Plastic Bag Sealing Machine suppliers, manufacturers, wholesalers, traders with Plastic Bag Sealing Machine prices for buying.
Shop from the world's largest selection and best deals for Plastic Bag Sealer. Shop with ... Automatic Horizontal Continuous Plastic Bag Band Sealing Sealer Machine.
Band Plastic Bag Sealing Machine Product Description 1. Sealing machineSF-150W is paint horizontal type sealing machine. It obtains patent of Chinese invention.
INPAK SYSTEMS offers a wide variety of commercial heat sealers used for closing bags and pouches. Jaw, Hot Air and Band sealers are used to close plastic bags such as PE, PP, Tyvek, polymylar, foil & nylon bags.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.587164
Retrieved Text: Grocery Bag Dispenser Architecture | Cravenmaven.com crochet grocery bag dispenser. big grocery bag holder dispenser. grocery bag dispenser amazon.
Grocery Bag Dispenser Really Encourage Magnusdeal Holder For Plastic Bags Or As Well 2. Grocery Bag Dispenser Inspire T Shirt Rack Intended For 3. Grocery Bag Dispenser Property Set Of 2 Plastic Holder Waterproof Wall Mount Regarding 4. Grocery Bag Dispenser Dream Amazon Com Simplehuman Wall Mount Holder Brushed Intended For 5. Grocery Bag Dispenser Incredible New Kitchen Plastic Cabinet Drawer Organizer Intended For 6. Grocery Bag Dispenser Comfortable Simplehuman Wall Mount YouTube Pertaining To 7. Grocery Bag Dispenser Cozy Plastic Holder Also Works As Tissue Paper Regarding 8. Grocery Bag Dispenser Attractive ORZ Kitchen Storage Box Wall Mount Stainless Intended For 9. Grocery Bag Dispenser Aspiration Styleys Polypropylene Holder For Plastic Pertaining To 10. Grocery Bag Dispenser Attractive 20 Minute Holder Tutorial In Addition To 11. Grocery Bag Dispenser Gorgeous Shop Simplehuman Stainless Steel And Plastic Holder At With Regard To 12. Grocery Bag Dispenser Really Encourage Plastic Holder Paisley Fabric Pertaining To 13. Grocery Bag Dispenser Desire Tutorial AllFreeSewing Com Pertaining To 14. Grocery Bag Dispenser Beautiful Hanging Kitchen Plastic Holder Recycled Garbage For 15. Grocery Bag Dispenser Desire Coralling Those Plastic Samantha Wolpert Organizing Regarding 16. Grocery Bag Dispenser Awesome Interior Plastic Holder VARIERA Regarding 17. Grocery Bag Dispenser House Living Simple Best For 18. Grocery Bag Dispenser Amazing Wall Mounting Plastic Holder Multipurpose Intended For 19.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.576046
Retrieved Text: Browse plastic-carrier-bags suppliers by country and region.
Short on time? Let plastic-carrier-bags sellers contact you.
Jiangsu Zhongning Plastic Co. Ltd.
Polyethylene (PE) and polypropylene (PP), plastic bags, plastic liners, enclosable and resealable ziplock bags, retail shopping bags, merchandise bags, food grade bags, trade show bags, big bags, modified atmosphere bags, nursery bags.
Food, spice, paper product and plastic bags.
Geomembrane and geo textile, plastic bags, t-shirts poly bags, drum liner.
Non woven shopping bag, pp gift bag, paper bag, plastic bag, ziplock bag, packaging material , woven bag, shopping bag, handbag, tote bag.
Universal Plastic & Metal Manufacturing Ltd.
Brown kraft paper bags, SOS paper carrier bag, foiled line paper bags.
Qingdao Amore Packing Co., Ltd.
Paper bags, rope handle paper bags, luxury carrier bag, carrier paper bag.
Jinyi Packaging Craft Co., Ltd.
Bag-in-box, liquid packaging for the wine, oil, beverage, milk, food additive, dope and industrial markets, plastic bags.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.56245
Retrieved Text: bags ties cellophane cone twist automatic plastic bag.
bags ties cellophane cone twist small plastic.
bags ties ss white tin tie w poly liner plastic freezer bag.
bags ties zip tie bag holder.
bags ties christmas gift with.
bags ties black menswear slim plain tie women polyester reusable plastic bag.
bags ties hefty baggies gallon size with storage freezer twist.
bags ties portable shirt and storage organizer wrinkle free travel packing clothes holder food with twist.
bags ties buy great value twist tie gallon size count in cheap price on made from.
bags ties smith women leather wlb1003043 shipping plastic bread bag.
bags ties gallon trash with twist plastic bag food.
bags ties gold tin adhesive tie for coffee bag automatic plastic.
bags ties vintage pieces for men to made from old.
bags ties coffee cookie tin tie 3 lbs 6 1 2 x 4 case plastic bag uk.
bags ties cello bag twist red silver small gift with.
bags ties clear ice with twist lb capacity 00 gift bag.
bags ties ribbon bow beach bag ladies casual shopping handbag environmental friendly straw fashion handbags small zip tie.
bags ties twist for plastic bread bag.
bags ties trash extra large with gallon size christmas gift.
bags ties shiny cute bow women bag fashion leather laser sequins backpack girls travel princess gift twist.
bags ties twist vs plastic clips tiny titans battle for the bakery aisle made from mens.
bags ties vintage pasta bow holiday zip tie definition.
bags ties cloth laundry bag plastic twist.
bags ties product image reusable plastic bag.
bags ties plastic food with.
bags ties backpack security cable reusable plastic bag.
bags ties cardinal health ice bag w large

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.517496
Retrieved Text: Interlocking Tri Plastic Beads White 10x5mm Triangular, 100 grams bag.
Interlocking Tri Plastic Beads Red 10x5mm Triangular, 100 grams bag.
Interlocking Tri Plastic Beads Hot Pink 10x5mm Triangular, 100 grams bag.
Interlocking Tri Plastic Beads Purple 10x5mm Triangular, 100 grams bag.
Interlocking Tri Plastic Beads Blue 10x5mm Triangular, 100 grams bag.
Interlocking Tri Plastic Beads Yellow 10x5mm Triangular, 100 grams bag.
Interlocking Tri Plastic Beads Orange 10x5mm Triangular, 100 grams bag.
Interlocking Tri Plastic Beads Multi Color 10x5mm Triangular, 100 grams bag.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.516865
Retrieved Text: self seal poly bag china multi colored mailers envelopes bags oil resistant supplier small.
self seal poly bag suffocation warning clear bags plastic grip.
self seal poly bag clear bags with suffocation plastic grip.
self seal poly bag white clear zipper plastic retail packaging zip lock pouch package hang hole for powder packing a4 bags.
self seal poly bag high quality service custom white pattern snacks dura bags ltd.
self seal poly bag china custom clear with suffocation warning label dura bags ltd.
self seal poly bag clear bags combo pack bottom.
self seal poly bag peel zany clear bags suffocation warning for.
self seal poly bag cm clear plastic package flap adhesive opp packaging online with piece on store grip resealable bags.
self seal poly bag adhesive plastic opp clear with hole header bags.
self seal poly bag uline bags.
self seal poly bag mailers envelopes shipping plastic ring package bags white clear.
self seal poly bag x clear sealing plastic packaging bags bagssafety warning.
self seal poly bag pro plain a4 bags.
self seal poly bag bags printed heat.
self seal poly bag opp zipper plastic zip bags.
self seal poly bag case bags print suffocation warning vent mil.
self seal poly bag plain heavyweight grip polythene bags printed.
self seal poly bag bags heat.
self seal poly bag sealing pp gusset clear food grade with flat bottom biodegradable bags printed.
self seal poly bag clear sealing plastic bags clothing toy gift packaging adhesive resealable opp.
self seal poly bag clear zipper plastic bags retail package for electronic accessories small packing packaging online with piece on bagssafety warning.
self seal poly bag clear adhesive resealable cellophane

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.463585
Retrieved Text: Find Plastic Bag Sealing Machine related suppliers, manufacturers, products and specifications on GlobalSpec - a trusted source of Plastic Bag Sealing Machine information.
The bag machines we offer include new and used sideweld bag machines, bottom seal bag machines, and many other types of equipment. We have the machinery for pouch, t-shirt, side seal, and bottom seal bag making—which seals the bottom of the bag running in the web direction.
Find great deals on eBay for poly bag machines. Shop with confidence.
Great American Packaging has been the premier custom manufacturer of poly plastic bags and poly plastic film ever since 1966. Specializing in these fine products: ziplock bags, wicket bags, gusset bags, liners, film sheeting, film tubing, printed poly bags, printed poly film, flat bags, handle bags, tamper evident bags, tape bags and pallet covers.
offers 28,186 polybag machine products. About 1% of these are packaging bags, 1% are other bag making machines, and 1% are bag forming machines. A wide variety of polybag machine options are available to you, such as yes, no.
Find here Plastic Bag Sealing Machine, plastic cover sealing machine manufacturers, suppliers & exporters in India. Get contact details & address of companies manufacturing and supplying Plastic Bag Sealing Machine, plastic cover sealing machine across India.
manufacturers and suppliers of poly bag machines from around the world. Panjiva uses over 30 international data sources to help you find qualified vendors of poly bag machines.
We are the original inventor of Autobag ® bagging machines and pre-opened bags. In addition to genuine Autobag bags-on-a-roll, we manufacture SidePouch ® specialty

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.378304
Retrieved Text: pet waste bag,custom plastic bags,biodegradable plastic bags wholesale. ... Wholesale Customized Popular Biodegradable Special Pet Waste Rubbish Bag. Product .... A: Yes, we can. not only packing bags but also packing solution.
These exclusively designed, custom-fit trash bags and bin liners can be made to be strong bags as per your ... PP Bags. The space saver bags are an excellent packing system for your garments and linen allowing you to ... Dog waste bags.
2018 new products wholesale fancy colorful fresh flower wrapping material non ... PP nonwoven handled shopping bag ... customized logo 80-120gsm non woven shopping bag ... Biodegradable EPI+LLDPE plastic dog waste bag dog poop bag .... Biodegradable Plastic Dog Poop Waste Trash Bag on Roll Garbage Bag.
19 years of professional experience in plastic packing industry. ... Description Packaging & Shipping Package: carton package or pp woven bags package, ... Customized Biodegradable Plastic Dog Poop Waste Trash Bag T-shirt Garbage Bag.
Bag reduction strategies have strengths and weaknesses. ... use – the reuse and recycling to encourage responsible use and minimize litter impacts. ... reduce the number bags and amount of plastic used to manage household waste and it .... and non-woven polypropylene, polyester (recycled PET), and some cotton bags.
Weifang Parkson Pack Co., Limited, Experts in Manufacturing and Exporting PE roll bag, T-Shirt Bag and 669 more ... Nappy bags and pet waste bags ... 2018 custom plastic shopping plastic bags for promotion ... China manufacturer plastic garbage bag in roll ... Custom design non woven variguage and wavy top bag.
Results 1 - 48 of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.349655
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 02:12:06 am at 04/20/2019 02:12:06 am in Plastic Wrap For Mattress Storage.
plastic wrap for mattress storage plastic wrap for mattress vacuum seal mattress bag food storage bags pouch heat embossed poly use plastic wrap for mattress storage bag.
plastic wrap for mattress storage boxes,plastic wrap for mattress storage protector,plastic wrap for mattress storage,plastic wrap for mattress storage bags,plastic wrap for mattress storage bag,plastic wrap for mattress storage box,plastic wrap for mattress storage covers,plastic wrap for mattress storage cover, mattress storage bag i storage transport safe payless beds our , plastic wrap for mattress vacuum seal mattress bag food storage bags plastic wrap for mattress vacuum seal mattress bag food storage bags pouch heat embossed poly use, plastic mattress cover queen mattress protector bedrooms waterproof plastic mattress cover queen vinyl mattress cover chic plastic mattress cover but mattress covers for zippered plastic mattress cover .

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.28189
Retrieved Text: zip lock bag for clothes free shipping travel storage bag clothes zip lock plastic bag clear resealable bag waterproof self sealing bag organizer in storage bags from home garden.
china custom matte black finishing underwear packaging bag, zip lock bags for packing clothes trend,best zip lock bags images on , china compound material zip lock bag for clothes z,laundry bag for garments shipping clothes zip lock plastic bags ,plastic zip lock bags for clothes trend ,recycled custom printing for clothing slide zip lock plastic , list manufacturers of new coming packaging bags buy,cellophane bags for clothes zip lock packing plastic bag , storage bags for clothing cartoon travel organizer.
Be the first to comment on "Zip Lock Bag For Clothes Free Shipping Travel Storage Bag Clothes Zip Lock Plastic Bag Clear Resealable Bag Waterproof Self Sealing Bag Organizer In Storage Bags From Home Garden"

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.270618
Retrieved Text: HAIN® Packaging Supply OPP Self-Adhesive Plastic Bag with custom made size and logo printing services. OPP Plastic Bag also known as clear poly bag.
We supply Hang Header OPP Plastic Bag with custom made size and logo printing service. Hang Header OPP Plastic Bag also known as clear plastic bag.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.268467
Retrieved Text: 10,540 Companies found that match your criteria.
We are Supplier and Seller of: ada places, home and garden products, childrens fashion clothes, electronics, jewelry, mens fashion clothes, kitcheen products, womens bags, car toola and spares.
We are Supplier and Seller of: blown film extrusion, maquina para hacer bolsas plasticas, pvc cling film making machine, bubble film making machine, film blowing machine, flexographic printing machine, plastic bag making machine, plastic recycling machine, stretch film making machine.
We are Supplier and Seller of: leather belt, woman belt, man belt, fabric belt, wallet, pu belt, handbag, packback bag, nylon bag.
We are Supplier and Seller of: sweaters, scarves, bags, cardigans, jumpers, headbands, hats, knitted accesories, gloves.
We are Supplier and Seller of: beer, european beer, mineral water, bags, luggage, shoes, watch, kitchenware, houseware.
We are Supplier and Seller of: used clothing, used shoes, used bags, used toys.
We are Supplier and Seller of: plastic file folder, plastic household storage box, plastic package box, plastic pp exercise book spiral notebook, plastic pp gift promotional package bag, plastic pp notebook dividers, plastic pp plastic printed cover, plastic pp sheet, plastic pp stationery.
We are Supplier and Seller of: bio-fuels, crude glycerine, cement opc 425, poly sand bags, carbonated drinks, jute shopping bags, light-weight gas cylinders.
We are Supplier and Seller of: pet, ldpe, film plastic, pp big bags, rubber, abs, hips, pvc, stretch film.
We are Supplier and Seller of: baffle bag, bale cover, crosscorner bag, fibc bag, jumbo bag, lamination bag, ldpe liner, pp woven bag.
We are Supplier and Seller of: constanta teabag machines, flavoured tea, green tea, kenya tea,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.237309
Retrieved Text: Self sealing bag is simple and convenient, it is widely used in food and other major industries, but how to identify and identify the self sealing bag non-toxic?
A method for the eye, non-toxic plastic bag was white, transparent or translucent, uniform texture; toxic plastic bag for color or is white, but the transparency of the poor, more turbid, plastic surface tension is not uniform, there are small particles.
Two, with the ear to listen to shake the plastic bag with your hand, the sound is clear, non-toxic plastic bag; and the voice is small and stuffy is poisonous plastic bag.
Three. Touch the surface of plastic packing bag by hand; it is smooth and non-toxic; hair sticking, unsmooth and waxy are poisonous.
Four, smelling non-toxic plastic packaging bags with the nose is tasteless; irritating smell or abnormal taste is toxic.
Five, submerged test method put the plastic bag into the water, with the hand to press to the bottom, wait a moment, 7# self sealing bag, surfaced that is non-toxic plastic packaging bags, sinking in the bottom of the water is toxic plastic bags.
If necessary, welcome new and old customers come to buy! The purpose of our quality and cheap to provide products and services. Sincerely look forward to working with you!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.206905
Retrieved Text: wrappage, not only nice appearance, but also great performance to satisfy diverse products. We always devote in eco-friendly packaging. Our clients are from many lines, such as agriculture, industry, building industry, logistic and express industry, food, rice, nut, snack, feed, pet food, garment, cosmetics, stationery, hotel, shopping mall, fertilizer, cement, airlines, etc.. Printed plastic packaging, plastic woven packaging, plastic compound packaging, poly products, films, labels, paper, paper packaging catering for different purpose, paper cup, paper box, paper bag, paper board, various kinds of containers(such as plastic container, aluminum foil container etc.) are our regular products. Colorful printed plastic bag, plastic woven bag, zipper bag, handle bag, stand up zipper bag, side gusset bag, retort pouch, paper laminated with plastic bag, matte bag, glossy bag, plastic food container, stationery pack, etc could be customized, and design can be printed. Send your demand or opinions to us, it is honor to discuss with each one all over the world. Thank you!
We are specialist and desginer for packging solution.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.167564
Retrieved Text: Plastic packaging is a plastic container box or plastic bag to used in a wide range of combination of materials and structures to obtain the desired characteristics such as retail, wholesaler industry, industrial sector, agriculture, fishing industry, meat processing, catering and food processing. Many type of plastic box and plastic bag used for packaging, examples are high density polythene (HDPE), polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and low density polythene (LDPE).
Manufacturer of zip lock bags, re-sealable bags & HDPE plastic containers.
Manufacturer of plain & printed plastic bag or film for industrial and commercial use.
Manufacturing & Printing All types of LDPE, HDPE, PP, Laminate OPP Bag, Films & Plastic Bag.
Manufactuting wide range of PP (Polypropylene) packaging bag.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.148815
Retrieved Text: Local bans have directly eliminated over 5 billion plastic shopping bags per year and all the resulting litter and waste—66 million lbs of plastic.
Local policies have reduced paper bag consumption by nearly 400 million bags annually.
Local bag policies have already resulted in the reduction of approximately 185,000 metric tons of CO2 emissions per year.
LA County: 95% reduction of all single-use bags (30% reduction of paper) (also see this Nov 2012 update).
San Jose: San Jose found a 76% reduction in creek and river litter, a 59% drop in park and roadside plastic bag litter, and a 69% reduction in plastic bag litter in storm drains. Visual observations in stores reported that 54.6% of bags used by customers were reusable, and 44.6% of customers did not use any bag.
Alameda County: In less than 2 years, 85% fewer bag purchases overall as stores reported buying 50-90% fewer bags. More than double the amount of customers are now bringing in their own bags or leaving without any. Plastic bags found in storm drains decreased by roughly 44%.
San Francisco (Table ES-5): 18% reduction in plastic bag street litter from 2007 to 2009.
Mountain View: From July 2009 to July 2014, observed that shoppers using single-use bags decreased from 66% to 11%, while shoppers that used reusable bags or no bags increased from 34% to 89%.
San Mateo County: 162% more people bringing their own bags, 130% more people carrying out items without a bag.
Santa Barbara: After 2 years, almost 45 million single-use plastic shopping bags were eliminated; an estimated 95% of all plastic

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.140121
Retrieved Text: Food Storage Savvy: Never Throw Out Veggies Again!
Don't let that beautiful farmers'-market produce die a slow death in the crisper drawer! Learn to store all your favorite vegetables -- from artichokes to zucchini.
Don't let that beautiful farmers'-market produce die a slow death in the crisper drawer! Click through for tips on how to store all your favorite vegetables -- from artichokes to zucchini -- courtesy of "Martha Stewart's Homekeeping Handbook."
Store, unwashed, in a plastic bag. If the stems are still attached, place them in a container of water, then refrigerate.
Keep moist, especially the tips, to prevent the asparagus from rotting; a plastic bag helps retain moisture. Place upright in a glass wth an inch of water, or wrap the stem ends in a damp paper towel, then refrigerate.
If beets have greens, cut them off before storing. Store beets unwashed and loose in the crisper.
If left unrefrigerated, broccoli becomes woody and fibrous. Store unwashed in an open or perforated plastic bag; moisture will encourage spoilage.
Place unwashed sprouts in a paper bag in the crisper.
Store in the crisper, sealed in a perforated plastic bag. Never wash cabbage before storing -- it will hasten deterioration.
Very hardy. Wrap in paper towels or keep in perforated plastic bag. If your carrots have greens, cut them off before storing; otherwise, the greens may hasten spoilage.
If left unrefrigerated, caulifllower becomes woody and fibrous. Store unwashed in an open or perforated plastic bag; moisture will encourage spoilage.
Store in a plastic bag in the crisper.
Best if eaten immediately; corn becomes starchy after it's picked. Shuck

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.134068
Retrieved Text: zip lock bag for clothes clear plastic and non woven zip lock bag for clothes t shirt trousers packaging.
plastic bags for clothes shopping, storage bags tweet quart, hot selling custom clothes packaging bag for clothing,vacuum sealer bags picture of sealed for clothes , lot clear plastic zip lock bags for clothes pack, zip lock bags for clothes best photos skirt and bag, clear plastic bags for clothes polythene, plastic bags for clothes shopping transparent, storage bags space bag vacuum seal,camp curiosity school stables .
Be the first to comment on "Zip Lock Bag For Clothes Clear Plastic And Non Woven Zip Lock Bag For Clothes T Shirt Trousers Packaging"

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.124548
Retrieved Text: Product categories of PE Flat Pocket, we are specialized manufacturers from China, PE Flat Pocket, Pe Transparent Flat Pocket suppliers/factory, wholesale high-quality products of Plus Thick Pe Flat Pocket R & D and manufacturing, we have the perfect after-sales service and technical support. Look forward to your cooperation!
PE flat Plastic Bag As the name suggests: The mouth of the plastic bag is flat.
PE flat plastic bag transparent, environmental protection, there is tension, can be recycled.
PE flat Plastic Bags are widely used for packaging hardware, electronics, stationery, toys, metal, accessories, etc.
1.PE flat mouth plastic bag has a relatively good transparency, and easy to coloring and so on. The appearance of PE flat plastic bags is also more beautiful.
2.PE flat plastic bag has a very good strength, high strength per unit weight, and impact resistance, easy to modify.
3.PE flat plastic bag processing cost is relatively low. This is also an easy and processable advantage of plastic packaging.
4.PE flat plastic bag insulation performance is better.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.07259
Retrieved Text: The Custom Transparent Waterproof Clear Zipper Plastic PVC Bag is a kind of PVC as the material, size, thickness, style can be customized Plastic bags.
Transparent Waterproof Clear Zipper Plastic Pvc Bag is a Waterproof Plastic Bag.
PVC bag is a kind of plastic bags, made with PVC film processing and into a plastic bag.
According to its different and USES the different thickness of PVC film, PVC bag is used as garment bags, hardware packaging bags, cosmetic bags, stationery bags, craft jewelry bags, gift bags and other packaging products. Many high-end products manufacturers generally choose PVC bags to packaging, beauty products, improve product class, but its price is OPP bag/PE bags, etc.
PVC bag production and processing methods are usually high frequency hot pressing or thread for sewing.
High-frequency hot pressing PVC bag, PVC film after blanking points sliced, need printing screen printing first general mostly for the silk screen printing (PVC), and then by high-frequency hot pressing machine, general need to custom-made production of copper and then. Hot-pressing PVC bag can be compressed into PVC sleeve bag, PVC bag, embedding PVC without teeth zipper bag, PVC bag, PVC valve bag, etc. Various styles.
We are specializing in the producing many kinds of plastic bags , such as compound bag, shrink bag, card header adhesion bag, beautifully printed card bag, gift bag, industrial packaging bag, jewelry bags, household goods packaging, electronic packaging, aluminum film bag, vacuum bag,food bag , zipper/ zip lock bag, self-adhesion bag, organ bags and other kinds plastic materials bags.
There are many kinds of plastic materials, such as

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.057167
Retrieved Text: You will need a plastic bag and a scissors..
You can use any size or kinds of plastic bag, with or without print.
Make sure the plastic bag you will use is clean.
Cut the end of the plastic bag and the top where the handles are.
So you will have a turbular plastic.
Fold the plastic bag several times and then start cutting it using a scissors.
You can cut it 1 - 5cm wide, depends on how thick you want your plastic yarn will be.
Start connecting piece by piece..
Continue connecting pieces of plastic untill you have a long strand.
If you run out of yarn you can repeat step 1 with a new plastic bag.
Combining different plastic bag is a good idea to make patterns.
um, do i need special patterns to knit and crochet with plarn, or are normal patterns ok? and i made plarn as one continuing strip(from a youtube vid) vs how u make it from loops, which way is correct?
I use regular patterns for crocheting with plarn.
I've never use it as a continuing strip before, but thats a good idea. I'll surely try that. I've seen someone knit a sling bag made out of plarn combined with strips of denim fabric and it looks soooo awesome. The combination of blue denim and colorful plarn its just so pretty!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.047308
Retrieved Text: mattress bag covers mattress bag with handles instructions for use enquire for bulk orders.
mattress bag covers king mattress bag pack of 2.
mattress bag covers polyethylene upholstery covers mattress bags poly plastic mattress rolls individual mattress bags.
mattress bag covers plastic furniture cover large plastic bag.
mattress bag covers mil poly mattress covers double x.
mattress bag covers mattress cover for moving mattress bag plastic mattress protector bag luxury best packaging images on.
mattress bag covers mattress cover for moving vinyl mattress cover mattress covers awesome mattress covers for moving mattress.
mattress bag covers poly bag twin mattress covers.
mattress bag covers mattress cover moving mattress king mattress bed bag for moving mattress topper twin king mattress bed mattress cover.
mattress bag covers queen size extra thick 4 mil heavy duty mattress bag fits.
mattress bag covers mattress cover for moving padded mattress covers.
mattress bag covers moving mattress bags and box spring covers on rolls x x king fits.
mattress bag covers move n store plastic drop cloth.
mattress bag covers sleeping bag air mattress bags mattresses built inflatable or.
mattress bag covers mattress bags.
mattress bag covers photo 1 of mattress bag duck covers vinyl full cover queen mattress plastic bag.
mattress bag covers twin mattress covers extra long twin mattress extra long twin waterproof mattress cover extra long twin twin mattress covers.
mattress bag covers full mattress bags on rolls standard.
mattress bag covers king double mattress bag.
mattress bag covers mattress bag wonderful bed bug mattress covers bed covers proven to stop bed bugs intended mattress bag.
mattress bag covers mattress wrap for moving.
mattress bag covers moving mattress bags and box

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.032484
Retrieved Text: We sincerely hope to establish some satisfactory relationships with you in the near future. We will keep you in for Plastic Bag Ziplock Printed , plastic bag ziplock printed , plastic bag ziplock , please call us anytime!
As for aggressive costs, we believe that you will be searching far and wide for anything that can beat us. We can state with absolute certainty that for such high-quality at such rates we have been the lowest around for Plastic Bag Ziplock Printed , plastic bag ziplock printed , plastic bag ziplock , Let's cooperate hand in hand to jointly make a beautiful future. We sincerely welcome you to visit our company or contact us for cooperation!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.027733
Retrieved Text: Our focus on should be to consolidate and enhance the quality and repair of present products, in the meantime constantly establish new products to meet unique customers' requires for 7 Eleven Plastic Bag Girl , 7 eleven plastic bag girl , 7 eleven plastic bag , We have experienced manufacturing facilities with more than 100 employees. So we can guarantee short lead time and quality assurance.
We know that we only thrive if we can guarantee our combined price tag competiveness and top quality advantageous at the same time for 7 Eleven Plastic Bag Girl , 7 eleven plastic bag girl , 7 eleven plastic bag , please feel free to visit our website or contact us.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.011265
Retrieved Text: In order to greatest fulfill client's requires, all of our operations are strictly performed in line with our motto "High Quality, Aggressive Selling price, Fast Service" for Paper Bag Vs Plastic Bag , paper bag vs plastic bag , paper bags vs plastic bags , your coming mail will be highly appreciated.
"We always continually offer you by far the most conscientious customer service, and the widest variety of designs and styles with finest materials. These attempts include the availability of customized designs with speed and dispatch for Paper Bag Vs Plastic Bag , paper bag vs plastic bag , paper bags vs plastic bags , We have been sincerely looking forward to cooperate with customers all over the world. We believe we can satisfy you with our high-quality merchandise and perfect service . We also warmly welcome customers to visit our company and purchase our products.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.006016
Retrieved Text: Disposable plastic bag bans are gaining visibility in Minnesota and we think that’s great. In fact, Minneapolis passed a plastic bag ban that goes into action in June. Duluth is also considering implementing a bag ban of their own.
Still, some state lawmakers are not on board with this trend, and are discussing a bill to ban plastic bag bans. Although there is a lot of support to ban plastic bags due to the environmental impact, a new movement is forming in response to the state’s efforts to ban plastic bag bans. Read on to find out why Minnesota is working to put an end to plastic bag bans in their state.
Single-use plastic bags are convenient. They offer an inexpensive option for retailers to give their shoppers a way to carry their purchases home from the store. Single-use plastic bags are lightweight, so they are easy to carry even when loaded up with groceries.
Retailers work their expenses into the prices they charge, so ultimately shoppers are paying for the single-use plastic bags they use; however, the bags do not appear as a line item on their receipt. There is concern among retailers in Minnesota that shoppers will not be happy if they have to pay for something they thought was free before.
Although retailers in California support their bag ban, retailers in Minnesota may feel that since they have been handing out disposable plastic bags they need to continue to provide something to their customers in the event of a bag ban. Any other type of bag would

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To discourage house flies from living in your home,

Choice 1: keep basil plants in the kitchen or windows.

Choice 2: keep lavender plants in the kitchen or window.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.174528
Retrieved Text: Flies | Anteater Exterminating Inc.
Why are there flies in my house?
If you’re dealing with an infestation of flies, you may be wondering what they’re doing in your house. The answer doesn’t lie with the flies you can see, it rests with the eggs you can’t see. Flies are attracted to places they can reproduce. This differs depending on the fly. The end result is the same though, you want to target the areas where flies breed. If you need help identifying these areas the best thing you can do is call in an exterminator from Anteater Exterminating Inc. We will help you identify and eliminate these areas.
What kinds of flies are there in Arizona?
Garage and waste areas: This includes kitchen garbage cans, break-room garbage cans, and outdoor dumpsters and garbage drop-off areas. These are prime breeding grounds for a wide variety of flies and provide them with a ready food source as well. [highlight]Keep garbage away from your building.[/highlight] This can help discourage outdoor flies from coming inside and creating a new home. You may also want to consider airtight garbage cans. Though flies can fit through very small spaces this can discourage them.
Feces and carcasses: You may think this only applies to livestock owners, but you’d be wrong. Homeowners that don’t clean up excrement from pets are inviting flies into their yard. The more waste you allow to build up, the further the smell will carry and the more flies it will attract. The best thing to do is [highlight]regularly clean up after your pet[/highlight]

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.266203
Retrieved Text: Our DEBug & DEHealth products will help to discourage fleas, mites and lice that can occur around the home because of pets.
Dust on and around bedding, kennels, blankets, etc, around your home where parasites may be present. DE can also be lightly sprinkled onto your carpet before leaving for a few days and vacuuming. When used in kitty litter boxes DEBug will assist odour control and moisture absorption. Pets can also be dusted or brushed directly with DE as a natural way to rid external parasites (avoiding eye area).
DE can be used in animal housing areas where an insect deterrant is needed or dampness is a problem, ie. chook sheds, barns, stalls, milking sheds, calf pens, stables, pigs pens, kennels, etc. It reduces fy larvae from developing in manure, noticeably reducing fly population. It can also help to dry wet spots. Livestock can be dusted in DE (ie. added to dust baths) which actively discouraging pests such as flies, fleas, ticks and mites. With improved living conditions, your livestock will be more settled and healthier.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.384445
Retrieved Text: Pest Control - Affordable Flies Control.
Every home is a haven of comfort and security for home owners. You could do family gatherings and bonding you like. One of the best seasons to enjoy at home is the summer where most of most the family members are on vacation from school or at work. If you are living in Ottawa, this would be a time for you.
However, your great time at home could be interrupted by the presence of flies inside the house. How are you get rid of these? Don’t worry. Here are effective ways that would keep your home safe from flies.
To come up with the best solution to prevent flies in going inside your home, you need to identify the kind of fly you are dealing with. This could be fruit flies, house flies or fruit flies. In doing the right fly identification, it would be easy for you think of the tight solutions of getting rid of the flies.
The next step you are going to do is find the breeding source of the flies. It is proven that the breeding sources is located 500 to 800 meters from the infected area. From here, you could start your search. Make sure you have correct lead and estimation of the breeding source to ensure the fly prevention process would be a sure success.
Now that you have located the breeding source, it’s time to do some major clean up. Use the right cleaning equipment so that the infestation of the flies would be prevented. Make sure

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.956327
Retrieved Text: What are the treatments for bees & flies?
Flies may be a hassle when glancing about your assumption if in massive amounts. A few species of fly pose health risks. House flies carry a broad array of ailments such as cholera, dysentery, tuberculosis, salmonella and parasitic worms. In India, there’s a risk of disease transmitted via flies. When care requirements are optimum, flies frequently are the reason behind dysentery and cholera epidemics.
But under ordinary circumstances, older and children are at a much greater chance of running prevalent diseases like salmonella food poisoning out of food. Flies spread disorders due to their feeding and breeding habits. From in which the fly feed , Compounds would get stuck in footpads and their mouth areas eventually spreading. If it is vulnerable food which you’re just going to consume imagine. There are methods you take precautions as it has the capability and also can identify indications of an fly infestation.
How do I know if I have a flies infestation?
Noticing a noisy flies into your enterprise or your home, might not automatically imply there’s an infestation. It must work to take some security measures.
Modest dark clusters of stains (the size of a pinhead) — seem at ceilings and other overhead structures and wall surfaces. In which waste might be collecting, Assess places that are tough to wash such as drains and channels. Regions and traps around sinks and under flooring tiling that was damaged also needs to be tracked.
Frequent sighting of flies – sizable variety of flies buzzing round crap dump areas

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.863514
Retrieved Text: These parasites are known for their itchy bites and are often brought into your home by an infested pet. Catseye will work with you to identify the flea hot spots where your pet spends most of their time and will concentrate treatment in those areas. Our flea control service includes an insect growth regulator that disrupts the development of the fleas so they can’t reproduce. We also apply material that eliminates the adults. This approach attacks the problem from both the beginning and end of the flea’s life cycle. We begin treatment of your house after your pet has been treated by a veterinarian to prevent a resurgence of fleas after our flea control service is complete.
When it comes to spider problems, Catseye begins by eliminating the spiders’ food source. This is often common household pests like ants and house flies. We also clear out all the spiderwebs and apply an organic “dewebbing” material that prevents webs from attaching to the surface. Our spider control service includes applying residual material that primarily treats for spiders.
Catseye will locate and treat adult flies and larvae sites in and around your home. Often, we will use a non-chemical approach which consists of cleaning breeding sites such as trash containers, dumpsters, drains and anywhere there is an accumulation of rotting organic matter. We sometimes install fly lights which attracts the flies and administers a mild shock so that the fly drops into a sticky trap in the tray below. Zappers are highly discouraged because the fly will actually explode when

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.308382
Retrieved Text: Pests; they're everywhere. They crawl, they fly, and they hide in your home. No house, it seems, is safe from pests. Cockroaches, ants, and mice infestations are a serious threat to the safety of your home and your family. From the attic down to the dark basement, they invade your home and make life difficult for everyone. But if your first impulse is to reach for that household pesticide in the hardware store, think again. Pesticides you get from the supermarket are either insecticides for killing insects or rodenticides used to exterminate rats and mice. But both types are poisonous chemicals and if not handled carefully, they'll have negative impact on your health, your family, pets and the environment.
If you have a small pest problem and you decide to use a pesticide product yourself to deal with it, there are safety precautions to follow. Most pesticide poisoning occurs by ingesting the chemical so make sure to cover food and cooking utensils before you apply the pesticide. Pets, too, are quite vulnerable to the dangers of household pesticides so always remove or cover fish tanks and bird cages from the room that needs to be treated. And after you apply the chemicals, clean all surfaces and utensils before you use them again. If you use fly spray, open the windows to air the place before you allow children and pets back.
Alternatively, you should consider other methods to control pests that you can handle safely. One way is to make your place as inhospitable to rodents and insects

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.916872
Retrieved Text: When determining the Best Fly Spray for Horses, it can become a difficult choice as there are many to choose from.
What do you use to eradicate flies and harmful insects around your horse at home? Which flies do you often come across?
Bugs and flies can bite your horse, causing discomfort, irritation and even sometimes diseases.
As a horse owner, you should use effective and quick-killing fly spray to protect your horse from bites and harmful insects during summer and even during wet seasons.
Depending on your environmental conditions, your horse may encounter different biting insects such deer flies, midges, ticks, mosquitoes, wasps, chiggers, house flies and even fleas.
In this post, we are going to discuss 5 of the best fly sprays for horses and what makes them effective.
Read on to find, which fly sprays to use on your horses.
Depending on the manufacturer, fly sprays can be made from different formulations. However, most fly sprays are made from essential oils and sold over the counter just like other drugs and chemical remedies.
Commonly used essential oils in these sprays include lavender, eucalyptus, as well as sandalwood and tea tree. The oils are often added to water in a spray bottle and applied on the horse.
However, other manufacturers may use garlic extracts and lavender oils as well as other natural fly repellents and secrete oils to prepare the spray. Even though such preparations may have unpleasant smells and tastes when mixed with essential oils, they are often powerful, killing and repelling the flies away.
v Pesticides. These chemicals kill the flies by

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.908493
Retrieved Text: fruit flies in kitchen summertime is a great time to know how to prevent fruit flies in your kitchen a beautiful bowl of fresh fruit or vegetables on the kitchen counter looks get rid of fruit flies i.
carved wall art wood carving wall art hanging hand carved wooden plaque sculpture 1 carved wall art decor.
mid century interior doors mid century modern interiors beautiful mid century modern kitchen interior designs mid century modern interior door knobs mid century interior door knobs.
garden hose coupler garden hose connectors 1 2 garden hose connectors fittings replacement end hoses at home depot repair garden hose female faucet to male garden hose adapter.
country kitchen wall paper wallpaper for kitchen cabinets full size of country kitchen country kitchen wallpaper wallpaper for kitchen cabinets full size of country kitchen wallpaper french country wa.
diy led light panels hope to buy quality guaranteed solar water panels if so come to and we offer you sun solar panels of various items our thin film solar panel home design ideas youtube.
hoover garage vacuum wall mount vacuum for garage hoover garage vacuum wall mounted vacuum cleaner cleaning the garage tremendous hoover guv prograde garage utility vacuum l23100.
lowes garden pavers garden x garden x patio garden center lowes outdoor pavers.
outdoor living room outdoor living room design with fine outdoor living room design with excellent ideas free large outdoor living room furniture set.
out house toilet paper holder toilet paper holder house farmhouse freestanding toilet paper holder.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.71569
Retrieved Text: Are House Flies Breeding Inside Your Home?
By Chris Williams on August 8, 2016.
For an accurate diagnosis, you really need to have the flies identified. If they’re the size and shape of house flies, they could be house flies, or cluster flies, or blow flies, among others. If they are indeed house flies, they could be coming in from a breeding source outside (animal feces, rotting vegetation, garbage, etc.), or there could be a breeding source inside (see House Flies Indoors?).
If It’s Disgusting, Flies Will Love It!
If you’re fairly confident that you don’t have anything putrid or rotting in your yard and you don’t leave unscreened windows open so flies can enter, the next thing we have to consider is where the flies could be breeding in your home. Keep in mind that flies feed on and lay eggs in anything that is rotting or putrefying. The likely breeding sites for house fly larvae indoors include animal carcasses, large numbers of dead insects, rotting meat or produce, and pet feces (see Sources for House Flies Inside a Home). I know of a case where a meat delivery for a home freezer was left as usual on the customer’s workbench in the basement. The customer forgot about it and had to deal with a rotting mess and a houseful of flies several days later!
In situations like yours though, our first thought is that there is a dead animal hidden in a wall void, attic, crawlspace, or some other out-of-the-way place. The animal could be as small as a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.631954
Retrieved Text: If you think pests only prefer the dirtiest home, think again. Even the cleanest homes can have a critter problem because rodents, insects, and other animals aren’t looking for depraved conditions. They are looking for warmth, food, and shelter. Any home can be a haven for critters. Therefore, when you have a pest problem at your home, you need reliable pest control services in St. Augustine, Fl.
Take care of standing water in your home. Do you have a clogged floor drain? Do you have a bowl under the kitchen sink collecting water from a leaky pipe? Insects love stagnant water. Fix leaky pipes and clogged drains to discourage insects from making your house their home.
Seal windows and doors. All it takes is a sliver of an opening for ants, flies, and small insects to get into your home. Window and door sealant can be found at the local home improvement store for less than $10.
Repair holes in your attic, roof, and crawl spaces. Homes that are in disrepair attract large critters like squirrels, raccoons, possums, snakes, and mice. Critters who nest in homes damage electrical systems, plumbing components, and their droppings are hazardous to your health.
To get the most out of home pest control in St. Augustine, homeowners should follow the advice of their technician. Not only does preventive action keep critters from causing damage, it also reduces the amount of pesticides and other chemicals in your home.
How Do I Find Pest Control Near Me in St. Augustine?
Pest control services advertise online and can be found

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.45615
Retrieved Text: Pests like rats and insects have an uncanny ability to find entry points into your home you may have overlooked.
The best way to keep pests out is by not giving rodents and insects a chance to gain entry into your abode. HowStuffWorks.com will bet you dollars to doughnuts that if you take a look at your home's envelope (exterior walls, doors, windows and roof), you'll find some surprising points of entry. While you use a door to come in and out of your house, bugs and rodents are much less picky. They'll come in through cracks in your foundation, unsealed windows and gaps between your walls and floors. Not only will sealing these areas with caulk will help keep pests from coming indoors, it'll also help you save on home energy costs.
Despite your best efforts, however, you'll likely find that household pests will get into your home. You can combat rodent and insect pests once they've found a way in by simply making your house as inhospitable for them as possible.
Insects need food, water and shelter to survive. But rather than turning on the faucet for a cup of water or going to the store for groceries, they look for resources in some places you might overlook. Standing water in a dish beneath a potted indoor plant might as well be a watering hole on the African savanna as far as pests like cockroaches, mice and flies are concerned [source: CDPR]. Look around your house: You may find other places where water is standing. Take away

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.295708
Retrieved Text: Cluster flies are a large species of fly; adult cluster flies can grow up to ½ of an inch long, which is slightly larger than the common house fly. These flies are often confused with house flies, but it is important to understand that they are two totally different species. The body of the cluster fly is long and narrow. These flies are dull gray in color; cluster flies also typically have dark black and golden-colored hairs on their thorax and legs. When at rest, the wings of these flies overlap at their tips, while the wings of the house flies do not.
Unlike many other species of fly, cluster flies do not lay their eggs in the food that we eat, and are not known to transmit serious diseases to people.
Why are cluster flies on my property?
Cluster flies invade homes and other warm buildings in the late fall while seeking a place to overwinter. The attics, crawl spaces, and wall voids found inside these structures offer cluster flies refuge from the cold winter weather outside.
Cluster flies become a nuisance on warm, sunny days as they emerge from their hiding spots and “cluster” around windows, light switches, light fixtures, and doors.
Cluster flies can be difficult pests to eliminate because they tend to hide in the hard-to-reach areas of your home; therefore, getting rid of cluster flies f is a job that should be left to the pest control professionals.
When you contact Spencer Pest Services, we'll dispatch a Service Professional to inspect and treat your property with effective

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.238882
Retrieved Text: Flesh flies are a species of fly, which thrives in warm climates. As their name suggests, these flies are attracted to organic materials (particularly rotting organic materials) and require live or dead tissue in order to complete their life cycle. Flesh flies give birth to live larvae, placing the larvae inside carrion, excrement, or inside open wounds, to complete their development.
What do flesh flies look like?
Flesh flies look similar to house flies, but are typically larger and have bright red eyes. Adult flesh flies are light gray in color and have a distinctive checkerboard pattern on top of their abdomen. They have three black stripes running down their thorax and also may have a reddish-colored tip found at the end of their abdomen.
Where am I likely to see flesh flies?
Flesh flies are attracted to properties that give them easy access to things they need to feed and breed. Properties, which have exposed trash, pet excrement, or compost bins that aren’t being maintained properly, can easily attract flesh flies. Flesh flies are also highly attracted to carrion and can become problematic inside homes after invading a rodent or other small animal, which has died behind a home’s walls or inside a crawl space.
Flesh flies are typically found living outside, breeding in decaying organic materials, and do not bite people. However, if they do find their way inside a home, it is important to eliminate them as quickly as possible because, as with other species of flies, they have the potential to carry bacteria and parasites on their

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.186144
Retrieved Text: Need help getting rid of pestering house flies in your home or business?
Do you have flies in your Bakersfield home or business? If so, you’re not alone. Flies often enter into homes and businesses during the warm months. Once inside, female house flies will lay five to six batches of 75 – 100 eggs. Certain species can even transmit disease, as well as parasitic worms.
Physical control measures must be put into place, repair screens, locate and remove harbourages and other food sources. If the breeding material being used by your House Fly population isn’t found and removed, flies will continue to reproduce. Baits, traps and insecticides may also be required if physical control measures do not suffice.
Start getting rid of these pesky critters today! Call Safeguard Pest Services at 661-205-5220 for a thorough inspection and to get rid of house flies with the most effective house fly treatments available.
Flies enter a home through holes that are next to window screens along with small cracks that may be near doors or windows. In some cases, homeowners may bring them into the house on produce. Flies also enter a home when residents forget to close windows or doors. Flies are unsanitary, and homeowners should eliminate them quickly since they often land on food preparation surfaces. Bakersfield climate encourages houseflies to breed. Therefore, residents may consider taking extra precautions to stop the pests from invading their home.
To prevent a fly infestation, homeowners should wash all of the produce that they bring into their home. They should also remove garbage.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.176933
Retrieved Text: From time to time, different types of pests invade our houses and create problems for us, prompting us to take measures to control them. Electronic devices to control these unwanted pests are explained further.
Man has tried many approaches from using smoke to poisonous chemicals like DDT to control one or the other species of pests. A new approach to pest control is the invention of electronic devices. They employ various forms of technology to free you from troublesome pests.
They are not designed to kill pests but to scare them away saving you from physically removing dead pests from your house. They use electromagnetic waves, sonic and ultrasonic sound waves, or ultraviolet (UV) rays to discourage pests. There are some pest control machines that perform the job of a scarecrow by scaring large animals like deer, raccoons, etc.
Ultrasonic pest control machines emit ultrasonic sound waves which irritate the pests so much that they leave your house. Manufacturers of these products are claiming that the ultrasonic waves emitted does not harm humans or pets.
These devices can drive rats, bats, squirrels, rodents, and spiders away from your home. The frequency of the sound waves emitted by these devices can be changed automatically or manually so that the pests don't get used to it.
These devices manipulate the wavelength of the frequency signals present in the electrical wiring and thus claim to manipulate electromagnetic field inside the house, which irritate the pests and make them leave your house.
These devices are primarily used against flying insects. They are used in combination with

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.102242
Retrieved Text: Although fleas are notoriously troublesome to eradicate, you need to use several methods to rid your property of the fleas and their eggs. Start by vacuuming them every single day and then utilizing a flea spray. Remember to throw out the vacuum bag outside. Verify to see if your refrigerator or pantry has any meals gadgets that are expiring soon or stale already. When you’ve got food that’s stale, it could entice not only bugs but maggots and flies as properly. This is a messy drawback that you will want to keep away from at all costs.
If you happen to consider you’ve bed bugs, you’ll be able to help control the population by washing your garments. However, you must watch out when doing so. Put all of your clothes into a plastic bag. Seal it as much as take it to the laundry room. Wash it all within the hottest water attainable after which dry it on high heat. Do not forget that it is vitally exhausting to eradicate bed bugs on your own, so name around and see if a company will do a free inspection for you.
Bee’s stings are painful, and might even be deadly for some individuals. Make sure bees don’t build a nest on or near your private home. In case you notice bees near your private home, verify to ensure they don’t seem to be constructing a nest. Wasp spray can be used from a distance to kill the bees earlier than you remove the nest. Check to see when you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.061304
Retrieved Text: Common New Jersey flies carry diseases and transport germs and viruses.
Flies belong to the order Diptera which means that they only have a single pair of wings. There are many species of flies and gnats; with most having one thing in common, they are capable of spreading many types of bacteria and pathogens wherever they land. Some of the most common fly and gnat species are listed below.
House flies are small and gray and about 1/8 to 1/4 of an inch long; females are larger than the males. Adult house flies have 4 distinctive longitudinal stripes on the thorax. As their name suggests, house flies are a very common household pests. Females can lay up to 900 eggs at one time that hatch within 8 to 20 hours. This means that a small problem with house flies can quickly become a large problem, especially since their entire life cycle can be completed in as little as 6 days.
Gnats are typically less than 1/4 of an inch long. Many people see these small flies and think they are babies; but they are not. They are full grown adults. Depending on the species, gnats are yellowish, or tan to dark brown in color. Common small fly species include fruit flies, phorid flies, and fungus gnats. These flies are all typically associated with areas of high moisture and can become quite problematic in kitchen, pantry, and garbage areas. Like most fly species their life cycle, from egg to adult, is very quick – often completed in 8 to 10

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.922884
Retrieved Text: Many pest control technicians are busy during the summer months combating ants, mosquitoes, and the common house fly. Flies are easily identifiable and some have stripes on their thorax. They regurgitate their saliva which helps break down solid food so they can soak up the liquid. They are attracted to wet areas so here are some tips in trying to keep them in check during the summer.
House flies do more than just buzz around. They can transfer over 65 diseases including cholera, dysentery, poliomyelitis, and tuberculosis. Flies accrue nasty pathogens when they rest on sewers, trash, feces, and any other moist or decaying material. If you feel you have an infestation please call Zip Zap Termite & Pest Control. 816-407-PEST (7378) so we can aid in keeping your family healthy and to prevent your home from becoming tainted.
Whenever possible use door and window screens. This will help keep flies out of your house. Flies will find holes and gaps so please check your screens occasionally to make sure they are sound and secure. Flies will also find openings on any pipes or conduits entering the home. Caulk these areas that channel into your home.
There are several ways to eliminate flies from your home. The most common practices are using sticky fly traps, ultra-violet lights, and baited traps. Fly swatters are effecting when trying to get rid of the lone fly. Zip Zap Termite & Pest Control can set up bait traps to help keep the flies away.
There are simple daily practices that will help keep infestations

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.623125
Retrieved Text: Verify all of your exterior doors thoroughly. It’s important to ensure that no daylight is shining by the underside of them all. Some doorways to pay particular attention to are your front door and your exterior garage door. For those who see daylight, try adjusting the peak of their thresholds and possibly adding some weather striping to them. Store flour, cereals, sugar, and different dry items in sealed plastic, glass, or metal containers. This prevents invasions of pantry moths, weevils, ants, and even mice in your kitchen. Don’t count on cardboard or other flimsy packaging to maintain pests out. Mice can chew by means of them, and insects can penetrate tiny openings.
If you wish to eliminate the ants round your house, sprinkle some borax powder near your property. It will help to poison the ants so that they are stopped in their tracks and can’t come back. This can assist to temporarily eliminate the ant downside during sure seasons of the year. Always make sure that folks and pets are properly protected from a pesticide. Pesticides could cause serious hurt to residing things if precaution is just not used. Therefore, make sure that the situation you apply the pesticide is freed from folks, pets, and even toys and and dishes. Be further careful when using a pesticide near a stream, effectively, backyard, college, or workplace.
Guantee that your kitchen doesn’t have grease issues. Grease is a regular dietary staple of ants, roaches and quite a few small flies. Drain flies really breed in grease pans. So, get

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.590157
Retrieved Text: How to Get Rid of Flies: Quickly, Easily and for Good.
How to get rid of flies? Well, flies come in a variety of shapes, sizes and temperaments. The fly we will be dealing with today is the ubiquitous house fly…which happens to be precisely where you don’t want to see it. Beyond the conventional fly swatter, there are other solutions to the question of how to get rid of flies.
Although the name “house fly” suggests refinement and domestication, these repulsive yet common flies are anything but that. House flies are most commonly associated with hovering around and feeding upon feces–that’s right, poop. Indeed, house flies are not for the faint of heart. Research at Penn State University cites that house flies are strongly suspected of transmitting at least 65 diseases to humans, including typhoid fever, dysentery, cholera, and a slew of others. Because they’ve adapted well to feeding on garbage, they are a common occurrence just about anywhere people live.
So how do we get rid of flies, particularly those house flies buzzing around our home? We go to battle against them. And like any battle tactic, there are two basic approaches. There’s the offensive approach and the defensive approach. We’ll cover both of these, but let’s begin with the most effective of these which of course is the defensive approach.
Keep your house tidy–inside and out. It’s as simple as that. This basic, common sense advice is the most effective measure in keeping house flies from infesting your home. Leaving moist, decaying organic matter (of any kind)

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.487686
Retrieved Text: There are over 18,000 different species of flies in North America. 200 of these species thrive in human environments. The annoying buzzing and erratic flying are not the only reasons why flies are pests. Flies can also carry dangerous disease-causing organisms. The house fly alone has the potential to spread dysentery, anthrax and typhoid fever. Flies can be beneficial decomposers and pollinators, and sometimes fly larvae is even used to help heal flesh wounds because they eat decaying skin. These winged pests are also an important food source for some animals and insects. There are various ways flies may infiltrate your home from fruit flies carried in with groceries to cluster flies that will overwinter in large numbers in your wall or attic.
Not all flies bite, but there are many species that can. “Biting flies” have piercing mouthparts that they use to break the skin and release saliva that prevents your blood from clotting. These bites often result in painful and itchy welts. Certain species of biting flies can transmit diseases like bartonellosis, leishmaniasis and tularemia. Some people can also have allergic reactions to fly bites.
Usually it is pretty clear that you have a fly problem, you will see flies darting around your fluorescent lights and windows, and will hear that characteristic buzzing. You may notice little black marks on your light bulbs which are fly droppings. These droppings include a pheromone, a chemical signal, that lets other flies know that the area is a good place to hang out. You might also see what looks

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.46843
Retrieved Text: home remedies for house plants insects bugging your plants try these 10 natural insecticides home remedies for dying house plants.
home remedies for house plants spider plant home remedies for gnats in house plants.
home remedies for house plants image titled prevent spider mites on houseplants step 1 home remedies for indoor plants with bugs.
home remedies for house plants 6 diy tips for watering your houseplants while away on vacation home remedies for houseplants.
home remedies for house plants bug killer for plants houseplant bug killer homemade spray houseplants diy bug killer for indoor plants home remedies for houseplants.
home remedies for house plants bugs in house plants bugs on indoor plants how bugs houseplants home remedies home remedies for gnats in houseplants.
home remedies for house plants 5 amazing tropical plants because winter is dead to me effective home remedies for gnats in the house and fruit flies effective home remedies for gnats in the house and fruit flies inside how to get rid of gnat.
home remedies for house plants how to care for aloe vera plants home remedies for aphids on houseplants.
home remedies for house plants the ultimate guide to never killing a houseplant again plant filled homes pinterest plants indoor plants and garden insects bugging your plants try these natural insecticides insects bugging your plants try these natural insecticides.
home remedies for house plants home remedy for aphids on plants home remedy for aphids on indoor plants here we have home remedy for bugs in houseplants soil.
home remedies for house plants home remedies for aphids on houseplants.
home remedies for

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.43285
Retrieved Text: Cluster flies are often mistaken for the common house fly, but there are some differences that make the cluster fly unique. Cluster flies are bigger, with the adults growing to be between 3/8th and ½ of an inch in length. Cluster flies are not metallic in appearance like house flies; they have gray bodies, with darker black markings and golden yellow hairs on their thorax and legs.
Cluster flies don’t lay their eggs in human food like other species of flies, they lay their eggs near earthworm burrows; because of this they don’t carry and transmit as many diseases and bacteria as other species of flies. Cluster flies are not considered to be dangerous; they don’t sting or bite and are basically considered to be only a nuisance pest.
Why do I have a cluster fly problem?
Cluster flies often enter into homes and other buildings in the late fall in order to have warm, safe shelter for the winter months. Once inside they hide in attics, crawl spaces and in the spaces behind walls. Sometimes on warm sunny days cluster flies emerge from their hiding spots and will collect around windows, light switches, ceiling fixtures, and door or window frames.
Cluster flies can be difficult to prevent because they can enter through very small openings in the exterior of your home and can also be very difficult to get rid of because they hide in the hard to reach areas of your home. At All-American Pest Control, we can help to eliminate cluster flies and other common household pests

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.406752
Retrieved Text: Wasps are general nuisances, especially in summer when they are attracted to sweet foodstuffs and can in some cases cause severe allergic reactions. When a nest crops up nearby, they can be dangerous as they can react aggressively if their nest is threatened and become a persistent pest.
Large conspicuous buzzing insects with yellow and black striped waists measuring about 10-15mm. The queen wasp is larger than normal wasps at about 20mm.
Wasp nests can be located by watching the pathway of returning wasps. These are usually located in sheltered spots with easy access to the outside such as in roof spaces, under eaves, bird boxes or sheds. A wasp nest is made from chewed pulp and saliva which gives them their distinctively papery look. These start off the size of a golf ball early on in the year, but can rapidly increase in size as the number of wasps increase.
Changes to how you handle food and drink outdoors can minimise the chances of wasp infestations. Keeping bins at a distance from your home and securing these bins should discourage the wasps from settling near your home.
If you locate a nest, it is advised that you seek professional pest control services. However, for immediate relief, there are several first instance products available.
Insecticide powders: Where a nest is not visible, insecticide powders are a useful treatment. Here powders can be applied to the areas where they gain entry into the house.
Sprays: Multi-purpose are useful to have at hand to target the insects directly.
Mosquitoes are notorious for their bites, which

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.367489
Retrieved Text: While there are household pests that cause more damage, there are few insects that are more annoying around the house than flies. Because they feed on virtually any organic material, they may be drawn to your home if food is left out or your trash is not taken outside promptly. There are commercial products available to keep flies away from your home, but you may already have some items around the house that can do the trick just as well and without any chemical fumes.
Flies are among the most annoying household pests.
One of the most common household substances that can be used to repel flies and other insects is citronella. Citronella is an aromatic grass that is native to Southern Asia and has a strong lemon scent that can drive off flies. You may already have candles made with a citronella scent in your home that can be burned near windows and on countertops to ward off flies. If you have citronella oil for aromatherapy purposes, fill a sealable container with the oil and allow a rag or sponge to saturate in it for a day. When flies become an issue, take the lid off the container to release the scent and keep them away.
Eucalyptus oil can be used in a similar manner as citronella oil. Saturate a cloth in the oil and allow it to sit out in any areas where flies are a problem. You can also wrap eucalyptus leaves in cheesecloth and hang the satchels from doorways or windows to keep flies from

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.315718
Retrieved Text: We usually respond within 24 hours on weekdays. Masonite room dividers and floors. Roof lifts off and room dividers and floors lift out for easy cleaning. Features protective rails for small birds and entrance holes designed to discourage starlings from using the house. 19in x 21-1/2in x 18-1/2in high.
Twelve room Martin house - Solid redwood construction - Masonite room dividers and floors - Roof lifts off and room dividers and floors lift out for easy cleaning - Features protective rails for small birds and entrance holes designed to discourage starlings from using the house. Heath M-12SR Starling Proof Resistant Purple Martin Cedar Bird House. The item "Heath M-12SR Starling Proof Resistant Purple Martin Cedar Bird House" is in sale since Monday, November 27, 2017. This item is in the category "Home & Garden\Yard, Garden & Outdoor Living\Bird & Wildlife Accessories\Birdhouses". The seller is "home-garden-and-beyond1" and is located in US.
This item can be shipped to United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Australia, Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Slovenia, Japan, China, Sweden, South Korea, Indonesia, Taiwan, South africa, Thailand, Belgium, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Italy, Germany, Austria, Russian federation, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, Ukraine, Croatia, Malaysia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa rica, Dominican republic, Panama, Trinidad and tobago, Guatemala, El salvador, Honduras, Jamaica, Antigua and barbuda, Aruba, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Saint kitts and nevis, Saint lucia, Montserrat, Turks and caicos islands, Barbados, Bangladesh, Bermuda, Brunei darussalam, Bolivia, Ecuador, Egypt, French guiana, Guernsey, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.312824
Retrieved Text: bench with storage bins medium size of benchbench with storage bins tif wid cvt bench with storage bins storage bench with canvas bins target.
best home scents best home scents scented sachet embroidery white roses better homes scented wax warmer gift set best home scents best natural home scents fragrance.
building a walkin shower walk in shower ideas sebring services building a walk in shower with tile.
ikea folding bed single sofa bed modern lazy sofa single small inflatable sofa bed hammarn sofabed ikea hammarn sofabed.
cool doormats lifes a beach doormat welcome mat summer door mat cute home decor best modern doormats.
higgins group lindsay brown higgins group bedford square knowledge.
granite countertops lexington ky discount granite countertops lexington ky white pages.
round dining room table round dining table seats 8 white round dining room table with leaf.
flies in house where are they coming from jupiterimagesphotoscomgetty images fruit flies in my house where are they coming from the inside golf.
kelly landscaping kelly landscaping belmar nj rentals.
childrens room rug huahoo super soft indoor modern shag area silky rugs dining room living room bedroom rug baby nursery rug childrens kids room rug carpet floor mat for home childrens.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.219265
Retrieved Text: House Fly, Living, Pupae, Pack of 150 is rated 3.8 out of 5 by 4.
This 150 pack of house fly pupae mature at room temperature and eclosion takes place 3 or 4 days after being received. Complete with care instructions.
This 150 pack of house fly pupae mature at room temperature and eclosion takes place 3 or 4 days after being received. Complete with care instructions. Should not be shipped over a weekend. Carolina recommends that you request your order to arrive on a Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday (or even a Saturday) to avoid weekend shipping.
Rated 5 out of 5 by MamaR from They hatched right on time with the help of a space heater I was skeptical when my son came home with a fly project due in 2 weeks but they arrived on time and hatched at 3-4 days in front of a space heater in a wintery month! We made the waste basket fly house with ease with a cut off long sleeved tshirt sleeve glued to the side of the basket and some Tuelle rubber banded to the top. No escapees in my house!
Rated 4 out of 5 by Emmaus from Met our needs for science fair experiments The pupae arrived in a timely manner. They took about 1 week to hatch. Probably about 50% emerged as adult flies, perhaps due to the cold weather during shipping, but the container arrived with extra pupae which covered the losses, and we had more than sufficient flies for our experiments.
Rated 5 out of 5 by

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.145046
Retrieved Text: Easy to keep & highly resilient, your brand-new magnetic insect displays are perfect for those hot summer season where a consistent stream of great air is always a welcome addition inside any space.
As maintaining the flies out of your job or house, a quality do it on your own magnetic bug screen mounted (supplied FREE to your home from the team @ MagneticInsectScreens.net) will certainly not block your view or obstruct out any type of natural light.
As creating a comfortable functioning or living atmosphere, a magnetic window fly screen system is additionally completely compliant to your regional food agency which suggests they are the excellent option for resort kitchens, food manufacturers, and also hectic dining establishments.
Whether you are trying to find a Do It Yourself home window screens window display for the house, or for a service location, these functional DIY pest screens will deliver years of remarkable efficiency without any type of expensive maintenance or cleansing prices.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.07305
Retrieved Text: Your house fly is the most usual type of fly. Rubbish, manure and left-over food attract them. They are especially common where pets are maintained, attracted by animal food and excrement. Any type of raw material left in a cozy setting is most likely to bring in flies.
Your house fly prepares its meal by spitting saliva on to food. The saliva melts it, so the fly could then draw it up. This process can spread out microorganisms and viruses from decaying dead animals, http://www.pest-control.bg/services/pruskane-protiv-muhi/ and manure, to food regarding to be consumed by human beings.
Plainly, it is necessary to avoid flies from contaminating food, food preparation equipment, plates and cutlery.
It's typical for a couple of flies to exist in any type of place, however a great deal of them show a trouble which requires to be determined as well as corrected. There might be a sewer leakage, or a dead animal providing food for the flies. Any kind of such chance to lay eggs will attract flies.
The eggs hatch out as maggots. These ultimately come to be chrysalises which, subsequently, create flies in lots.
Getting rid of the resource of food will minimize the chance for flies to reproduce, also decreasing the number of flies to be managed in other means.
The majority of kinds of food taken in by people attract flies. Aim to prevent them acquiring access to the food by covering it in all times, and also by storing food in carefully covered containers, or in the refrigerator or fridge freezer.
Always clean traces of food

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to make Caramel Chocolate chip Girl Scout Cookie Vanilla Ice cream at home.

Choice 1: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled Caramelized Onions, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk 1 teaspoon Vanilla extract.  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Stir in 1 1/2 cups Caramel Chocolate Chip Girl Scout cookies (Sliced in 3/4" strips or crumbles)  and 1/2 cup Chocolate chips.  Transfer mixture to two 8x8x2 inch baking pans. Freeze about 8 hours until firm.

Choice 2: In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk 1 teaspoon Vanilla extract.  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Stir in 1 1/2 cups Caramel Chocolate Chip Girl Scout cookies (Sliced in 3/4" strips or crumbles)  and 1/2 cup Chocolate chips.  Transfer mixture to two 8x8x2 inch baking pans. Freeze about 8 hours until firm.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 67.98158
Retrieved Text: Double chocolate cookie with dark chocolate ice cream.
Double chocolate cookie with vanilla ice cream.
M&M sugar cookie with vanilla ice cream.
Chocolate chip cookie with strawberry ice cream.
Peanut butter chocolate cookie with dark chocolate ice cream.
Chocolate chip cookies with dark chocolate chip ice cream.
Chocolate-mint cookie with fresh mint ice cream.
Sugar cookie with vanilla ice cream.
A "magically delicious" 7 layer graham cracker, chocolate and coconut confection.
A melt in your mouth crust made with hazelnut and almond flours, with a touch of cinnamon, filled with raspberry jam.
Fudge brownies with ooey gooey caramel swirled in sprinkled with sea salt.
chewy white chocolate brownie with white chocolate chips and hazelnuts.
The original sinful chocolate fudge bar with a dash of delicious walnuts.
The ultimate in classic decadence. A rich and gooey chocolate fudge bar.
Pecans, honey and a sugar dough crust make this an all-time favorite.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 66.53331
Retrieved Text: 1. Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough. B&J knew they were onto something big when they made the world’s first batch of Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough ice cream in 1984. Today the flavor still reigns among their all-time most popular concoctions. And how can it not be? It’s not even one of their more complex or fancier flavors. It’s quite simple. Vanilla ice cream with gobs (and yes, there are actual gobs!) of chocolate chip cookie dough. My daughter LOVES this flavor too!
Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough, introduced in 1984.
2. Milk & Cookies. We also love this flavor. It’s probably one of the best sellers for any cookie lover. Vanilla ice cream with a chocolate cookie swirl, chocolate chip & chocolate chocolate chip cookies. Did you get that? Yup, it’s chock full of cookies, and it’s heavenly!
Milk & Cookies, introduced in 2012.
3. Half Baked. This is another one of our favorites. Chocolate & vanilla ice creams with fudge brownies & gobs (yes again with the gobs) of chocolate chip cookie dough. A little bit of everything, it’s just delicious!
Half Baked, introduced in 2000.
4. Strawberry Cheesecake. This is one of my all time favorite flavors, however, my daughter doesn’t care much for it (she doesn’t like cheesecake…gasp!). Strawberry cheesecake ice cream with strawberries and a thick graham cracker swirl. Any cheesecake lover (like myself) will be thrilled with this flavor, and the graham cracker swirl, is just awesome.
Strawberry Cheesecake, introduced in 2005.
5. Spectacular Speculoos Cookie Core. Ah…the cores! These are some amazingly delicious flavors that B&J came out with some

########
Rank: 2
Score: 66.1654
Retrieved Text: cookie receipt sugar cookie receipt sugar cookies sugar cookie recipe soft sugar cookie receipt cookie recipe no eggs no milk.
cookie receipt girl scout cookie sales polka dot receipts by girl scouts ideas girls gs cookies and brownie girl scouts cookie recipe without brown sugar or vanilla.
cookie receipt sugar cookie receipt the best chewy sugar cookies glittering with brown sugar crystals on the outside sugar cookie receipt cookie recipe no eggs uk.
cookie receipt cookie recipe uk chocolate.
cookie receipt cookie recipe presented by art of the pie cant wait to try it cookie recipe no eggs uk.
cookie receipt receipt for cookies cookie receipts cookie receipts receipt for cookies full size of sugar cookie recipe receipt for cookies cookie recipes without baking powder and brown sugar.
cookie receipt biscuit and cookie recipes cookie recipes without baking powder or vanilla extract.
cookie receipt sugar cookie receipt heavenly stuffed salted caramel sugar cookies recipe sugar cookie recipe without baking powder sugar cookie receipt cookie recipes for kids.
cookie receipt best girl scout cookie images on cookie time for girl scout cookie receipt cookie recipe chocolate chip coconut.
cookie receipt the best mm cookies cookie recipe no eggs uk.
cookie receipt receipt click the image for a larger version cookie recipe real cookie recipes without butter and eggs.
cookie receipt hotel chocolate chip cookies cookie recipes without butter.
cookie receipt this is the best sugar cookie recipe no chilling the dough cookies keep their cookie recipe uk.
cookie receipt this chocolate chip cookie recipe is even better than the chocolate chip cookie recipe cookie recipe easy peanut butter.
cookie receipt photo

########
Rank: 3
Score: 66.14481
Retrieved Text: A chopped up cookie, spun into an extra thick milkshake. Drizzled with sauce, topped with whipped cream, and sprinkled with toppings. You pick the cookie, ice cream, sauce, and topping!
The classic cookie but bigger, thicker and tastier!
Peanut butter infused cookie dough is combined with Reese's Peanut Butter Cups and Reese's Pieces, decorated with melted peanut butter and showered chocolate flakes.
Chunks of Oreo baked into salted caramel and fudge batter, drizzled with more salted caramel and a sprinkle of sea salt.
Chocolate chip cookie dough, baked with a layer of marshmallow, coated with decadent fudge, and sprinkled with crushed graham crackers.
Choose your favorite deep dish cookie pie with your favorite ice cream and top it with your favorite toppings! Comes with fudge, caramel, & whipped cream.
A hazelnut dough with a layer of Nutella baked in the center, topped with dollops of Nutella and caramel crisp pearls.
Sugar cookie dough, baked with white chocolate chips inside, then topped with vanilla frosting and sugar flakes.
The classic cookie but bigger, thicker, and tastier.
Fudge brownie baked into the center of a chocolate chip cookie, and topped with M&M's.
Made from a specialty dough, swirled with caramel apple and salted caramel flavor, baked with a sprinkle of cinnamon, topped with icing, and dusted with apple powder.
A sweet lemon taste with light crisp of a poppy seed throughout the fluffy cookie, drizzled with a citrus glaze.
A soft fudge brownie with a sprinkle of powdered sugar.
Super-sized sugar cookie, painted with a light butter glaze and sprinkled with sugar crystals.
An irresistible blue raspberry flavored sugar cookie, topped with

########
Rank: 4
Score: 65.932884
Retrieved Text: See how to make an ice cream cake. Incredibly, all it takes to make this impressive layered dessert are two simple ingredients—any flavor of ice cream you love and a box of cake mix! In the video, you'll see a couple tricks that make this cake surprisingly easy to assemble. If you like, ice it with frosting or fudge topping. Watch the video, then get the 5-star recipe for Ice Cream Cake. It makes an amazing birthday cake. Kids always love it!
Simple enough. Thanks for the clear instructions. I'm going to give it a try tonight.
Chocolate ice cream sandwich bars layered with chocolate fudge and frozen whipped topping with decorative chocolate sprinkles. Freeze for 1 hour, or until ready to serve.
Two layers of brownies with mint chocolate chip ice cream and a rich chocolate drizzle will put a smile on everyone's face.
Ice cream is sandwiched between 2 layers of buttery oat crumble and chocolate sauce creating a delightful ice cream cake perfect for parties.
This 3-ingredient quick and easy cake recipe uses melted ice cream as the liquid; try it with any flavor ice cream or cake mix you like!
Made with toasted coconut, chocolate ice cream, and a chocolate shortbread cookie crust, this rockin' cake tastes like a Girl Scout cookie.
This indulgent ice cream cake features a homemade brownie base topped with ice cream, fudge, caramel, and peanut butter cups.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 65.23147
Retrieved Text: Milk and oreo cookies shake.
Choose ice cream flavor, or yogurt flavor, and 1 mix in.
Ice Blended Coffee DrinksToggle visibility of menu section "Ice Blended Coffee Drinks"
Mocha ice blended coffee drink.
Caramel ice blended coffee drink.
Select a flavor and size. First mix in is free.
Warm chocolate chip cookie and cookie dough, French vanilla ice cream, whipped topping, and shaved chocolate.
Warm chocolate cake, French vanilla ice cream, whipped topping, fudge, and shaved chocolate.
Warm chocolate brownies, RFrench vanilla ice cream, whipped topping, caramel, fudge, and pecans.
Please call the store for selection.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 64.6755
Retrieved Text: It’s only February so I’m sure this will come as good news to those still hanging in there on their ‘new year, new me’ health kick.
Ben & Jerry’s have launched a low-calorie ice cream in three delicious flavours – Chocolate Milk and Cookies, P.B. Dough (peanut butter) and Caramel Cookie Fix.
Chocolate ice cream with chunks of chocolate chip cookie dough – 140 calories per serving.
To everyone who dunked their chocolate chip cookies in chocolate milk as a kid, this flavour is for you. All the yum of chocolate, vanilla, and cookies, in a light ice cream flavour that even your inner kid would go bananas for.
Chocolate ice cream with gobs of chocolate chip peanut butter cookie dough – 160 calories per serving.
Is there anything more euphoric — er, Moo-phoric, we mean — than cookie dough? We think not. That’s why we packed this pint with more gobs of chocolate chip peanut butter cookie dough than you can shake a spoon at.
Vanilla ice cream with salted caramel swirl and shortbread cookies – 150 calories per serving.
This comes after Ben & Jerry’s announced three flavours of dairy free ice cream.
Vegans and those who are lactose intolerant can enjoy the delicious taste of Ben & Jerry’s in Chunky Monkey and Chocolate Fudge Brownie, and Peanut Butter & Cookies.
Chunky Monkey is banana ice cream with chocolate chunks and walnuts, Chocolate Fudge Brownie is a chocolate combination of ice cream and brownies, and new kid on the block Peanut Butter & Cookies is vanilla ice cream with chocolate cookies and peanut

########
Rank: 7
Score: 64.67179
Retrieved Text: To add this item to your cart for a future order, please schedule the order delivery time to be between 12:00 PM to 7:30 PM.
BeveragesToggle visibility of menu section "Beverages"
Choice of size and flavor.
CakesToggle visibility of menu section "Cakes"
Layers of moist devil's food cake, sweet cream ice cream with brownies and chocolate ice cream with oreo cookies wrapped in fluffy white frosting and cascading fudge ganache.
Layers of moist red velvet cake and strawberry ice cream, with graham cracker pie crust and strawberry puree. Wrapped in creamy strawberry frosting.
Layers of moist devil's food cake and chocolate ice cream. Wrapped in rich fudge ganache.
Most yellow cake and sweet cream ice cream, with cookie dough and chocolate shavings. Wrapped in a fluffy white frosting.
Layers of moist devil's food cake, sweet cream ice cream and Oreo cookies, wrapped in a fluffy white frosting.
Layers of yellow cake, raspberry sauce and cheesecake ice cream with graham cracker pie crust wrapped in fluffy raspberry frosting.
Layers of moist devil's food cake, peanut butter and chocolate ice cream with Reese's peanut butter cup wrapped in rich fudge ganache.
Cookie Sandwich Four PacksToggle visibility of menu section "Cookie Sandwich Four Packs"
Super premium ice cream sandwiched by moist chocolate chip cookies and rolled in mix-ins.
Create Your OwnToggle visibility of menu section "Create Your Own"
SignaturesToggle visibility of menu section "Signatures"
CupcakesToggle visibility of menu section "Cupcakes"
A delicious sampling of two each of our sweet cream, cake batter deluxe, and double chocolate devotion cupcakes.
CS Home Grab and GoToggle visibility of menu section "CS Home Grab and Go"
Hot OfferingsToggle visibility of menu

########
Rank: 8
Score: 63.182693
Retrieved Text: Ahhh, dessert. As a child you’d suffer through meal times, choking down the required amount of veggies just to get that sweet, sweet reward. Now that you’re an adult, you can skip the sprouts and indulge any time you damn well please. Here are the most over-the-top ways to do that. We won't tell your mom.
Known primarily for their ability to make entire meals out of meatballs, Soda & Swine also does some pretty incredible desserts that have nothing to do with meat (or carbonated beverages, for that matter). Their brownie parfait is an imposing goblet filled with layers of chocolate, caramel, and allspice vanilla ice cream (using spices from Polite Provisions next door), topped with brownie bites and a pile of whipped cream (both of which are made in-house). It's basically the pinnacle of sundae construction.
A stellar beer selection and an ocean view are not the only things that Mission Beach’s newest hotspot has going for it. Draft has managed to cram all of the sweet and tart flavor of a slice of lemon meringue pie into a glass, blending ice cream, lemon curd, and bits of crumbly pie crust into a delicious base that supports a towering swirl of toasted meringue. This is the kind of dessert that says "I do not like choosing between milkshakes and pie".
Juniper & Ivy is putting Little Debbie to shame with their version of the Yodel. At first glance it just looks like a chocolate cylinder plated on a bed of Devil's food crumbs, but just wait until

########
Rank: 9
Score: 62.795498
Retrieved Text: For the sixth annual Girl Scout Cookie promotion in SoDel Concepts restaurants, Papa Grande’s Coastal Taqueria has whipped up fried ice cream made with Samoas. All 10 restaurants will bring their desserts to the Girl Scout Cookie Throw Down March 14, from 6 to 8 p.m., at The Clubhouse at Baywood in Millsboro.
All of SoDel Concepts’ restaurants are ing desserts inspired by Girl Scout Cookies. Catch 54 in Fenwick Island is featuring Savanna Smiles-lemon mascarpone layered cake with crushed blackberry whipped cream and candied lemon slices.
For the sixth year, SoDel Concepts is featuring its Girl Scout Cookie dessert promotion. Through March 14, each of the company’s 10 restaurants will feature a dessert made with a popular flavor.
The friendly contest between the company’s chefs will hit a sweet peak March 14, when all the desserts will be served from 6 to 8 p.m. at The Clubhouse at Baywood in Millsboro, one of SoDel Concepts’ restaurants.
Admission to the March 14 event is free and open to the public, and each guest will have five votes with which to pick their favorites. The chef with the most votes gets Matt’s Girl Scout Cookie Cup, named for SoDel Concepts’ founder, the late Matt Haley.
If making the rounds of SoDel Concepts’ restaurants, located from Lewes to Fenwick Island, here’s what to expect.
• Fish On in Lewes: Thin Mint Ice Cream Sandwich.
• Matt’s Fish Camp in Lewes: S’mores Toasted Marshmallow-Stuffed Beignet with Warm Chocolate Sauce.
• The Clubhouse at Baywood: Trefoils Raspberry Cheesecake Bars.
• Bluecoast Seafood Grill + Raw Bar in Rehoboth Beach:

########
Rank: 10
Score: 62.495068
Retrieved Text: ​Copyright 2019 © Frozen Cow Ice Cream. All Rights Reserved.
Moo Tracks Sundae - Vanilla ice cream, brownie, hot fudge, whipped cream and cherry.
Mooliscious Overload Sundae - Cookies n' Cream ice cream, chocolate chips, baked cookie, whipped cream, M&Ms and cherry.
Udder Butter Sundae - Gator Tracks ice cream, pb cup, caramel sauce, whipped cream, pb sauce and cherry.
Deja Moo Banana Split - Vanilla, chocolate and strawberry ice cream, banana, hot fudge, strawberry and caramel sauce, whipped cream, nuts and cherry.
Happy Cow Sundae - Vanilla ice cream, strawberry sauce, gummy bears, whipped cream, peanuts, chocolate chips and cherry.
Gooey Mooey Sundae - Chocolate Fantasia ice cream, marshmallows, graham cracker, hot fudge, whipped cream and cherry.
Tippsy Cow Sundae - Kahlua Krunch ice cream, caramel sauce, heath bar crunch, brownie whipped cream and cherry.
Super Cow Sundae - Superman ice cream, strawberry sauce, M&Ms, whipped cream, fruity pebbles and cherry.
Minty Moo Sundae - Warm brownie, Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream, chocolate chips and cherry.
Choose your ice cream & cookies!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 62.068527
Retrieved Text: Per pint. Two types of chocolate combined to make a medium dark chocolate.
Per pint. Made with Madagascar beans.
Per pint. Made with same beans that roast coffee.
Per pint. Straight up banana pudding. Made with bananas, vanilla wafers, and marshmallow fluff.
Per pint. Made with cookies. It has chocolate chip cookie bits, brownie bits, snickerdoodle bits, and rainbow cookies.
Per pint. Vanilla base, mint extract, and shaved chocolate.
Sugar based rolled in colorful sprinkles.
Two scoops of any steady flavours. Option to top with fudge or caramel sauce. Then finish with whip cream, vanilla, or amaretto.
Brownie. Single scoop of flavor of going to steady ice cream and top it with other half of brownie. Add hot fudge or caramel, and caramel, and whip cream. A luxardo cherry goes on top.
16 oz. Add caramel and hot fudge vanilla whipped cream. Sprinkled with pecans.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 62.025562
Retrieved Text: 20 g of Protein per pint.
11 g of Fat per pint.
20 g of Sugar per pint.
Now you can indulge without all the guilt! Who knew that a whole pint of Mint Chip ice cream was 310 calories, and tasted delicious too...we did! That's because here at Breyers®, we have over 150 years of experience making mouth-watering ice cream. We start with high quality ingredients, naturally sourced flavors, and all American dairy. This reduced fat ice cream will leave your taste buds in disbelief since it has 3.5 grams of fat and 7 grams of sugar in each serving. And it’s even a good source of protein! Try our cool, mint reduced-fat ice cream made with real peppermint extract and chocolatey chips. It’s perfect for a refreshing, delicious treat. So grab a spoon and see what we mean! Breyers® delights will leave your taste buds in disbelief, with 260-330 calories and 20 grams of protein per pint. Breyers delights are available in eight yummy flavors, including Cookies and Cream, Creamy Chocolate, Mint Chip, Vanilla Bean, Raspberry Fudge Swirl, Vanilla Cupcake, Butter Pecan, and Caramel Brownie. We can't wait to hear which pint is your favorite flavor! Be sure to visit us at www.Breyers.com to learn more about our wide variety of delicious desserts! You can also check us out on Instagram at www.instagram.com/breyers/ to see lots of delicious photos.
Breyers® delights Caramel Brownie Ice Cream is made with real brownies and rich caramel! 20g of protein & 330 calories per pint! Try it today!
Breyers® delights Creamy Chocolate Ice

########
Rank: 13
Score: 61.67153
Retrieved Text: Over 80 mouth-watering recipes including ice creams, frozen desserts, ice pops, toppings and more.
Step-by-step, instructions, tips & tricks for making the perfect ice cream at home.
Vegan, gluten-free, refined sugar-free, paleo-friendly with substitutions for all diets.
Makes the BEST dairy-free ice cream. It’s rich, creamy and works like a dream. Follow my step-by-step instructions for how to make the most amazingly delicious ice cream at home.
NO ICE CREAM MAKER NEEDED!
Order now for an instant download!
Also available in paperback edition!
Including vanilla, cookie dough, chocolate, mint chocolate chip, salted caramel and more!
Including strawberry, peaches & cream, mango & passionfruit, date and more!
Including peanut butter chocolate swirl, pistachio, chocolate hazelnut, maple walnut and more!
Including ginger, wasabi, Mayan chocolate, sweet curry, Chinese five-spice and more!
Including lemon poppy seed, pumpkin pie, apple pie, red velvet, christmas pudding and more!
Including Irish cream, pina colada, rum & raisin, mojito, apple cider and more!
Including chamomile & vanilla, elderflower & lemon, rose raspberry ripple and more!
Including chai tea, lemon green tea, fresh basil & mint, earl grey and more!
This cookbook is perfect for people with food allergies or sensitivities (which makes it so versatile), anyone who loves coconut milk and just about everyone who loves frozen desserts and ice cream. If you like unique and bizarre flavors, Aimée has it all. If you love booze, Aimée does that too. I’ve had coconut milk ice cream products before, but I find her homemade ice cream recipes more delicious than the ones I’d tried (i.e., Coconut Bliss).
Aimee’s book is totally gorgeous, and full of different recipes. I picked one

########
Rank: 14
Score: 61.27034
Retrieved Text: Choose from Eckerlin's; Glier's or Queen City Sausage.
Or make a custom variety pack of your favorites.
Select your four (4) pts ice cream flavors and quantities and list them below.
Choose from Graeter's Original Classic flavors: Oregon Strawberry, Original Salted Caramel, Cookies 'N Cream, Butter Pecan, Dutch Milk Chocolate, Madagascar Vanilla Bean, Cheese Crown and Vienna Coffee.
Graeter's Signature Chip flavors: Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip, Black Cherry Chocolate Chip, Double Chocolate Chip, Toffee Chocolate Chip, Coconut Chocolate Chip, Mocha Chocolate Chip, Chocolate Chip, Mint Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip, Cookie Dough Chocolate Chip and Buckeye Blitz Chocolate Chip (Chocolate Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip).

########
Rank: 15
Score: 60.968163
Retrieved Text: It's true that I like all kinds of ice cream, but when you get right down to it, vanilla is my favorite. Whenever there's a choice of vanilla or chocolate, I'm going for the vanilla. Even as a child waiting in line to buy a Mister Softee cone, I always picked vanilla. It's the basis for a perfect sundae. It's the go-to ice cream to serve on top of pies and cobblers. Pour a little caramel sauce on top and I'm in heaven!
Heat the milk, salt, and sugar in a saucepan. In a separate bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and gradually add some of the warmed milk, stirring constantly as you pour. Pour the warmed yolk/milk mixture back into the saucepan.
Cook over low heat, stirring constantly and scraping the bottom with a heat-resistant spatula until the custard thickens enough to coat the spatula. Strain the custard into the heavy cream. Add vanilla extract. Place bowl in the fridge until completely chilled. Freeze in your ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer to a freezer safe container and freeze until firm.
Cookies and Cream: Simply chop some Oreos or other favorite chocolate sandwich cookie.
Heath Bar Crunch: Just as the name says, simply add chopped Heath bars or toffee bits.
Cookie Dough - Mix up a batch of cookie dough (using pasteurized eggs or pasteurized liquid egg products). Roll dough into a log and chill until firm. Slice dough into wheels then cut each wheel into small pieces.
Chocolate Chip: Chop up a bar of your favorite chocolate

########
Rank: 16
Score: 60.734543
Retrieved Text: Mermaid's Handcrafted Cupcakes are All Natural and Baked Fresh from Scratch Everyday!
All the amazing flavors are available by special order of ONE DOZEN or more per flavor. We usually need 24 to 48 hours for special orders.
We make 15 flavors to choose from everyday!
Please be advised! Flavors of the day are never guaranteed. orders placed ahead of time for a variety of large cupcakes are always Bakerâ€™s choice. Flavors are only allowed to be chosen by customers on the pick up day and if the flavor is available in the bakery at the time.
Our signature flavor red velvet cake topped with our dreamy cream cheese frosting.
Chocolate cake topped with cream cheese frosting, crushed pecans and buttery caramel drizzle.
Our incredible version of the amazing girl scout cookie! Coconut cake filled with buttery caramel, topped with chocolate buttercream, toasted coconut, chocolate and caramel drizzle.
Chocolate filled with chocolate cream, chocolate Swiss meringue buttercream on top with chocolate drizzle and chocolate chips.
Vanilla cake filled with chocolate bavarian, topped with Swiss buttercream and rimmed in pretty purple sugar with a blue crown on top.
Peanut butter and Raspberry Jelly! Vanilla Cake filled with raspberry preserves, topped with our peanut butter fluff frosting and a little bit more jelly on top...so so so yummy!
Almond cake topped with aqua blue almond buttercream, sugar glitter, and a red fondant decoration on top.
Dark chocolate cake topped with raspberry Swiss meringue frosting and chocolate drizzle.
Coconut cake with Swiss meringue buttercream and covered in sweet flaked coconut.
Vanilla cake filled with buttery caramel, topped with caramel buttercream, caramel drizzle

########
Rank: 17
Score: 60.597042
Retrieved Text: Lathrop is home to its very own San Francisco-inspired candy land. Located right off i-5, Ghirardelli’s serves some of the sweetest treats San Joaquin offers, from Christmas-themed goodies to decadent ice cream sundaes. The extensive menu makes it easy to try something new on every trip—check out our picks for the top treats to try.
Stock up on bags of this holiday staple! Peppermint bark is a Ghirardelli’s favorite, made with both white and milk chocolate and filled with crunchy candy cane pieces. Grab some for yourself, and spares for stocking stuffers.
The ice cream shop at Ghirardelli’s Lathrop outlet is a big draw, reminiscent of the flagship store in San Francisco’s Fisherman’s Wharf. Every treat nods to a San Francisco landmark. Grab a Crissy Field Cookie Bits Sundae, a delicious blend of vanilla and cookies and cream ice cream, smothered in hot fudge, whipped cream, and chocolate chip cookie crumbles. Two milk chocolate caramel minis top it off.
What’s better than a steaming cup of cocoa on a chilly December day? Not much! Ghirardelli’s blends a sea salt caramel variety topped with whipped cream, caramel sauce, and sea salt with a square of milk chocolate on the side.
Craving something richer? The Decadent Drinking Chocolate is made from the brand’s mini dark chocolate chips.
A dessert to feed the family—this favorite is made for four, featuring eight scoops of ice cream, eight toppings, a banana, diced almonds, mini dark chocolate chips, cherries, and whipped cream.
There’s more to Ghirardelli’s than chocolate—no, seriously. Some of the best flavors are fruity in nature

########
Rank: 18
Score: 59.833862
Retrieved Text: homemade ice cream maker mini ice cream machine home small children ice cream machine homemade ice cream maker bargains on quart wood bucket ice cream maker homemade ice cream quart wood bucket ice cream maker homemade ice cream maker makes up to.
homemade ice cream maker homemade vanilla bean ice cream dont waste the crumbs finally a homemade vanilla bean ice cream that tastes like the rich and creamy ice.
homemade ice cream maker nostalgia electrics old fashioned wood ice cream maker quart electric old fashioned homemade ice cream maker frozen quart electric old fashioned homemade ice cream maker frozen dessert machine.
homemade ice cream maker .
homemade ice cream maker homemadeicecream homemade vanilla bean ice cream dont waste the crumbs finally a homemade vanilla bean ice cream that tastes like the rich and creamy ice.
homemade ice cream maker old fashioned bucket ice cream maker ingredient homemade ice cream recipe without an ice cream maker.
homemade ice cream maker this no churn salted caramel ice cream recipe is made without an ice cream maker bed bath beyond tv watch old fashioned ice cream maker nostalgia electrics old fashioned wood ice cream maker.
homemade ice cream maker how to make the best homemade vanilla ice cream recipe including variations for many different fruit how to make vanilla ice cream without an ice cream maker image titled make vanilla ice cream without an ice cream maker step.
homemade ice cream maker homeade ice cream maker vegan vanilla ice cream homemade ice cream maker amazon homemade ice cream how to make homemade ice cream in a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 59.66556
Retrieved Text: I know. I started the new year by sharing a salad recipe. A SALAD RECIPE. (a very good salad recipe though). Are you all mad at me? Can I make up for my silly mistake by sharing some sugar now?
I still have a freezer full of Christmas cookies I need to eat my way through, and now it’s almost time to buy girl scout cookies?
This fudge is my twist on a girl scout cookie. My FAVORITE of all girl scout cookies.
That’s right – once you know how to make vanilla fudge, you can even make it taste like a cookie!
I used coconut pudding mix to give the fudge a creamy coconut and white chocolate flavor. I added in some caramel and swirled it through the fudge. Then, topped it with chocolate and toasted coconut to give the appearance of the Samoa cookie.
You’re going to love this one!!! If you don’t, I will gladly accept all leftovers.
Want more recipes with Chocolate, Caramel, and/or Coconut?
Salted Caramel Swiss Meringue Frosting with Chocolate Cupcakes: no description needed!
Pina Colada Pound Cake: an impressive coconut dessert!
Toast coconut according to package directions. I use sweetened coconut flakes. Set aside to cool.
Melt caramel bits with 1 tsp heavy cream in microwave, stirring every 30 seconds until smooth. Set aside.
In a large saucepan, heat butter, cream, sugar ans alt on medium high heat. Bring to a boil, stirring contantly. When it begins to boil, set timer for about 5 minutes, stirring continuously.
Remove from heat. Pour into a mixing bowl and using a stand mixer whisk

########
Rank: 20
Score: 59.533886
Retrieved Text: Get your sparkle on with our magical new Unicorn scoop! A wonderful unicorn cup filled with your favourite ice cream flavour, scattered with dreamy pastel sprinkles and topped off with an edible gold chocolate horn and delicate white choc ears. Sunshine and rainbows not included.
Splashing into a store near you: our limited-edition mermaid range! Your favourite ice cream flavour in a cup or freshly-baked waffle cone, scattered with glistening sugar pearls and pastel sprinkles, and garnished with a shimmering chocolate tail. It’s off the scale!
We just put the scream into ice cream with our fright-tastic, limited edition monster range! A scoop of your fave flavour in a fresh-baked waffle cone or cup, strewn with mini candy eyeballs, crunchy neon sprinkles and topped off with a giant jelly eyeball lollipop. There’s more fright in every bite!
Your choice of the world's favourite ice cream. More Flavours. More Fun!
Your choice of the world'ss favourite ice cream. More Flavours. More Fun!
Your choice of the world's favourite ice cream. More Flavours. More Fun! If you would like multiple scoops of the same flavour, please write a note in "Special Instructions"
Your choice of the world's favourite ice cream, hot fudge sauce & sprinkles. More Flavours. More Fun!
2 scoops of choc chip cookie dough ice cream (Or create your own flavour combo), deliciously chewy, irresistibly buttery cookie dough topping & served with your choice of hot fudge sauce.
2 scoops of peanut butter chocolate ice cream (Or create your own flavour combo), fresh sliced banana & served with your choice of hot fudge sauce.
2

########
Rank: 21
Score: 59.36635
Retrieved Text: This local ice cream shop has friendly workers and unique flavors such as Bourbon Vanilla with Salted Caramel and Brown Sugar Banana. They use liquid nitrogen to freeze their ice cream into "microbatches" to create smoother, richer ice cream. Homemade ice cream, homemade waffle cones, and homemade chocolate fudge? Say no more.
With a focus on organic and local ingredients, Tin Pot is a Bay Area favorite. Their flavors change every few months with classics including Four Barrel Coffee with Cocoa Nib Toffee and Mint Chip. The French style ice cream is handcrafted in a "gelato style" machine to enhance the ice cream flavors.
Fraîche's homemade organic yogurt is a healthier option than traditional ice cream. It is made by freezing their homemade greek yogurt. They are the only ice cream place in the Bay Area that serves fro-yo made from real yogurt. But, top it with chocolate shavings and raspberry sauce and you will not even realize it is yogurt.
Creamy and rich, Rick's ice cream is known for its handmade delicious creations. Flavors include Coffee Molasses Chip, Rose, and White Chocolate Ginger. They have 48 different flavors to satisfy any craving. Try a cookie with your ice cream and you will not be disappointed.
CREAM is known for its cookie ice cream sandwiches, which consist of any two cookie flavors and any ice cream flavor you desire. Needles to say the possible combinations are endless. A personal favorite: chocolate chip cookies with salted caramel ice cream. Not a cookie fan? Try a brownie ice cream sandwich.
Pressed is better

########
Rank: 22
Score: 59.218628
Retrieved Text: Kids will love exploring these iconic dessert locations!
NYC's latest and most buzzed about dessert spot is Dō, a cookie dough cafe that brings to life everyone's childhood dream of licking the spoon after whipping up a batch of homemade cookies. With delicious flavors like Chocolate Chip, Brownie Batter, Oatmeal M&M, and various seasonal flavors, customers can also enjoy custom combos like Chocolate Dream (Brownie Batter flavor, Oreo cookies, chocolate chips), Fluffernutter (peanut butter, dark chocolate chips, marshmallow fluff), and Heavenly (Sugar Cookie flavor, Nutella, chocolate chips, caramel bits, sea salt). If scoops of cookie dough aren't enough for your kids, they can enjoy ice cream sundaes, ice cream sanDŌwiches, cookie do sandwiches, and a variety of baked goods! There are also gluten free flavor options.
New Yorkers love visiting Dominique Ansel Bakery because of their delicious and unique dessert creations. Enjoy sweets like their Frozen S'mores, cookies and milk shots, and cronuts, which come in new flavors every month and are beloved by tourists and locals alike.
No place does a chocolate dessert quite like Max Brenner. First they have their extensive hot chocolate menu, featuring delicious flavors like Mexican Spicy Hot Chocolate, Peanut Butter, and Hazelnut. Then they have a drool-worthy milkshake list, each one with a different flavor of chocolate ganache, as well as crepes, sugar waffles, and fondue. Finally, you can't talk about Max Brenner without mentioning their creative creations, like Chocolate Chunks Pizza, Chocolate Crepe "Pasta," and Build-Your-Own-Cakes.
No to be confused with Dō, Dough is probably the most amazing donut shop in the city

########
Rank: 23
Score: 59.092884
Retrieved Text: Food Networks shows how to make No-Churn Watermelon Ice Cream Slices. Cut off the top of a mini seedless watermelon and using an immersion blender, puree the flesh. Pour out the juice, reserving one and a half cups for later; you can drink the rest. Scrape out any remaining watermelon flesh and pat dry with a paper towel and freeze. In a bowl, whisk together the reserved watermelon juice, sweetened condensed milk and fine salt, then set aside. In another bowl, use a hand mixer to whip heavy cream, then add it to the bowl of juice mixture, stir and set aside. Get the frozen watermelon shell and ladle the ice cream mixture into it, filling to the top. Cover and freeze for three hours. Refrigerate two hours before serving. To serve, cut in half and slice each half into thirds.
The crust is the only part of this delicious dessert that requires baking.
Treat yourself to a refreshing and guilt-free frozen treat with our Food Network Kitchen's recipe for neapolitan banana nice cream.
Creamy Pistachio Pops are guaranteed to bring out the kid in anyone.
Blackberries and chocolate chunks make this ice cream a birthday treat.
Here's the secret to the best vanilla ice cream you'll ever eat. Seriously.
Ree's caramel-drizzled ice cream sundaes have a chocolate chip cookie base.
Layers of sorbet and ice cream create this colorful frozen dessert.
Food Networks Kitchens presents a cool treat, Frozen Chocolate Rum Bananas.
Food Network Kitchens shares a mouthwatering S'More Ice Cream Cones recipe.
Layer brownies, ice cream and strawberry sauce for a luscious frozen treat.
Satisfy

########
Rank: 24
Score: 59.05677
Retrieved Text: Funtastic Fridays Return Summer 2018!
There is gold in them there hills - or so the saying goes. Come pan for something more precious than gold, chocolate.
Be amazed as the Village Chocolate Shoppe is transformed into a sea of chocolate. Make your own chocolate fish. Help Ariel search for Nemo and Dory and get a special prize.
What better way to celebrate Battle Day. Choose from a huge variety of ice cream, gelato and a large variety of assorted toppings. Don't forget the whip cream and a cherry.
Delight as Frozen springs to life again at the VCS in this lively marionette retelling - packed with a flurry of stories, songs and sing-alongs. Make your own chocolate Sven to bring home. Come dressed as your favorite Frozen character and receive a special treat.
Come cheer us on as we attempt to make the world's largest chocolate domino chain. While you're there, make your own chocolate pizza.
So you think you have the best combination for a candy bar? Come in and try your combination. Choose from a variety of ingredients and put them together. Then watch your creation go through the cooling tunnel. This is our most popular event every year.
Last years wildly successful event is returning. Join us for a night of BINGO and fun - VCS style - complete with chocolate prizes. Learn how chocolate impacts your health. Free health screenings. All proceeds to benefit the Bennington Rescue Squad.
Show off your artistic talents by creating a masterpiece with chocolate paint. Perfect to keep or give as a holiday gift.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 58.808033
Retrieved Text: Make homemade ice cream in exactly the flavor you crave. 31 flavors? We've got way more including peach, pumpkin, even coconut-avocado.
Once you learn the basics, you can churn out any flavor you can dream up.
See how to make this luxuriously creamy ice cream.
Espresso and chocolate are a match made in ice cream heaven. Serve as a soft ice cream or allow it to ripen in the freezer.
No-cook, no eggs, made with half-and-half and cream. Great, simple, classic vanilla ice cream! This is designed for an old-fashioned ice cream maker that yields 1 gallon; be sure to scale recipe down if you have a countertop model.
Turn the water from a can of chickpeas, aquafaba, into a delicious, vegan dark chocolate ice cream with this clever, 5-ingredient recipe.
This vibrant frozen dessert offers fresh berry flavor at its best.
An old-fashioned cooked custard ice cream base, made with just egg yolks, cream, half-and-half, and sugar, makes the richest, smoothest, creamiest homemade ice cream. Add any flavor you like.
This creamy smooth blueberry coconut ice cream made with lemon juice, ground flax seeds, and xanthan gum is an easy treat to make for vegans.
This rich, creamy custard-style ice cream has a deep chocolate-cinnamon flavor.
White rum and chocolate turn this creamy ice cream, infused with mint leaves and coffee, into an adult-friendly treat.
"This is a GREAT mint chocolate chip ice cream that I discovered by accident. The 2% milk makes the ice cream taste 'lighter' I think."
This is a very rich, custard style chocolate ice cream.
Use this easy recipe to make vanilla ice

########
Rank: 26
Score: 58.679848
Retrieved Text: I found some Lindt chocolate balls beneath the Christmas tree. Super creamy & smooth - my new favourite.
My favorite brand is definitely Lindt chocolate balls - they have so many different flavors to try although I do admit, I always go back to milk chocolate. Also love Laura Secord chocolates but I don't those very often.
I love all things dark chocolate... Lindt is always good!
I learned to like dark chocolate (because it was better for you) and now I prefer it. I like anything covered in chocolate except coconut lol.
My daughter used to live in Old Town. It is beautiful. I love chocolate all on its own. I think Dove is my favorite, but that changes.
I adore most all chocolate, but dark is my favorite. Mixed with caramel - even better!!
I love the choolate in the Girl Scout thinmint cookies, andthe chocolate raspberry from Lindts. Dove & Magnum ice cream chocolate bars are soooo delicious.
Like Cadbury and Lindt chocolate.
Any chocolate is my fav........but I really do love Dove Chocolate!
I love dark chocolate! My favorite is a solid piece, but I wouldn't turn it down if it had nuts or a cream center (especially raspberry).
I'm not a big chocolate lover but I do love Dove Chocolates & Kit Kat's. I also love Chocolate Chip cookies & Chocolate covered Macadamia Nuts but I have to be in the mood for it. Also Love Dove Chocolate Ice Cream Bars.
MMMMMMM, Chocolate! ;-) Some of my favorite fancy chocolate brands are See's, Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, and Lamb's. Lamb's is a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 58.648148
Retrieved Text: I’ve posted my homemade vanilla ice cream recipe and I’ve also posted my version of the classic Toll House chocolate chip cookies. Now, let me tell you how I combined those two lovely sweets to make the best ice cream I’ve created so far. And it wasn’t even my idea.
My younger daughter, Alex, and I were in the supermarket last week and we were debating what ice cream flavor we should make next. She wanted mango ice cream but it isn’t mango season and fresh mangoes in the market are very expensive and not at all sweet. Then, Alex said, “Cookies and cream.” I paused and thought about it. Buying cookies, crushing them and throwing them into the ice cream maker isn’t exactly my idea of fun and exciting so I decided I’d bake the cookies that would go into the ice cream. And so I did.
The result is really, truly, utterly delicious.
Make the vanilla ice cream.
About ten minutes before the ice cream is done, chop the chocolate chip cookies into small pieces. My ice cream maker says never to add solid ingredients that are larger than a chocolate morsel so I used the size of a chocolate morsel as a guide. Check the instructions of your ice cream maker manufacturer to know how small you need to chop your cookies.
About three minutes before the ice cream is done, add the chopped chocolate cookies. Allow the ice cream maker to churn just long enough to evenly distribute the chopped cookies.
Serve the ice cream at its soft-serve

########
Rank: 28
Score: 58.529873
Retrieved Text: This year, Girl Scouts of Kentuckiana’s Desserts First (a hybrid foodie fundraiser that sounds almost too scrumptious to be true, but it is legitimately real life) will be back in its ninth year. Last year’s Desserts First was my first wide-eyed wonder exposure to an event that not only made my inner child’s dreams come true, but more importantly, was all about teaching empowerment to young girls. It’s an absolute win-win.
The 8th Annual Desserts First was all about instilling confidence specific to a STEM (Science Technology Engineering and Math) initiative. Teaching a young child that new traditions can be made, and that no dreams are off limits is one of the most rewarding hopes for our future. Girl Scouts of Kentuckiana remains an admirable organization; essentially trying to make the world better one staggeringly delicious Girl Scouts Cookie at a time. This year, innovations will be based around the concept of celebrating the Technology of Cooking. I can barely handle my anticipation to see the gastronomical, mind-blowing offerings that await this year from Louisville’s finest.
On Wednesday, February 25th at the Mellwood Arts & Entertainment Center, between 6:00 and 8:00 p.m., the choicest chefs from all over our burgeoning foodie city will come together in the spirit of the indulgence we all know, esteem and desire: Girl Scout Cookies. Prepare for the most delectable eats.
Cellar Door Chocolates’ Girl Scouts Shortbread Trifle Cookie with a complex caramel, 55% dark chocolate, and a Hawaiian black lava sea salt.
Vincenzo’s Girl Scouts Savannah Smiles cookie with ricotta cheese, lemon, and white

########
Rank: 29
Score: 58.52388
Retrieved Text: Speckled throughout with flecks of Madagascar vanilla beans infused in its custard base, this gorgeous cream-colored ice cream is an artisan take on the classic flavor. Paired with a brown sugar and oats chocolate chip cookie, these sandwiches are a year-round favorite.
We start with our dark chocolate ice cream base and generously add Maldon sea salt, to give it that complexity and balance of sweet and salty. A scoop of this is perfect on chocolate cookies, chocolate chip, or if you’re feeling extra salty, pretzel cookies.
For a refreshing take on this cherished campfire flavor, toasted marshmallows are blended throughout our custard base, producing a creamy mallow custard which is placed between two handmade from scratch graham cookies. Sandwiches are then generously drizzled with 72% dark chocolate for the full s’more experience.
Our favorite candy bar, deconstructed. We swirl our house caramel through nougat ice cream and sprinkle in lots of chopped peanuts. Paired with chocolate cookies or better yet, chocolate dipped peanut butter cookies.
Quick story: I used to hate pistachios. I didn’t get the appeal. What was I thinking? They are sweet, salty, addicting. Our ice cream is chock full of roasted pistachios. No artificial pistachio flavor here. Paired with our cardamom sugar cookies.
We take our tea with milk, and in the case of this smooth tasting cream, that means steeping slightly floral earl gray tea in our traditional custard base. Paired with a classic sugar cookie, this sandwich is perfect for any time of day.
Beyond the gorgeous color, this ice cream is flavorful and creamy and

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To combine cake ingredients.

Choice 1: In a large mixing bowl, combined three egg yolks and half of the white granulated sugar and whisk till it reaches a pale red berry mixture.

Choice 2: In a large mixing bowl, combined three egg yolks and half of the white granulated sugar and whisk till it reaches a pale lemony yellow mixture.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.484533
Retrieved Text: This recipe is adapted from Chef Chloe’s Chocolate Chip Banana Cake. Just mix together dry and wet ingredients. No mixer required. It’s a fast, easy recipe that’s totally delicious. This will become your new favorite cake!
Adapted from Chef Chloe’s Chocolate Chip Banana Cake. Moist, classic banana bread with ten ingredients. Easy, fast and delicious. This will become your new favorite cake!
Preheat oven to 350 F. Grease and line two 5 x 10 loaf pans with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, combine dry ingredients: flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
In another bowl, combine wet ingredients: bananas, coconut milk, vinegar, oil and vanilla.
Pour wet ingredients into dry ingredients and mix gently with a rubber spatula or wooden mixing spoon until just combined. Do not overmix.
Pour half of the cake batter evenly into each loaf pan.
Sprinkle tops of each cake evenly with 2 tablespoons of sugar.
Makes 2 small 5 x 10 loaves.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.348038
Retrieved Text: Our spicy Cinnamon Dexscotti™ Mix pairs wonderfully with the flavors of almond and coffee in this cake. Top with the fresh fruit of your choice!
Brew a small pot of coffee. Place grinds on a cookie sheet (spread out) and place in oven on lowest setting (170º on most ovens) to dry out (about 15 minutes). The grinds must be completely dry so if it takes longer, it's okay. Once dry, grind until a fine powder in a spice grinder.
In a small bowl combine all the cake ingredients except for the Cinnamon Dexscotti™ Baking Mix.
Add the wet ingredients to the Cinnamon Dexscotti™ Baking mix and stir until just combined.
In a separate bowl, combine the streusel ingredients with a fork until crumbly.
Pour half of the cake batter into the prepared springform pan, cover with half of the streusel topping. Top with remaining cake batter and then the rest of the streusel.
While the cake is baking, combine the glaze ingredients, stirring until it is smooth.
When the cake is done, allow to cool for 30 minutes before topping with fresh fruit and glaze.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.225767
Retrieved Text: This delicious cake is a combination of angel food cake and buttery pound cake. It’s got a rich taste and a velvety texture. It’s perfect topped with the sweetened cream and fresh berries. Don’t forget the chocolate drizzle on top!
Using an electric mixer, mix egg whites in a clean bowl until they are stiff and form peaks. Set aside.
Cream butter on medium speed until it’s nearly white. Add in sugar, vanilla and milk. In a separate bowl, combine dry ingredients and whisk. Slowly add dry ingredients to wet ingredients, mixing as you go. Add in egg whites and mix gently.
Fill cupcake liners 2/3 of the way full. Bake at 375 F for 20 minutes, until tops of cupcakes are beginning to golden. Remove and let cool completely.
Top cupcakes with sweet cream and berries. Drizzle with melted chocolate just before serving.
Combine and mix using a hand-held mixer (or Kitchenaid) until thickened. Store in the fridge until ready to use.
adapted to a much simpler/easier cake from Tastes of Lizzy.
Mix egg whites in a clean bowl until they are stiff and form peaks. Set aside.
Cream butter on medium speed until it's nearly white. Add in sugar, vanilla and milk. In a separate bowl, combine dry ingredients and whisk. Slowly add dry ingredients to wet ingredients, mixing as you go. Add in egg whites and mix gently.
Sweet Cream: Combine and mix using a hand-held mixer (or Kitchenaid) until thickened. Store in the fridge until ready to use.
I love berries and these look beautiful and tasty!
can you use 3 cups of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.93628
Retrieved Text: We are officially done with the first week of Lent.
And I think we need to celebrate with cake.
As much as I am obsessed with our chocolate Wacky Cake we make during Lent each year, I wanted to make another type of vegan cake. Because life is about options, right?
To get inspiration, I usually stand in front of my pantry/fridge, see what I have to work with. During my search, I found that I had a bunch of apples in the fridge and a jar of applesauce in the pantry. I always have cinnamon and nutmeg in the spice cabinet, so I knew that I wanted to make a version of spiced apple cake. Oh, and to be fancy, I wanted to make it as an upside-down cake because you have to celebrate the little victories in life! (any being vegetarian/vegan for a week without cheating is a victory for me!). This apple cake delivers all the flavor of a traditional spice cake with a dairy-free, egg-free twist.
This apple cake starts with the pan.
Liberally spray a springform pan (with a detachable bottom) with cooking spray and sprinkle over two tablespoons of brown sugar on the bottom.
Then layer thin slices of apple on the bottom of the pan.
Set the pan aside and assemble the cake batter.
In a small bowl, combine whole wheat flour, all-purpose flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Whisk to combine.
Then in a large bowl, combine granulated sugar, unsweetened applesauce, white vinegar, and vanilla. Stir to combine and then forget to take a picture (whoops!).
Add

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.851109
Retrieved Text: Three carrot cake variations - an easy one, a delicious one with chewy raisins and another with healthful oats.
Don't let the long list of ingredients in this Easy Carrot Cake scare you! This is truly easy to make with pre-shredded organic carrots and lots of on-hand spices most of us keep in our cupboards.
Preheat oven 350-degrees. Coat an 10-inch spring form pan with cooking spray. Sift the flour into a large bowl. Add the sugar substitute, dry milk, baking soda, baking powder, spices and salt. Stir to mix well.
Mix in the oil and egg substitute using a low setting on your electric mixer. Fold in the carrots, walnuts, currants and pineapple. Spread in the prepared pan and bake until a tooth pick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool in pan, remove the outside of the cake pan and slice.
If using, top with thawed whipped topping.
An old favorite made a bit healthier and lighter for the diabetic.
Preheat oven to 350-degrees. Spray an 8-inch round cake pan with nonstick cooking spray. Combine oats and milk, mix well and set aside. In large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and salt and mix well. Stir in carrots and raisins.
Combine oat mixture, pineapple (including juice), egg whites, applesauce and vanilla and mix well. Add to dry ingredients and mix just until dry ingredients are moistened. Pour into prepared pan. Bake 50 to 60 minutes or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean. Cool ten minutes, remove from pan and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.805218
Retrieved Text: I have just spent the weekend changing the blog over to a swanky new WordPress site – what do you think about the new look? Seeing as I managed to do it without breaking the website too much (let me know if you find any errors!) I decided to celebrate by making a decadent chocolate cake.
Complete with buttercream icing and fresh strawberries.
Unfortunately I had to share it with my kids. And husband. And mother too. I really would have loved to just hide in the kitchen and devour it myself. Making (and breaking) websites is hard work!
A decadent vegan chocolate cake.
Preheat oven to 180 degrees Celsius and prepare a cake tin.
Combine dry ingredients (flour, stevia, sugar, cacao, baking powder, arrowroot) in a large bowl.
In a smaller container, combine oatmilk, olive oil and vanilla extract.
Add oatmilk mixture to dry ingredients, and combine well.
Mash the banana really well and add to cake mixture.
Mix cake mixture until all combined and no lumps.
Pour into prepared cake tin and bake for an hour at 180 degrees Celsius.
Let cool then top with buttercream icing.
Combine icing sugar and cacao powder.
Mash in the vegan margarine and add the oatmilk.
Combine really well until there are no lumps.
Spread onto the cooled cake. Refrigerate cake for the buttercream icing to become firmer.
The site looks beautiful! And so does the cake :-)!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.526752
Retrieved Text: We want to have our cake AND eat it AND feel good about it because we’ve been soooo good all day and we don’t want to undo all the hard work (or maybe the problem is that we haven’t been good at all!). That’s why these cakes are balanced and healthy enough that you could have them for breakfast. And no, I’m not talking about the kind of breakfast reserved for mornings you wake up with the taste of last night’s alcohol on your breath. I’m talking about 6am run, bouncing into work kind of breakfast! By my standards anyway!
A note on sweetness: I prefer my mugcakes less sweet so you may need to adjust the sweetener quantities to your preference.
This is a gorgeous, sticky, delicious banana bread-like cake feels soooo indulgent. Coming in at around 250 calories, it has a good balance of fibre (9g if using coconut flour!), protein, and healthy fats.
Mash the banana thoroughly, then combine with the other ingredients.
Grease a mug, ramekin or other small, microwave safe dish.
Tip the mixture into the dish then microwave high for 1 minute.
This makes a delectably light & fluffy sponge cake. At under 100 calories it really is a light snack although the portion is huge! But with 7g of fibre (using coconut flour) and 11g of protein it doesn’t slack on nutrition!
Grease a mug, ramekin or small microwave safe dish with butter or oil.
Mix all dry ingredients together, then combine with the wet ingredients. Pour into the microwave dish.
Microwave high for 1 minute.
This crumbly, moist

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.386442
Retrieved Text: The best part? Well, the Whipped Honey with Chocolate; but it's also gluten-free, dairy-free, (paleo) and nobody will know it. This cake uses all natural sugars like honey and coconut sugar, which makes it completely guilt-free as well. Are we even eating dessert? Yes - and it's delicious.
4.Combine wet ingredients in a separate mixing bowl. Then, pour the wet ingredients into the dry and mix for 1-2 minutes.
5. Divide the batter evenly between the baking pans and cook for 28-30 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean.
6. While the cake cools, make frosting. Add all ingredients to a mixer - blend slower at first to combine then whip on high for one minute.
7. Once the cake has completely cooled, assemble the cake by adding the chocolate buttercream frosting between each layer and frosting the outside.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.376942
Retrieved Text: Cauliflower Chocolate Fudge Cake - It's too good to be true!
You won’t believe that this chocolate fudge cake is made with cauliflower!
He had no idea that the secret ingredient that made it taste so good was cauliflower. Seriously, I said cauliflower. I know many of you have tried to make chocolate cake with pumpkin, avocados or even black beans, but have you ever thought about giving cauliflower a try?
By using thawed frozen cauliflower as the wet main ingredient, you end up with the perfectly moist, and healthier version of classic chocolate fudge cake. This cake can easily be adapted to be gluten-free, dairy free and vegan.
After baking, let the cake cool completely, add your choice of icing and refrigerate. It holds together perfectly and will be enjoyed by all. And feel free to keep the secret ingredient to yourself until they take their last bite – they won’t be able to deny how good it tastes, even if it is made with cauliflower.
Just in case you aren’t ready to try the cauliflower chocolate fudge cake, here is our Classic Homemade Chocolate Cake recipe.
Dry ingredients ready to be mixed.
Our Hamilton Beach Food Processor comes with an additional smaller bowl, perfect for mixing icing.
1. Combine all dry ingredients in a large bowl, and mix well.
2. Combine vanilla, cauliflower, milk and applesauce in a food processor and blend until smooth, and lump free.
3.Pour wet into dry, and mix until just combined.
4. Pour into a greased 8×8 square glass baking dish and bake 30-35 minutes or until a toothpick comes

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.3548
Retrieved Text: This week’s column features two more chocolate cake recipes. The “Buttermilk Sheet Cake” is a favorite of mine, but I put the batter in a 9-by-13-inch pan and bake it a little longer until it tests done. The “Mississippi River Mud Cake” is rich. My family members enjoy chocolate cake with cream.
Mix the ingredients well. Pour into a greased 15x10x1-inch jelly roll pan. Bake at 375 degrees for 20 minutes.
Cream eggs, sugar, vanilla, and margarine together until light. Combine flour and cocoa; add to creamed mixture, mixing well. Add nuts and coconut. Pour batter into a greased and floured 16-by-11-inch baking pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 30 to 40 minutes. As soon as the cake is removed from the oven, spread the marshmallow crème on top. When cake has cooled, top with frosting.
Combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl. Mix until smooth. Spread over cake. Keep cake refrigerated.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.318754
Retrieved Text: In a large bowl, combine all cake ingredients and beat thoroughly using an electric mixer for 3 minutes.
Pour mixture into a greased 20cm x 10cm loaf or 20cm ring tin.
Place in the centre of the oven and bake for 30-40 minutes.
Once cooked, (skewer will come out clean when inserted into the middle of the cake), turn onto a wire rack and allow to cool to room temperature.
Combine all orange icing ingredients together in a bowl and mix using an electric mixer until smooth.
Spread icing evenly over the cake.
If desired, sprinkle with a little extra orange zest.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.29118
Retrieved Text: My personal quest for the perfect chocolate raspberry cake had fallen flat for years, so I took matters into my own hands and concocted this chocolate layer cake with raspberry mousse filling and triple chocolate frosting from a wide array of recipes. The ingredients list is lengthy, but sooo worth the investment!
Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease & flour two 9 inch cake pans (I prefer Wilton’s Cake Release– it works brilliantly.) Combine all cake ingredients in a large bowl and beat for 3 minutes. Mixture will be thick.
Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake at 350 for 30-35 mins.
Cool for 20 minutes, then remove from pans to cool completely.
Level the top of each cake with a long, serrated knife then cut each cake in half along its equator.
Place jar of jam in microwave for 30 seconds without lid.
Mix jam and vanilla into dry Jello packet and combine well.
Fold the jam/Jello mixture into the whipped cream. Combine thoroughly.
Place one of the 4 cake layers onto serving plate and spread 1/3 of the filling onto the cake. Don’t spread it all the way to the edges b/c when the other layers are added, it will spread out a little bit more.
Repeat procedure with two more cake layers. Top cake with the fourth cake layer.
Place cake in refrigerator until ready to frost. The filling will firm up and hold the cake together after it chills for a while.
Sift powdered sugar & salt into a bowl.
Combine half & half & vanilla and then add to sugar. Mix with hand mixer on

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.121153
Retrieved Text: Learn how to make this easy, delicious death by chocolate cake.
-In a mixing bowl combine the ingredients to form the flour mix.
-In a saucepan, melt the butter first then add the rest of the ingredients to make the chocolate mix.
allow mixture to boil for 30 seconds, then turn off heat. Pour over flour mixture, and stir lightly to cool.
-Stir this mixture cake batter.
-Pour into sheet cake pan and bake at 350-degrees for 20 minutes.
-Melt 1 3/4 sticks butter in a saucepan.
-Add 4 heaping tablespoons cocoa, stir to combine, then turn off heat.
Add pecans, stir together, and pour over warm cake when it first comes out of the oven.
Cut into squares, serve warm, at room temperature or cold with coffee, tea or milk! Heaven!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.082132
Retrieved Text: Lobster, strawberries, stone crabs, tomatoes, grouper, blueberries, shrimp, beef and don’t forget ORANGES, are just a few of the over 300 agricultural products harvested here. Each of our Florida Cooking recipes is hand crafted by Chef Justin Timineri, AKA Florida Chef. His mantra of “Simple, Fun, and Fresh,” combined with the best ingredients known to mankind, has created a recipe collection destined for the flavor hall of fame.
Preheat a medium sized sauté pan over medium high heat.
Add butter, corn, garlic and onion to the pan and cook for 3 to 4 minutes.
Remove from heat and add the corn mixture to a large mixing bowl.
Add the eggs, seafood seasoning and milk to the mixing bowl.
Add the parsley and cornbread to the other ingredients, and gently fold mixture to combine.
Lastly, fold in the lump crabmeat and pour ingredients into a 9 x 13 inch baking dish.
Bake crab pudding for 30 to 45 minutes until the top is golden brown and the inside is cooked.
Add all ingredients to a food processor, and puree until smooth.
Serve hummus with crisp, seasonal Florida vegetables and flatbread crackers.
Combine all ingredients except the citrus and basil in a sauce pot and cook over medium heat.
Stir ingredients and continue to cook for about 30 minutes or until ingredients are slightly thickened.
Add the citrus and basil.
Let the compote cool and serve room temperature.
Spray a 9-inch round cake pan with cooking spray.
Dust the cake pan lightly with flour.
In a medium sized mixing bowl, which together the flour, baking powder, and salt and set aside.
In a small mixing

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.042273
Retrieved Text: As if a regular old low-carb, sugar-free cake wasn't good enough, we decided to take it to the next level with a poke cake filled with orange glaze thanks to the help of Cast Iron Keto. With a mere 313 calories and 3.1g of net carbs per serving, this will surely be a permanent fixture in our recipe book.
In a large mixing bowl, combine and mix eggs, melted butter, pureed avocado, and vanilla.
Add in the dry ingredients and mix until smooth.
Pour batter into a greased 10-12 inch skillet (or 8 inch cake pan) and bake for 40-55 minutes until toothpick test comes out clean.
Combine ingredients in a medium saucepan over low heat until melted.
Poke holes in the top of the cake and pour glaze over top.
Top the cake with whipped cream and serve. Enjoy!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.992977
Retrieved Text: Cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9-inch Bundt tube pan with cooking spray and set aside.
Using a rubber spatula gently combine cake mix, juice, oil, and egg whites in a large bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes.
Remove 1 cup of batter and transfer to a small bowl. Stir in raspberry preserves and food color and mix until well combined.
Pour half of white cake batter into prepared tube pan. Top with raspberry cake batter. Pour over the remaining half of white cake batter. Bake in preheated oven for 38 to 40 minutes, or until tester comes out clean. Remove and cool completely.
Glaze: Combine all glaze ingredients in a small saucepan and heat through over medium heat until syrupy.
Icing: Mix all icing ingredients in a small bowl with a whisk until a smooth thick consistency.
To serve, turn tube pan over onto a serving plate and gently lift pan to remove cake. Drizzle icing and glaze over top and down sides of cake.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.978243
Retrieved Text: Don’t be intimidated by this 2 layer, 99.9% organic cake! It is probably one of the easiest cakes to make – even my husband with is rudimentary baking skills can make this delicious dessert. And one of the best things about this recipe…it has half the fat of the typical carrot cake recipe, because it substitutes all-natural organic apple sauce for half of the canola oil. Enjoy!
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Using cooking spray, evenly coat 2 round, 8-inch cake pans and lightly dust with flour.
Mix all wet ingredients together in a separate bowl. Add wet ingredients to dry ingredients and mix well (note: batter will be very stiff).
Spread the batter evenly into TWO round, 8-inch baking cake pans.
Bake at 350 degrees for about 40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the middle of each cake pan comes out clean. Let cool in pans for 5-10 minutes on a wire rack. Loosen cake layers from sides of pans using a narrow spatula or plastic knife; turn out onto wire racks; and let cool completely (about 30 minutes to 1 hour).
Meanwhile, prepare the frosting. Beat butter and cream cheese at high speed of a mixer in a large bowl until fluffy. Gradually add powdered sugar, vanilla and lemon rind; beat at low speed until just blended (do not overbeat, or icing may become runny). Cover and chill.
To frost the cake, place 1 cake layer on a large plate. Spread about 1/3 the cream cheese icing on top of the layer; spreading carefully from the center out

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.974281
Retrieved Text: A layer cake is what inspired Teresa Urkofsky to become a chef. "At the age of 5, my mother took me to a bakery where I watched a baker decorating a layer cake," she recalls. "I said, 'That's what I'm going to do when I grow up.' And I did."
For cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line bottoms only of 3 (8-inch round) cake pans with parchment paper. Do not grease or spray pans. Sift all of the dry ingredients together and set aside. Blend all of the wet ingredients together thoroughly. Add dry ingredients to wet ingredients and stir gently, only until incorporated. Divide batter among the 3 pans. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes or until cake springs back when touched gently in the center. Allow layers to rest for about 10 minutes. Run a knife between the cake and the pan. Turn out layers to cool on a cake rack.
For frosting: Combine 2 tbsp. butter and brown sugar over medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until mixture is very smooth. Set aside to cool to room temperature. In a mixer, combine 1 cup butter and cream cheese. Beat until smooth, scraping bowl frequently. Beat in brown sugar mixture until smooth. Add powdered sugar and mix. Scrape bowl and beat mixture until fluffy. Beat in vanilla extract. Add bourbon to taste.
To assemble: Place 1 layer on a cake plate. Put about 1/3 of the frosting in the middle of the layer. Carefully spread frosting almost to the edge of the layer, without going over

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.952604
Retrieved Text: Okay, so I absolutely LOVE cake! White cake, chocolate cake, peanut butter cake, caramel cake, carrot cake if it's cake I'm interested! BUT I do have a FAVORITE! RED VELVET of course! I want to share a very yummy red velvet cake recipe here with you! This recipe makes a red velvet cake from scratch southern style. Super moist/soft cake and very creamy homemade cream cheese frosting. Hope you love it as much as I do!
The BEST Red Velvet Cake EVER!
Combine the flour, salt, baking soda, and unsweetened cocoa into a large mixing bowl and sift/whisk together.
In a separate bowl, crack open the eggs, and beat them.
Pour the sugar, buttermilk, oil, and vanilla extract into the bowl with the eggs, and mix until everything is nice and creamy.
Slowly combine the wet, ingredients with dry ingredient. Be sure to mix on a low speed!
Once everything is manageable, switch from mixing the cake batter to folding it.
Next, add it the vinegar, and red food coloring.
Fold in until all of the cake batter is red, and there are no streaks.
Spray two 9 inch cake pans with baking spray, OR grease and flour them.
Pour an equal amount of cake batter into each cake pan.
Shake and tap the pans to release any air bubbles, then let sit for 5 minutes.
Bake each cake on 325 F, for 25-30 minutes.
Remove the cakes from the cake pans, and place them on cooling racks.
While the cakes are cooling, make the frosting.
In a large bowl combine the butter, and cream cheese.
Cream the two ingredients together, then

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.92461
Retrieved Text: A wonderful accompaniment to hot coffee or tea is a rich coffee cake made with sour cream. This page contains sour cream coffee cake recipes.
Moist and feeds many people! This is a Southern cake that gets its name from the sour cream and cinnamon tastes that will sock it to you!
Set aside 1 tablespoon cake mix and 1 1/2 cups pie filling. In a mixing bowl, combine eggs, sour cream, water, oil, extract and remaining cake mix and pie filling.
A tasty sour cream coffee cake with a streak of chocolate chips in the middle!
In large bowl of electric mixer, combine margarine or butter, sugar and eggs. Beat until mixture is light and fluffy.
Blend in sour cream. Sift flour again with soda and baking powder into creamed mixture, add vanilla.
Very moist. Instant Vanilla Pudding and Sour Cream added to Hines Yellow Cake Mix.
Mix sugar, cake mix, sour cream, oil and eggs. Pour 1/2 of mixture in a greased tube or Bundt pan. In a small bowl, mix brown sugar, cinnamon and nuts.
Mix the preceding, except topping, in mixer at medium speed for 5 minutes. Grease a Bundt pan and put 1/2 of the topping in bottom of Bundt pan and the rest in the cake mixture.
Mix the cake mix, vanilla pudding, eggs, sour cream, vegetable oil and vanilla together and pour into a greased 9x13 inch pan. Mix the sugar, cinnamon and pecans together and sprinkle over the batter; marbelize with a knife.
Cream shortening and 3/4 cup sugar together in bowl. Combine eggs and sour cream. Add

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.90415
Retrieved Text: This 5-ingredient party-perfect vanilla cake recipe is healthy disguised as decadent underneath a luscious layer of sugar-free chocolate fudge frosting!
In a high speed blender, combine the water and medjool dates. Blend until smooth.
Add the rest of the cake ingredients. Blend very briefly until just combined. Do not over-blend or the cake will come out gummy.
Pour the batter into an 8-inch square or round pan that is either greased or lined with parchment paper. Spread evenly.
Bake for 30-35 minutes at 350F.
For the frosting, combine all the ingredients in a high speed blender. Blend until very smooth and creamy. Use as is, or refrigerate for a few hours to thicken.
Spread a generous layer of the chocolate fudge frosting on the cake. Top with sprinkles or fruit or whatever you like. Enjoy!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.811075
Retrieved Text: We all need to indulge in cake sometimes – however it is lovely to enjoy a moist orange cake that is free of grain, dairy and refined sugar. You must try this one, even the icing is clean.
Preheat oven to 170°C and line the base of a round spring form tin with baking paper and grease the sides with coconut oil.
Place coconut oil and rice malt syrup in a bowl and microwave for 20 seconds until melted. Whisk in coconut cream, orange zest, 1/2 of the orange juice and vanilla. Lightly whisk the eggs and add to the wet mix.
Combine dry ingredients to a mixer bowl or food processor and gently combine. Add the wet ingredients and blend until mixture is smooth with no lumps. Pour into cake tin.
Bake for 40 minutes or until a skewer comes out clean – timing can vary depending on coconut flour so use skewer to test.
While warm make holes all over the cake with a skewer and pour over the remainder of the orange juice. Cool on a wire rack.
Add remaining ingredients EXCEPT orange juice. Blend until smooth and creamy adding orange juice to required consistency.
Place icing in the fridge for at least an hour to thicken before icing cake, decorate with coconut flakes.
Store cake in fridge if not serving immediately.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.802305
Retrieved Text: Hi there! I hope that you liked the Organic Vanilla Pound Cake video. I was I was able to feature it here.
Preheat your oven to 350ºF and grease your 9″ bundt pan.
Combine the flour and baking powder (the dry ingredients) in a bowl and put to the side.
Add your butter, oil and cream cheese to your mixer and combine until incorporated. (This will be a bit watery but it’s okay). This is your wet ingredients.
Add your sweetener, vanilla, sour cream, and heavy whipping cream (HWC) one at a time) to your wet ingredient mixture. Combine until smooth.
Add in your eggs. DON’T FORGET to scrape the sides of the bowl.
Incorporate your dry ingredients until the wet mixture.
Let your cake cool for at least 1-2 hours (or chill until cold). This will make it easier to remove from the pan and stop it from falling apart.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.763058
Retrieved Text: All this to say that I baked a mango and chocolate marble cake today - the marriage of two headstrong ingredients that had no real business being together and would never have found bliss had my imagination not brought them into the same cake tin.
The bitter-sweet ending to this tale is that the cake is pure goodness. Two of my favourite ingredients kicking it, loving life, but trying to escape my antagonistic appetite.
You'll need two mixing bowls for this recipe, but start off with one and put the other aside for now.
Combine all the dry ingredients in a large bowl (flour, sugar, baking powder, ground ginger). Add the almond milk, and sunflower oil to form a nice, thick cake batter. This is the base mixture.
Here's where the second bowl comes in. Pour about a third of the cake batter into the second bowl and put aside. In the first bowl, add the mango purée and mix well to combine.
In the second bowl, add the cocoa powder and mix well to combine.
Take a regular-sized cake tin and lightly grease it with some oil/vegan butter or line with grease-proof paper. Pour the mango batter in first. Then swirl the chocolate batter into it. Use your finger to create a pattern if you want, don't be afraid to get your hands a bit messy here.
Bake in a pre-heated oven for 35-40 minutes. Leave to cool on a wire rack.
Super creative idea! I'm going to try this one.
Nice blog!!! Pls keep the recipes coming. I am Nigerian, and i've been

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.739878
Retrieved Text: This Healthy Apple Cake is everything you’ve imagined. It’s moist, delicately sweetened with maple syrup and raisins, and, of course, there is just the right amount of cinnamon. Serve it as a coffee cake for a Sunday brunch or take it to work and have it as a snack.
This recipe is very easy to make. All you need to do is mix the dry ingredients, mix the wet ingredients, beat the egg whites, chop the apples and combine everything together.
Then transfer the batter to a baking pan and bake to perfection for about 45 minutes.
You can use any type of apples to make this healthy apple cake.
If you choose a soft apple variety such as McIntosh the apples will cook through much better than if you use firm apples. But they will taste just as good.
There is no need to peel the apples. I usually keep the skin on because there are a lot of nutrients and fiber in it. Just make sure to wash the apples thoroughly under hot running water in case the apples are covered with wax. A good vegetable brush is also helpful.
Making an apple cake is a great way to use apples that are starting to go bad or dry out. In this case, make sure to remove all the brown spots.
This healthy apple cake is made with whole spelt flour. I much prefer spelt flour over whole wheat flour because it has a milder flavor. When shopping for spelt flour for this recipe make sure it’s whole spelt flour and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.69309
Retrieved Text: Room temperature ingredients ensure a more homogenous batter. When using soft butter and cold eggs, the batter can appear broken and separated.
Chocolate Cake: Combine the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt- sift and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter with the sugar, until light in color. Add the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl before adding more, followed by the beer and vanilla extract. Alternate adding the dry ingredients and the sour cream until fully incorporated. Pour batter into a greased Bundt cake pan. Bake at 350°F/176°C for 50-55 minutes. Remove from the oven and let stand 5 minutes before inverting onto a cooling rack. Cake should immediately release- if not, let stand another 5 minutes with pan still on inverted cake then remove.
Stout Glaze: Combine the powdered sugar and beer. Mix well with a whisk and pour onto cooled cake.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.69086
Retrieved Text: In the bowl of a stand mixer, using the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs in slowly and whip until fully combined and fluffy.
Combine and sift the dry ingredients, add half into the butter mixture, and mix until just incorporated, about 30 seconds.
Whisk together the vanilla paste and milk. Add slowly into the batter, and mix until just combined. Add the rest of the dry ingredients, and mix until fully combined.
Grease a 9”x13” or 9” round pan (or desired molds), and bake at 325 degrees F until golden brown and the cake springs back when gently pressed, about 50-55 minutes.
While the cake is baking, combine all ingredients for the soak. Bring them to just under a simmer on the stovetop, turn off the heat, and steep covered for 10 minutes.
Drain the soaking liquid through a fine chinois and discard spent tea leaves.
Unmold the baked cake, portioning if needed. Reheat the soaking liquid and completely saturate cake, letting it stand for 10 minutes.
Before serving, toss the cake in any extra liquid from the bottom of the pan. Serve the cake at room temperature with fresh fruit and whipped cream or sweetened mascarpone.
Ask the Chefs: What's Your Favorite Holiday Dessert?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.672062
Retrieved Text: This beautiful Apple Cake is simply bursting with the delicious flavors of fall and winter. Cinnamon, brown sugar and apples combine to give you all that classic apple pie taste, but in cake form!
I first tried this Apple Cake at my Jewish friend’s house and absolutely fell in love. I asked if she’d share the recipe with me, and was quite surprised to learn that this cake intentionally does not contain dairy so that it can be eaten with a meat meal by those following Jewish religious dietary laws.
And since this recipe uses applesauce instead of dairy ingredients (such as butter and milk) to keep it nice and moist, you also get the bonus of extra apple flavor!
This Apple Cake comes together so easily and since it uses basic pantry ingredients, it’s perfect for entertaining a variety of guests during the upcoming holiday season. It also keeps well which makes it a great choice for taking to potlucks and buffet style parties.
I love serving this Apple Cake warm with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a drizzle of caramel sauce. Yum!
However, those who follow Jewish dietary laws should skip the ice cream and caramel sauce. Instead, try dusting the top with powdered sugar for a pretty presentation.
Braeburn: crisp and juicy with a concentrated flavor.
Jonagold: these hold up nicely in the oven and have a nice balance of sweet and tart.
Honeycrisp: just as the name suggests, these apples are super crisp with a honey sweetness. The perfect specimen to include in tarts.
If you like this Apple

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.629654
Retrieved Text: I made this cake last week for our small group and it was everything I have ever wanted chocolate cake to be. This recipe is a perfect balance of sweet and chocolate. Thanks to Sweet Paul for the original recipe! I'm reposting here so I am never without it! I hope you love it as much as me!
Preheat oven to 350F and grease two 9 inch pans.
Combine all dry cake ingredients in large bowl or your mixer.
Add all the wet ingredients except for coffee and mix until combined.
Pour batter into pans and bake 30-34 minutes or until the sides pull away from the edges.
For the frosting, melt the butter on the stove, add cocoa and combine.
Remove from heat pour into a mixing bowl, add vanilla and sugar. Add milk until frosting reaches a good consistency.
Enjoy! This is the best chocolate cake I have ever had!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.605171
Retrieved Text: Pumpkin Crumb Cake is one of my favorite pumpkin desserts. Fall is almost here and I’ve got pumpkin on my mind and I can’t wait to make my Pumpkin Crumb Cake with Caramel Topping.
This dessert is easy to make too. If you love coffee cake, then you will love this pumpkin crumb cake recipe.
In a medium bowl combine the following cake ingredients butter and sugar and mix ingredients until light and fully. Add in eggs, vanilla and pumpkin and continue mixing until all ingredients are blended together. Now stir in the dry ingredients flour, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, cloves and salt, continue stirring until all ingredients are blended together.
Pour into a 9x13 baking dish and add crumb topping.
Crumb Topping: In a medium bowl add sugars, pumpkin pie spice, salt and butter. (butter should fully melted) Add flour and stir until you get a crumbly dough.
Be sure to check out my other recipes? Comment below and tell me if you’ve ever had pumpkin crumb cake.

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To prevent gunk buildup in cup holders of a car,

Choice 1: place coffee filters inside of the cup holders.

Choice 2: pour a thin layer of oil into the cup holders.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.533207
Retrieved Text: Let’s be honest, try as you might your cup holders are probably dirtier than a middle-school boy’s locker room. It’s okay to admit, we have all been there at one point or another. Luckily that life stops today. We have the solution to make your cup holders look like new.
It’s time to bite the bullet and pull out any grimy trash lurking in your cup holders. We promise this is the worst of it, you can even grab a pair of gloves to do this step if needed.
Now it is time to assemble the troops. Mix equal parts hot water, blue dawn and vinegar.
Pour some of the mixture it into each cup holder. Just pour enough to cover the bottom or any gunk that might be hiding on the sides. Let everything sit for a minute or two.
To clean everything up grab a clean diaper. Yes, you read that right. The absorbent nature of a diaper is the perfect tool for cleaning hard to reach places. Turn the diaper absorbent side out and push it into the cup holder. Let that absorbent magic do the work and soak up all the liquid. Swirl the diaper around a bit, being sure to press into the crevices, to pick up all the dirties. After a minute of swirling remover the diaper to reveal sparkling clean cup holders! Depending on how dirty your cup holders were you may need to use a new diaper for each one.
If you find you have really stubborn stuck-on gunk after using all three

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.991028
Retrieved Text: cup coasters charming idea cup coasters plain design cool drink coasters cup cup coasters diy.
cup coasters square wooden tea cup coasters for gift coasters for auto cup holders.
cup coasters set retro vinyl coaster silicone tea cup drinks coasters coffee mug holder table mats cup coasters for sale.
cup coasters set tea set cup coasters tea accessories bamboo round cup holder square coasters for auto cup holders.
cup coasters round shaped bamboo coasters set coffee cup coasters wholesale ceramic coasters car cup holders.
cup coasters wooden cup coasters with beautiful prints gift set cup coasters walmart.
cup coasters like this item cup coasters target.
cup coasters drink cup coasters coaster set holder handmade wood 6 round table accessories cup coasters diy.
cup coasters hot round cork coasters tea drinks coasters cup mats pads home vintage cup coaster modern kitchen dining accessories in mats pads from home cup coasters ikea.
cup coasters coasters cup holders.
cup coasters cup coaster cup coaster cup coasters for top fashion s coasters home decor wood round style cup coasters diy.
cup coasters leaf drink coasters wooden cup coasters 2 in 1 package coasters for cup holders in cars.
cup coasters cup coaster cup coasters for cars.
cup coasters silicone cup mat drink coasters set of 6 cup coasters for cars.
cup coasters glass coasters sets glass gifts cup coasters glass coasters cup coasters target.
cup coasters non slippery cup coasters heat insulated drink beverage coasters tabletop protection coasters stone coasters car cup holders.
cup coasters image via cup coasters ikea.
cup coasters buy it drink coaster holders.
cup coasters art decor coasters for drinks high end bamboo printing

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.481598
Retrieved Text: If gunk and goo buildup in your dishwasher—caused by food deposits and hard water—is minor, you can often remedy the situation by running a vinegar cycle. Simply pour three cups of white vinegar in the bottom of the empty dishwasher and select the longest cycle.
The vinegar will dissolve light mineral buildup and clean gunk from the holes in the spray arm. It will also remove residual grease from the interior walls so dishes will be cleaner and smell better.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.255884
Retrieved Text: Counter Art - Dog Lover Car Coaster Standard size is designed to fit cup holders in most cars, vans, boats, SUVs and trucks.
Counter Art - Sea Turtle Car Coaster Absorbent 2.5 inch round car coaster. Fits most vehicle cup holders.
Counter Art - Dragonfly Inspiration Car Coaster Absorbent 2.5 inch round car coaster. Fits most vehicle cup holders.
Counter Art - Horses Car Coaster Absorbent 2.5 inch round car coaster. Fits most vehicle cup holders. CounterArt cup holder coaster with decorative transfer print.
Counter Art - Another Day in Paradise Car Coaster Absorbent 2.5 inch round car coaster. Fits most vehicle cup holders. CounterArt cup holder coaster with decorative transfer print.
Counter Art - Grandpa Car Coaster Absorbent 2.5 inch round car coaster. Fits most vehicle cup holders. CounterArt cup holder coaster with decorative transfer print.
Counter Art - Don't Mess With Texas Car Coaster "Don't Mess with Texas" single car coaster.
Counter Art - Princess Car Coaster Absorbent 2.5 inch round car coaster. Fits most vehicle cup holders. CounterArt cup holder coaster with decorative transfer print.
Window Alert UV Flashlight Tester Make sure your decals and UV Liquid still glow brilliantly for wild birds.
Counter Art - This How We Roll Car Coaster Standard size is designed to fit cup holders in most cars, vans, boats, SUVs and trucks.
Counter Art - Happy Camper Car Coaster Standard size is designed to fit cup holders in most cars, vans, boats, SUVs and trucks.
Counter Art - "I'll Start Working When My Coffee Does" Car Coaster Standard size is designed to fit cup holders in most cars,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.109385
Retrieved Text: 0 pcs. - 16 oz red journey travel cup with lid and straw at $0.00 ea.
16 oz Red Journey Travel Cup with Lid and Straw. This double walled 16 oz. stadium cup is made of durable BPA free plastic with a seal-tight screw-on lid. The heavy weight straw has a stopper on one end to prevent it from falling out. Fits in most car cup holders. With this high quality cup, you’ll never have to worry about beverage spills again. Personalize this cup with your custom logo and impress clients, customers, and guests alike.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.800892
Retrieved Text: One of the biggest issues people have when they wear eyeglasses are dealing with the green gunk that seems to build up on the nose pieces.
This is most often a problem with wire-frame glasses. Nose pieces made of plastic, however, do become discolored and the same cleaning methods used to get rid of the green work on them as well.
Metal has a reaction when oxygen comes into contact with it. Think about jewelry like rings and neck chains that leave a green marking when you remove them. This is most often caused by the oxidation of nickel combining with the natural oils in your skin. Your nose is often the oiliest part of your body. The oil from your nose mixes with any sweat and that then reacts to the oxidation of the metal nose pieces.
After a time, this substance builds up and can make you think your spectacles are growing mold. This isn’t mold, but it is nasty to look at and not very healthy to be near your eyes. One way to prevent this from happening is to coat your nose pieces with clear nail polish, but this becomes a task you need to do almost daily and it can get old fast. So, let’s explore how you can clean this.
Washing your glasses on a weekly basis will give you a good handle on avoiding future buildup. To get rid of a current green gunk buildup, gather a soft cloth, a cotton swab, some mild dish liquid, alcohol, and a soft-bristled toothbrush. You may

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.39286
Retrieved Text: The Safe And Easy Way To Clean Greasy Cabinets. Store bought products are useful, and home remedies are nice, but when you have really dirty cabinets, neither will be up to the task.... Greased Lightning is a multipurpose degreaser product designed to remove built-up grease. Grease regularly builds up in the kitchen due to cooking. People regularly clean stovetops and countertops to prevent buildup, but often forget about cabinets. Since the cabinets don't receive a daily cleaning, a strong degreaser is necessary to get rid of the built up grease.
The Safe And Easy Way To Clean Greasy Cabinets. Store bought products are useful, and home remedies are nice, but when you have really dirty cabinets, neither will be up to the task.
Unfortunately, wood cabinets, whether painted or natural with a clear finish, are prone to all sorts of grease, grime and gunk from simply being in the kitchen.
Grease, food particles and dust can build upon our cabinets and can look really ugly and in addition, this gunk can be so difficult to clean especially if it is not cleaned every so often. The best way to keep this grease build up to a very minimal level is to clean and polish at least once every two weeks.
On our home cabinets there was so much grease build up we had to use SOS pads to help remove the top layer. The baseboards, and the floor also needed the grease removed (there, I used boiling water straight from the tea kettle to begin to loosen it).

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.220478
Retrieved Text: While many Kennewick Washington dentists will talk to you time and time again about brushing and flossing, there is a hero of dental health that almost never gets any love. That is tongue scraping, and you might not realize what you’re getting out of this until you read up on it. well, it’s time to learn why you should scrape your tongue, and not just because it’s unhygienic, but there is more to this than that. It’s simple to do, and something everyone should have in their dental care repertoire.
The first, is that it will make the flavors of food even better. Your taste buds and other flavors will experience a bit of a shock when you first taste something after you remove the buildup on your tongue. If your tongue is coated in buildup, you’re really not experiencing the wonderful foods that you’re eating, and in a sense, you are missing out.
You also can improve your heart health. A poor dental routine does lead to heart disease, along with diabetes and even infertility. You might believe you have a great dental routine set up, but if you don’t scrape your tongue, just think of all the germs that reside there that are left uncleaned.
It can also prevent cavities. If you clean the tongue, especially the part in the back, it will get rid of the bacteria and toxins that are part of the problem with plaque. There will be less buildup on your teeth as well, which prevents tooth decay, gum disease, and even cavities

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.957333
Retrieved Text: One of the services an oil change technician might suggest is an engine flush, which is exactly what it sounds like -- it flushes the gunk out of your engine.
Many oil-change chains offer extra services these days, from transmission fluid changes to air conditioning maintenance. One of the services an oil change technician might suggest next time you’re in is an engine flush, which is exactly what it sounds like — it flushes the gunk out of your engine.
Chemicals are poured into the engine, which is then gently idled for a few minutes to make sure the cleaning agent reaches everyplace oil would normally go. Then the chemicals are drained, just like the oil would be for an oil change. As a matter of fact, an engine flush is often performed after the old oil is taken out and before the new, clean oil is poured in.
There may be a few instances where an engine flush is required, but be aware that engine technology has progressed to the point that many newer vehicles not only don’t need and engine flush, they may be harmed by the procedure.
Keeping that caveat in mind, let’s take a look at five benefits of engine flushes.
An engine flush removes the gunk, which keeps the parts running smoothly.
If the gunk in the engine oil gets too bad, the parts of the engine can get gummed up. An engine flush removes the gunk, which keeps the parts running smoothly. That in turn can make the engine more efficient, bringing the power and fuel

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.876045
Retrieved Text: dinocontenti.com -Odor In Bathroom Sink ... 4 Bathroom Sink Smells From a Hole at the Front If you notice a foul odor coming from the overflow pipe in your sink, the pipe is probably harboring a layer of gunk and a colony of bacteria.
Odor In Bathroom Sink a smelly bathroom sink drain. A smelly bathroom sink drain is a common problem, as odor, residue and bacteria accumulate regularly in the drain. Luckily, keeping the drain clean and odor-free is a fairly easy task, and requires only a couple of inexpensive household ingredients. Avoid expensive and chemically-based drain cleaners sold at supermarkets and home improvement stores; they are often ineffective and use chemicals that you do not want around your home or family.
A sewer odor from the bathroom sink drain. Sink Overflow. The overflow on the bathroom sink can harbor the sewer odor. Look for a small hole located on the top of the sink that connects to the bottom of the sink. This hole can contain a buildup of debris over time. Remove the slime buildup by inserting a small bottle brush into the hole to remove as much of the debris as possible.
How to clean stinky drains: 3 non-toxic steps to kill odors. I’ve read all the suggestions when I had this problematic odor from the kitchen sink but none of them worked. On a separate note, I prevent bathroom sinks from clogging by draining them every day by filling the sink with water up to the brim and then draining it.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.628305
Retrieved Text: Is your car or truck’s engine a greasy mess? Don’t really know how to clean an engine? Follow these simple steps to make your motor as shiny and clean using our car cleaning products.
If you’re a clean freak, you’ve probably been degreasing your engine for years. But if you don’t know how to clean an engine, here are two good reasons why you should. First, a clean engine is easier to work on. Second, a clean engine brings more at resale. But you can’t just spray it with degreaser and hose it down. We’ll show you how to prepare the engine to protect critical electrical connections. We’ll also give you some tips for doing the job in an environmentally safe way.
Degreasing products come in two types: solvent and water-based. Both types work on greasy engines. And both require special environmental handling once they’re applied—even if the label says “environmentally safe” or “biodegradable.” Because once the degreasing solution starts dissolving the grease, it’s considered hazardous waste.
We prefer solvent-based degreasers because they work faster and seem to cut through heavy grease buildup better than most water-based engine cleaner products. The downside is their strong solvent smell. If you’re sensitive to solvents, choose a concentrated water-based product instead.
To get better “cling” on vertical surfaces, choose either a foam or a gel formula (such as GUNK Heavy Duty Gel Degreaser; available at auto parts stores and through our affiliate with amazon.com).
While you’re at the auto parts store, pick up a drip pan and three 3-packs of absorbent mat. We used

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.602858
Retrieved Text: Remove the water tank and housing of the humidifier. Remove the filter or wick and place in a sink or bucket so the water can drain. Remove the filter or wick and place in a sink or bucket so the... Clean the dishwasher. Run a cup of vinegar through the whole cycle once a month to reduce soap build up on the inner mechanisms and on glassware. . Run a cup of vinegar through the whole cycle once a month to reduce soap build up on the inner mechanisms and on glassware. .
However, it is important for you to clean your humidifier properly to ensure that you don't get sick. Vinegar and Baking Soda For many people, vinegar is a go-to for any kind of cleaning. how to delete ringtones on note 4 Tip #3: Cleaning a Bottom Fill Ultrasonic Humidifier Unit You should clean your bottom fill unit on a weekly basis, or when you see signs of hard water buildup or mold formation. Don’t wait until you have a serious problem – such as noticeable mineral deposits or a bad odor.
Use your bottle brush or toothbrush to clean off any visible deposits from the base, water tank and interior pieces. This should be quick work as the vinegar will have broken down the gunk already. This should be quick work as the vinegar will have broken down the gunk already.
13/06/2007 · Part of the reason for distilling water is to take the salt out. This will ruin the humidifier tank I am sure. Plus

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.24229
Retrieved Text: We offer both synthetic and conventional motor oil changes.
Over time AC refrigerants can become low, resulting in your car not being able to blow sufficiently cold air.
Batteries loss their ability to hold a charge over time, and are one of the most common reason for your car being unable to start. Robertson Automotive offers battery and battery system services, and a 5/6 year warranty on all batteries.
Sludge and gunk buildup can result in overheating, transmission failures, and delayed shifting.
Your car's suspension system helps to stay in control while you're on the road. Replacing your car's worn shocks and struts will not only improve ride control and stability, but also allow for shorter braking distances.
Clutches typically wear after about 100,000 miles, depending on your personal driving style. We offer both two and four wheel drive clutch installation, in order to help your car remain safely on the road.
Automotive vehicles of today have numerous complex computers that manage all of your car systems. Just like with all computers and software systems, your car's software needs to be updated to improve performance, increase fuel economy, reduce emissions, and accept a new replacement part. Here at Robertson Automoitive we can use state of the art reprogramming systems, and can verify if your vehicle's computer software needs to be updated. Here at Robertson Automotive we can use state of the art reprogramming systems, and can verify if your vehicle's computer software needs to be updated.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.01106
Retrieved Text: window candle holders and light with lamp suction cup plus for windows.
window candle holders inspirational s 3 illuminated mercury glass holder pedestals by suction cup for windows c.
window candle holders battery operated led innovations with suction cups cup for windows brass timer can.
window candle holders with suction cups led value pack bracket adjustable cup for windows c.
led window suction cup candles set of 6 candle holders for windows.
suction cups for window candles tree hill lighting cup candle holders windows.
suction cup window candle holders elegant candles holder cups 2 pack deluxe safety for windows h.
luxury suction cup window candle holders for windows.
window candle sensor battery operated pewter suction cup holders for windows.
suction cup window candle holders fresh dip clip car holder accessories sauce for windows.
suction cups for window candles cup candle holders inspirational ultra bright adjustable led cordless windows.
suction cups for window candles candle holders with battery operated dual cup windows c.
suction cups for window candles candle holders primitive 9 brass base bulb 7 cup windows candl.
6 pk candle lamp suction cups cup holders for windows.
led solar flickering candle light china suction cup holders for windows.
suction cups for window candles candle lamp lot solar led light creative power cup holders windows cand.
suction cup cordless led window candles enlarge candle holders for windows.
suction cups for window candles small cup with plastic nuts candle holders windows ho.
suction cup window candle holders inspirational best images on full wallpaper pictures for windows.
suction cup window candle holders awesome high intensity bar clamp mounted led spotlight for windows.
2 pack deluxe safety suction cup

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.93348
Retrieved Text: The task you’ve been dreading has arrived—spring cleaning! All winter the level of trash in your truck has slowly increased. We have a few spring cleaning tips and tricks you’ll need so you can get back on the road.
The snow may be gone but the salt stains in your truck aren’t. While the purpose of salt is to prevent accidents on the road, it’s a complete disaster for your truck’s interior.
Tip: Begin by vacuuming any leftover salt that is sitting in the interior of your truck. Next, dampen a clean cloth with cool water and rub affected surfaces to remove any remaining road salt. Be careful not to damage the surface by scrubbing with too much pressure.
Your truck also happens to be your dining room which means it’s that much more important to thoroughly clean. After eating a sandwich, most people remember to throw away the wrapper but it's easy to forget the crumbs left behind. Crumbs are small but mighty and can sit between the seats and other hard to reach places. Over time, crumbs will decompose – feeding bacteria which can lead to a stench. This makes them a top priority during your spring cleaning routine.
Tip: Before taking out the vacuum, try using a compressed air duster to reach the places your hand can’t. A toothbrush is another tool that will help loosen the crumbs stuck in the cracks of your seat. Once the crumbs are free, it will be much easier to vacuum them up along with other dirt and debris.
Cup holders are

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.756794
Retrieved Text: sectional couch with cup holders related post sectional recliner with cup holders.
couch drink holder couch with cup holder cinema sofa bed with drink cup holder table faux leather 4 colours couch with cup holder sectional sofas with drink holders.
couch with cup holders reclining sofa with cup holders dual reclining sofa with cup holders with black leather reclining sofa recliner cup holder attachment.
couch cup holder couch cup holder insert for amazon armrest organizer car portable recliner couch cup holder table.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.74674
Retrieved Text: Our 20 oz. KCSB Water Bottle fits in many bicycle water bottle holders or most car cup holders.
Our 20 oz. KCSB Water Bottle fits in many bicycle water bottle holders or most car cup holders. Great for refreshment on those bike rides or rides around town. Also great for hiking.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.724665
Retrieved Text: Cleaning a Vacuum Cleaner’s Universal Motor Commutator to Reduce Sparks (and Stink!) « Adafruit Industries – Makers, hackers, artists, designers and engineers!
Lindsay Wilson had a vacuum cleaner with some gunk buildup on the motor’s brushes/commutator, a common experience with any piece of machinery used over a period of time (or if you keep a furball pet around). He disassembled the device to give it a proper cleaning, and in doing so also took a look at the unique suction mechanism (2nd image below, also in the video) used by this particular vacuum cleaner.
The vacuum cleaner in the garage was making one hell of a stink and producing a lot of sparking – seems that some gunk had become trapped in the motor brushes/commutator, burnt and caused the brushes to start sparking excessively. I stripped the whole thing down and gave it a clean up.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.685253
Retrieved Text: People who have never ever visited CleanLos before.
People who are looking for full gunk/lint removal.
First time CleanLocs clients are encouraged to book a SteamWash'nLoc appointment.
A SteamWas’n’Loc includes a 60min SteamTreatment a 2hr Deep Cleansing Wash, and 1hr allotted to Retwisting/Tightening. This appointment focuses on removing old product, dirt, dust, oil, buildup, dead skin, sweat, and gunk which is the first step if you are looking for 100% gunk/lint removal.
This appointment is to remove any surface dirt, grime, grease, oil, leftover product or shampoo, dead skin, dust and sebum from the scalp and Loc shaft. LocDetailing and gunk removal will not be performed unless you have already had a Basic SteamWash’n’Loc.
This service has a range of $120 to 185 depending on length, loc size, density, how dirty the hair is. Overtime and Add-Ons will increase the cost as per prices listed for those services.
Hair past waist-length has an additional fee to be determined by the loctitian upon initial assessment.
Your first appointment with CleanLocs includes 4hours of service. However, first time appointments generally tend to go into overtime up to 2hrs or more due to unexpected hair-related issues that may or may not arise.
One of the main reasons CleanLocs was established was to focus on the cleanliness and overall health of Locs as well as to eradicate negative myths associated with wearing Locs. As such we will not compromise the quality of our work for the sake of time.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.603733
Retrieved Text: Ever wonder if there are simple tricks to keep your Camry cleaner and more organized? You’re in luck, because there are plenty. Here are some of our favorite Camry hacks.
Just drape a shoe organizer over the front seat for easy car organization! You can use the pockets to keep all kinds of small items in place to free up passenger and cargo space. You’ll also find a similar system in this saddlebag seat back storage system under part number PT218-12020.
Half a pool noodle on the wall can protect your car door in the garage! No longer will you have to stress over those nasty dings from opening the car door too wide to get out. You might find that you’re having consistent trouble seeing as you back into the garage, causing you to park too close to the wall. If this is a problem, check out these auto dimming rear views for better visibility under part number PT374-33050.
Toothpaste does a great job getting rid of minor scuffs on your car! Just don’t scrub too hard. Just rub a little bit on a terry cloth and very gently rub in a circular motion along the scuff. To protect your paint from scuffs to begin with, pick up some paint protectant film under part number PT907-42130-FF.
No Cupholder In Your Car? – No Problem!
Use some gaffers tape on your passenger seat to hold cups. This will create a way to hold a cup without taking up cup holders. Too many cup holders? Use this ashtray cup holder kit to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.591143
Retrieved Text: Drink Holders For Couches Interesting Ideas Sofa With Cup Recliner W Chocolate is part of great design ideas. Drink Holders For Couches Interesting Ideas Sofa With Cup Recliner W Chocolate was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Drink Holders For Couches Interesting Ideas Sofa With Cup Recliner W Chocolate was posted in October 13, 2018 at 4:00 pm. Drink Holders For Couches Interesting Ideas Sofa With Cup Recliner W Chocolate has viewed by 51 users. Click it and download the Drink Holders For Couches Interesting Ideas Sofa With Cup Recliner W Chocolate.
Holders, Drink Holders For Couches was posted November 24, 2015 at 10:43 pm by patriotsrun.us . More over Drink Holders For Couches has viewed by 4008 visitor.
Holders, Drink Holders For Couch was posted October 2, 2016 at 3:16 am by patriotsrun.us . More over Drink Holders For Couch has viewed by 3996 visitor.
Holders, Sand Drink Holders was posted October 28, 2016 at 4:26 am by patriotsrun.us . More over Sand Drink Holders has viewed by 5560 visitor.
Holders, Drink Holders For Car was posted January 7, 2018 at 10:15 am by patriotsrun.us . More over Drink Holders For Car has viewed by 3998 visitor.
Holders, Drink Holders For Cars was posted June

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.577345
Retrieved Text: There are many motor oil myths that are easily believed by vehicle owners, but how many of these myths are actually true? This post will uncover the truth behind some of the most common oil myths.
Motor oil isn't all that tricky to understand, but all the motor oil myths that a car owner will hear over their lifespan can make it quite intimidating. There is so much contradicting information that it's hard to know what is actually true. This post can clear up some of the most common misconceptions about motor oil.
This myth can be considered at least partially true. We'll explain why. If you're planning on taking your car on a road trip, but it's not due for an oil change anytime soon, or during your trip, an oil change isn't necessary before heading out of town. However, if your car's next oil change is scheduled sometime during your trip, it's best to get this done before leaving. If this is the case, don't leave the oil change until right before you plan on leaving. Get it taken care of at least a week before your scheduled departure just to be sure everything is in good condition.
This myth likely stemmed from some issues that synthetic oils caused when they were first introduced into the market. Back in the 1970's, synthetic oils were known to cause the seals in engines to shrink, leading to some new leaks in the vehicle. However, synthetic oils have come a long way and no longer cause these types of issues.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.387672
Retrieved Text: Put on your cleaning clothes, and get to work with this five-step season-prepping process. You'll have your grill up and running in no time. Then use other quick-cleaning methods to keep your grill cooking like a dream all season long.
Step 1: Preheat your gas grill on high heat for 15 minutes to loosen up grease and food particles. Turn off the gas, and close the valve on the propane tank or gas line.
Step 2: Keep the grates in place and scrub them down with soapy water and the stiff wire brush. This process creates steam, which helps clean the grill. When the grates have cooled down, take them out and wipe them down with a dampened microfiber cloth to remove soap and residue.
Step 3: Clean the heat deflectors located over the burners and under the grates. Cleaning them reduces flame flare-ups from dripped grease. Remove the heat deflectors. Scrub them with the stiff wire brush and soapy water from the bucket. Dry them with paper towels.
Step 4: Clean the burners to remove rust, food particles, and other debris. These can block the burner gas ports, which may cause uneven grilling. Use the wire brush to remove the blockages by brushing with short strokes across the burner holes, not lengthwise. Clean inside the valve with soapy water, rinsing inside with a hose to remove residue.
Step 5: Finally, clean the bottom of the grill's cook box. It's a messy job, but you can do it with a brush, soap, and water. Remove the propane tank and put a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.236622
Retrieved Text: Mold, mildew, pests — gross. Vents around the exterior of your home stop moisture buildup that attracts all three. But when your vents are blocked by debris or gunk, air can’t circulate and green stuff starts growing (We’re not talking about grass). No fear, read on to learn how to clean your exterior vents to keep mold and pests away.
Identify your foundation and eave vents. You’re looking for rectangular grates about one-foot wide and six to eight inches tall. Foundation vents are by the cement blocks near the foundation and eave vents are near the roof.
Remove any obstructions. Grab a pair of gloves and remove leaves, dirt, animal waste, and gross stuff that’s on the outside of the vent. Bag it all up and dispose of it properly (We recommend composting).
Wash and vacuum the vents. Pull out your trusty shop vac and plug it in outside — or plug it into a 20-foot extension cord that’s plugged in inside. Don’t have a shop vac? Any vacuum with a hose attachment will do the trick. Vacuum the foundation vents to remove residual debris or dust. Follow that up with some soap and water to increase air circulation and prevent mold buildup. Rinse and repeat until all your foundation vents are clean.
Repair broken vents. Inspect your vents for breaks or holes while you clean — it’s as simple as running your finger along the surface and feeling for inconsistencies. Bonus points (and bonus cash) for taping up any broken vents you find.
Do it again — for your eave

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.175343
Retrieved Text: Friends inevitably send 1 person to the concession stand to get everyone drinks, so you have to serve the drinks with beverage carriers. The 4 drink cup holders are the most popular cup holders at ballgames. These drink carriers are made of paper cardboard, so they are biodegradable and thus good for the environment. While you are shopping for cup holders, don't forget to get your cups as well. Roundeyesupply is the #1 foodservice distributor to concession stands and sporting events in the country. We sell them their cups, cup holders, napkins, straws, condiments, nacho trays, and much, much more.
Cup Carrier Kraft - 7.25 in. x 7 in. x 9.25 in.
Beverage carriers are a concession stand product that makes your outdoor event convenient and spill free. Don't make each person get up every time they need a drink. Allow one friend to return with 4 drinks in a 4 cup drink holder. This will make less people in line as well at your ballgame concession stand. Anyone that has to manage a drink stand at any event including fairs, festivals and concerts should pick quality beverage carriers that are strong enough to prevent collapsing and spills.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.113022
Retrieved Text: CRAFTED WITH QUALITYBask in the warm glow of candlelight without the unwanted effects of paraffin wax. These 100% pure beeswax candles are handmade & individually hand-dipped. Braided cotton wicks easily catch the spark from your match and sustain a robust flame for a long-lasting burn. Our high quality beeswax melts evenly with minimal drip. A heating process lightens the amber-colored beeswax to an elegant ivory, perfect for use as Shabbat candles as well as other formal occasions.VERSATILE CANDLES FOR ANY OCCASIONBurning for approximately 4 hours, these beeswax candles have myriad uses:- Shabbos & Yom Tov Candles- Church, Vigils & other Religious Ceremonies - Chanuka Menorah- Weddings, Parties & Celebrations- Restaurants & Cafes- Yoga Studio or Spa- Emergency Candles during Power Outages BEESWAX IS BETTERThe material used to make candles matters for much more than aesthetic appeal.Our Beeswax Taper Candles allow you to:- Breathe easier: Keep your indoor air clean and relieve your lungs and sinuses with 100% pure beeswax candles free of the toxins in paraffin. Choose non-toxic to protect asthma sufferers and children.- Avoid pollution: Lead an eco-friendly lifestyle with beeswax, unlike paraffin that releases pollutants & contaminants into the air.- Minimize mess: Our premium beeswax melts evenly & slowly, dripping minimally without leaving behind the gunk & buildup of paraffin.Try Hyoola candles today and let us light up your life!
HIGH QUALITY HANDMADE CANDLES: Homemade right here in the United States! They are made from premium natural beeswax and crafted to be reliable and useful in any household for beautiful decorating. lighting.
LONG LASTING BURN: Keep

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.072092
Retrieved Text: car cup holder size teepao car cup holder organizer car air vent insert adjustable bracket for soft drinks water car cup holder sizes.
car cup holder size custom accessories door cup holders buy generic x car cup holder adjustable fit cup holder size mobile x car cup holder adjustable fit cup holder size mobile phone holder.
car cup holder size cup holders prove that even the simplest tech can take forever to catch on standard car cup holder size wikianswers.
car cup holder size 32d2332565155582jpg 32d2332565155582f315jpg normal car cup holder sizes.
car cup holder size swigzy car cup holder expander adapter with adjustable base rubber tabs securely hold large water automobile cup holders universal universal car cup holder mount related post.
car cup holder size 10 black plastic cup holder boat rv car truck inserts universal size auto cup holder size.
car cup holder size bottlepro is the first car cup holder adapter design specifically for large water bottles such as 40oz hydro flasks and 32oz nalgenes standard car cup holder size.
car cup holder size bestek car cup holder combo car phone holder air conditioner vent mount insert with adjust size standard car cup holder size.
car cup holder size premium stainless steel coffee travel mug 20 0z double wall insulated tumbler with spill proof flip increase size of car cup holder.
car cup holder size 2015 cadillac cts cup holder increase size of car cup holder.
car cup holder size 3 pack black plastic cup 3 58 size holder boat rv car normal car cup holder size.
car cup holder size 2 pack javoedge cup

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.013924
Retrieved Text: Is the foul smell of your dumpster a cause for concern for customers and employees? The Low Country's love of seafood and other fried greatness partnered with our high heat and humidity, form a breeding ground for an unsanitary environment in your garbage cans. SaniCan will help promote a healthy, welcoming environment to anyone visiting your establishment.
SaniCan arrives at your business on the same day as your garbage pickup.
Our technicians remove any excess debris from your dumpster prior to beginning the cleaning process. Our vacuum recovery system is placed inside of your dumpster to prevent any foul runoff from leaking out around your premises. Your dumpster is then sprayed with low volume, high pressure, 200 degree hot water eliminating any gunk or buildup.
Your dumpster is then deodorized with one of our eco-friendly odor eliminators so that the next time a customer walks by, they'll be greeted with a pleasant aroma instead of that usual stench.
We promote a clean and healthy environment for you, your employees and your customers, allowing you to focus on what you do best- running a successful business.
Our system is Eco-Friendly and self-contained. No chemicals are used and all waste water and runoff is maintained in our machine. The waste water is then properly disposed of in water treatment facilities so that none of it ever reaches our ground water supply or river systems.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.968315
Retrieved Text: Planctonite, an acrylic aquarium equipment producer, is releasing a new line of automated protein skimmer cleaners. Called the Sweeper, the motorized cleaning device will keep your protein skimmer at its peak level of performance.
When your skimmer is doing its job normally, it accumulates debris and gunk on the inside of the skimmer neck that can negatively impact the skimmer’s performance. The gunk builds up, preventing the proper depositing of the skimmate into the collection cup. The Sweeper, and other self-cleaning protein skimmer heads, keep this gunk from collecting on the walls of the neck, thereby improving performance.
The Sweeper can be connected to a timer or aquarium controller so that it can be activated every once in a while, at the users discretion. The wiper blade will clean the inner surface of the protein skimmer’s neck and immediately impact its performance.
There are two models available, the Sweeper v2.o and the v2.0 Plus. The Sweeper v2.o simply uses a height adjustable rubber brush to remove the collecting gunk. The v2.0 Plus has all of the features of the standard Sweeper, but also adds to its neck cleaning abilities by rinsing the neck with water from the sump and flushing the collection cup with excess water. The flushing of the collection cup should only be used with skimmers that have a drain, otherwise the cup will overflow. Additionally, both models have a magnetically driven head and are universal.
Sweeper V2.0 is universal. Thanks to the included extra blades and accesories, can be installed in virtually 100% of the skimmers available

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.752615
Retrieved Text: 3pc Cup Holder Clips @ Crazy Sales - We have the best daily deals online!
These colorful table cup holders can be used conveniently and safely and save the space of table. It prevents to knock over your cup with water or coffee and can also clip the books and hang it on the wall. It is easy to clip these table glass holders at the side of table and can adapt to a range of different diameter of the cup. This amazing thing will give superb support to your cup & will act like an extra hand for you.!!
Buy one today & prevent your drink from spilling..

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To quarter biscuits, you can

Choice 1: Take the biscuit in your mouth and tear it into quarters

Choice 2: Take the biscuit in your hand and tear it into quarters

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.484695
Retrieved Text: These little biscuits are such fun and so so simple. The only thing that you really have to be careful about is the chilling stage. I've added a couple of notes at the bottom of the recipe for fancying them up a bit.
You can use any cutter you fancy, these will work really well to make holes in the top before baking to hang on the Christmas tree. Also if chilled properly they really hold their shape well so work fabulously for themed parties.
They're fab for making with children but my #TopTip is to roll out on parchment or a reusable mat for ease of moving them.
In a freestanding machine set with the paddle beater or a food processor bring all of the ingredients into a soft clay like dough.
Take a quarter of the dough and roll on some parchment to about the depth of £1 coin stamp out your dough and place on a lined baking tray, repeat until all the biscuits are cut out.
Stud the biscuits with sprinkles (we used mini Jazzies from Tesco) Pop into the freezer and chill for at least half an hour.
Bake your biscuits in the preheated oven for 12-14 mins. Remove from the oven and leave to cool completely.
For extra chocolateiness you can brush the backs of the cold biscuits with melted white or milk chocolate.
For something a little extra add the zest of a lime or orange to the mix.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.331802
Retrieved Text: Our Oreo dessert layer cake is the perfect recipe for when you want to make a show stopping cake but don’t want to turn on the oven! The layers of sweet vanilla cream and crunchy sandwich cookies come together to make the ultimate easy but impressive cake. Oreo desserts are always a popular choice for family events and kids birthday parties, so why not try making this Oreo dessert layer cake as a birthday cake for your favourite Oreo lover? This Oreo dessert cake can be prepared up to two days in advance, but needs to be left overnight before serving to allow the biscuits to soften slightly. This means that the cake is easy to cut into, and more importantly bite into, but still has a subtle cookie crunch. This Oreo dessert layer cake is easy but so impressive, and celebrates the classic flavour of cookies and cream that we all know and love.
Whip the cream, until softly peaking, then stir in the vanilla bean paste and sugar.
Arrange 1 pack of Oreos in a circle on a serving plate or a cake stand.
Dollop on about a quarter of the cream and gently spread over to cover the biscuits. Sprinkle with a quarter of the grated chocolate. Repeat with 3 more biscuit layers.
Decorate with the Mini Oreo cookies and a final sprinkling of chocolate. Chill overnight. This is ready to eat the following day, as the biscuits need to soften, so the cake can be cut. Serve within 2 days.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.114723
Retrieved Text: Though they’re hard to find in America, Tiffin bars are a staple in cafes across Ireland. This easy, no-bake chocolate treat requires only a few ingredients and comes together in a matter of minutes.... Biscuits are rarely dessert. WHY? They’re too delicious not to be dessert, amirite? Of course I am. I decided to take these unjust matters into my own hands and make biscuits more like chocolate cake, but still biscuits.
Though they’re hard to find in America, Tiffin bars are a staple in cafes across Ireland. This easy, no-bake chocolate treat requires only a few ingredients and comes together in a matter of minutes.... Browse deliciously easy chocolate recipes for chocolate cake, dessert, biscuits and pudding from Cadbury Kitchen. Best chocolate recipes from Cadbury Baking range. Best chocolate recipes from Cadbury Baking range.
STEP 1 Process biscuits and blend well. STEP 2 Transfer mixture to a bowl. STEP 3 Add cocoa powder and one quarter of the coconut.... STEP 1 Process biscuits and blend well. STEP 2 Transfer mixture to a bowl. STEP 3 Add cocoa powder and one quarter of the coconut.
Biscuits are rarely dessert. WHY? They’re too delicious not to be dessert, amirite? Of course I am. I decided to take these unjust matters into my own hands and make biscuits more like chocolate cake, but still biscuits.... 19/03/2015 · These biscuits are so delicious, I have to hide them in the pantry or the kids will eat them all in one sitting. They are a little chocolate indulgence and great to have with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.779694
Retrieved Text: Irresistible Monkey Bread Recipe… Easy Monkey Bread Recipe!
This easy monkey bread recipe is just delicious… hot, buttery cinnamon sugar melts in the mouth. A recipe for monkey bread that will please all! Plus, some GREAT VARIATIONS!
1. Cut biscuits into quarters. Combine 3/4 cup white sugar with the cinnamon. Roll each biscuit quarter in the cinnamon/sugar mixture.
2. In a cake pan or baking dish (bundt pan is best), layer the biscuits and the pecans.
3. In a saucepan, slowly bring milk, remaining 3/4 cup white sugar, brown sugar, and butter to a boil. Remove from heat. Pour over biscuits in the pan. Bake for 30 minutes or until it is cooked to your liking! Flip pan over onto a serving dish and serve right away!
Layer biscuits with apple chunks and walnuts... mmmm!
Layer biscuits with strawberry jam and fresh strawberry slices. For this variation, you would want to cut out the cinnamon and maybe replace the pecans with almonds. Of course, you can also use this same idea with other fruits… for example: apricot jam and apricot jelly or raspberry jam and mixed berries. Just remember to cut out the cinnamon! Unless you're using apple or pear jam with apples or pears! Have fun creating your own fruit combos!
Chocolate lover? Layer with chocolate chunks or chocolate chips. Just remember to cut out the cinnamon. Enjoy whatever monkey bread recipe you come up with! You can't go wrong because they are all so good!
To return to the top of the page, click here: monkey bread recipe.
Enjoy your monkey bread recipe!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.659306
Retrieved Text: If you just came home and you need to make a quick dinner or appetizers or even after school snacks than this is the perfect DIY recipe for you: DIY bacon cheeseburger pizza balls. You will need: 10 – 12 refrigerator biscuits, half cup of mozzarella (shredded), half cup of Cheddar cheese (shredded), half cup hamburger pieces (browned), a quarter cup of crispy bacon bits, salt and pepper for taste, onion powder, egg white (beaten) and grated Parmesan cheese. Instructions: Preheat your oven to 425°F. Take the refrigerator biscuits and flatten them adding on top the followings: shredded mozzarella, cheddar cheese, the hamburger pieces and also the crispy bacon bits. Give taste adding salt, pepper and the onion powder. Take the edges of the refrigerator biscuits and gather them on top by pinching them together. Add a cooking sheet into a pan and add the pizza balls on top of the cooking sheet. Use the egg white and brush the pizza balls. Take the Parmesan cheese and sprinkle it on the top of the balls. Bake for approx 20 minutes or until the pizza balls turn golden brown. You can serve them with garlic and sour cream, ketchup or pickles. Enjoy!!!
2 Responses to "DIY Homemade Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza Balls"

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.480528
Retrieved Text: This collection is a stunning mixture of cupcakes and parcels of biscuits. Each cupcake will be decorated with a swirl of luxurious buttercream icing and approximately a quarter of each order will be parcels of five homemade biscuits wrapped with a ribbon.
Colours can be amended by adding a note in the special requirements text box on the checkout page.
To order multiple flavours in this design (for example 50 vanilla and chocolate cupcakes) please add 25 chocolate cupcakes to basket then enter 25 vanilla cupcakes as a separate item to your basket.
Minimum order quantity: 25 (Stand not included).

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.412037
Retrieved Text: Cut biscuits into quarters, stretch quarter into strip to wrap around meatball, press ends of biscuit to seal. Repeat with remaining biscuits and meatballs.
Place on parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake at 425° for 8-10 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine remaining ingredients. Serve as a dipping sauce with meatball sliders.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.1933
Retrieved Text: How To Reheat Biscuits And Make Them As Good As New!
Catherine’s Kitchen Tips: Top Methods for Your Biscuits to Taste Like Fresh!
My kids love my home-baked biscuits, and I love making them for my little angels. This way I know that biscuits I give them are made from high-quality ingredients and do not contain any harmful additives.
Unfortunately, I am a working mom, and I lack time to bake fresh goods every single day. For that reason, I usually bake on weekends, and make a true spectacle out of it!
Make your reheated biscuits taste like you just took them out of the oven!
In the end, we all stare into the oven eagerly waiting for our golden biscuits to be done so that we can move to our couch and watch a cartoon or a movie while we enjoy them. We do not even wait for them to cool down!
We always make much more than we can eat - at least a two days worth of supply. In this way, my kids can have a healthy snack in days to come. The only problem is that they are now addicted to hot biscuits - they taste much better than cold ones that have been stored for a day or two.
So, how to reheat biscuits and make them taste like you just took them out of the oven?
I have found some great methods! Read on, and find out!
It is possible to store biscuits for 3-5 days in your cupboard. You first need to put them in an appropriate container

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.748188
Retrieved Text: We have been very busy this week. The children have been working hard on their volcano and tsunami work by bringing it to life through art as well as doing research based on a famous volcano and tsunami to write for their very own newspaper report. The children have really got in to the swing of being brilliant journalists. In Maths we have been working really hard on time - we began a couple of months ago by looking at o'clock, quarter past, half past and quarter to, we are now moving on to the five minute markers and have been looking at five past this week - some children even wowing us by writing it in digital time. Also in Maths we have been dividing 1- and 2-digit numbers by 100 and started to count in hundredths - we are just super. The children are still asking fantastic questions about the topic and some are even starting to bring in projects they have been completing at home - we love to see these so please make, write, build anything you like and bring them in.
We are in a weekly timestable rockstars and reading competition with the whole school and if you win you get chocolate biscuits, unfortunately year 4 aren't doing well and we would really like the chocolate biscuits so keep reading at least three times a week please!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.57103
Retrieved Text: Kangaroo meat dog biscuits will have your dog’s tail wagging and eyes sparkling with delight when they crunch into one of these quality handcrafted dog treats.
Kangaroo hind quarter meat is sourced from a registered ethical producer, then blended with homemade Kangaroo bone broth, free range eggs, fresh organic turmeric and sunflower oil then combined with Zoe’s high protein biscuit mix. We then roll the dough, cut the biscuits out and bake them twice to give them an extra crunch.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.01632
Retrieved Text: According to a new study, the key to successfully closing a business deal, is to ensure you provide a good selection of biscuits.
A survey of 2,000 business workers found one in four say they’re more inclined to close a deal in a meeting because of the biscuits provided, with shortbread, chocolate bourbons and flapjacks all likely to win a favourable reaction.
In fact, having the right selection of snacks was deemed more crucial to meeting success than making good small talk beforehand, the study found.
Never eating more than three in a meeting.
It's also best to avoid putting out pink wafers in the boardroom –these were seen as far too outrageous for a work environment (although not too bad in the calorie department).
The research, commissioned by luxury biscuit bakers Thomas J Fudges, revealed the politics of eating snacks in the boardroom and found dunking divided respondents- more than half said dunking a biscuit in a tea or coffee was totally unacceptable in front of clients.
Ahead of National Biscuit Day (May 29th), the study found a person's biscuit choice can say a lot about them - those picking a chocolate bourbon tend to be more headstrong and confident, while better leaders opt for a custard cream.
Flapjack fans have shorter tempers, digestive lovers are the most polite and those opting for chocolate bourbon tend to take more risks.
"It's clear that biscuits are a bit of an emotional topic when it comes to the boardroom. Who thought a pink wafer could be considered outrageous! It's official, we're a nation bonkers about

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.803991
Retrieved Text: Our Golden Outlook group meets at 1:30pm in our main hall and is for everyone. It’s a time where you can chat while we do various activities such as; Scrabble, dominoes, jigsaw puzzles, knitting, crochet and much more. For those a little more active there is always Table Tennis or Boules.
There really is no age restriction we simply enjoy being in each other’s company; talking, laughing and of course drinking tea, coffee and eating biscuits. Golden Outlook is also a great way to practice your English if it’s not your first language.
We finish at 3:30pm and for our last quarter hour we share a message from God’s Word.
Please feel free to just drop in.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.59109
Retrieved Text: Australia Day is the official national day of Australia. This holiday, celebrated annually on January 26th, commemorates the arrival of the First Fleet at Sydney Cove in 1788, the hoisting of the British flag there, and the proclamation of British sovereignty over the eastern seaboard of Australia (thanks wikipedia).
I do not know much about Australia besides the following facts: it has some of the deadliest creatures on earth, it's the home of the best shiraz in the world (thanks to all that great volcanic soil), they have kangaroos, and my longtime net pal Yuhan lives there.
Halve/Quarter some of the larger strawberries (you will use them for presentation later). Place them in a saucepan. Add Sugar, Water and Sherry. Boil for a few minutes, leave it to cool.
Crumb Biscuits for the cheesecake base (digestive biscuits are great for this).
OPTION: crush some ginger snaps and pecans and add them to the mix.
Mix the biscuit crumbs with melted mutter. Press the mixture into the base of a medium spring base tin - put it into the fridge to harden.
Whisk cream cheese, cream, lemon juice, eggs and icing sugar until smooth.
Take the strawberries out of the syrup and place them on the cake base.
OPTION: add extra berries at this stage - blueberries work well here.
Pour half of the cheese mixture into the pan.
Dip sponge finger biscuits into the syrup and place them on top of the cake mix (they should rest on top of the cooked strawberries).
Mix the remaining syrup with the cheese mixture for colour and pour over the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.579256
Retrieved Text: You can even put a of other fillings or splitting and gravy and turn it everyone will love. Try topping or filling with home and skip the bakery. It's about time you popped open that can of Pillsbury will turn that Pillsbury biscuit all the things to make. I can see using lots with pudding, so you can the biscuits into two layers and making smaller, appetizer-size pockets. Biscuits can also be a part of your family dinners, the taste of Buffalo chicken - wings, dips, and the as a starter for an is one of the simplest and most rewarding of them. While we all know there are innumerable ways to enjoy whether you serve it as a side or use it like - this biscuit-crusted ring entrée, like our Chili Cheese Dog Biscuit Cups. This recipe uses biscuits instead of cookies for a homemade. HCA is considered the active been carried out over the Vancouver Sun reporter Zoe McKnight and Leanne McConnachie of the quote me on that - the ethics of meat, the the American Medical Association. That's what the five-second rule just be the perfect dessert.
Keeping with the order-out Italian with a flaky biscuit topping, your house when you make. While we all know there part of your family dinners, whether you serve it as - wings, dips, and the like - this biscuit-crusted ring is one of the simplest and most rewarding of them. It looks like a deep-dish notes can now be found directly on the recipe page. Pick up

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.563232
Retrieved Text: This chocolate whoopie pies recipe look so heavenly and they are really simple to make. They are perfect as a gift for someone or even just a little treat for yourself.
Preheat the oven to 170°C (fan 150°C, 325°F, gas mark 3). Lightly grease baking sheets.
Sieve together the cocoa, flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Then in a seperate bowl cream together the butter, sugar and egg.
For best results when baking, use eggs at room temperature as they will beat into the butter and sugar mixtures to make an emulsion more easily than if taken straight from the fridge.
Lightly beat together the milk and vanilla extract. Add the cocoa and flour mixture to the butter mix, alternating with the milk mixture and beating until smooth. Fold in the chocolate chips.
Spoon the batter into mounds onto the baking sheet flattening the batter lightly with the back of a spoon. Make sure you leave enough room for the mixture to spread. This mixture should make about 12 cakes – that means 6 whole whoopies when filled. You may have to do this in two batches.
Don’t place your biscuits too closely together or they will merge. Arrange the biscuits in staggered rows on the baking sheet to aid even cooking. Your biscuits should be at least one biscuit apart.
Cook for 15 minutes or until they are firm to the touch. Remove from the oven and leave to cool completely on a wire rack before filling.
Remove the biscuits from the baking sheet as soon as they have set (usually 1-2

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.355993
Retrieved Text: Bring brown sugar, maple syrup, and water to a simmer in a medium-sized saucepan.
While that’s happening, quarter the biscuits and tightly roll into balls.
Carefully drop a few of the dough balls into the simmering sauce and cook for 3 minutes on each side.
Once cooked, place on a plate to cool slightly. Mix together the sugar and cinnamon and sprinkle some over the top.
Serve with reduced sauce and whipped cream.
Skip the bran muffins and treat yo'self to a sweet breakfast nibble that's full of big French toast flavors. Sometimes the weekends arrive and you need a legit breakfast that’s good and healthy. Other times you want to indulge. This is one of those times. Sweet, gooey French toast-flavored bites topped with whipped cream are like a churro-donut-dumpling hybrid breakfast dream. The ingredients are great because there’s only a handful: Flaky Grands! biscuits, brown sugar, pure maple syrup, and cinnamon sugar. To serve, I put some of the reduced sauce onto the bottom of the plate and placed the dumplings on that, then topped it all with a little whipped cream that I sweetened with the cinnamon sugar. Perfect with a cup of coffee or tea first thing in the morning!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.27337
Retrieved Text: Drizzled, dipped or sandwiched however you decide to incorporate chocolate into these pistachio cookies you won’t regret making them. They are Perfectly delicate and elegant shortbreads.
I’m convinced shortbread does taste better when they are dipped in chocolate, made with a fine meal of nuts, and cut into stars, moons or daisies.
It is Christmas time, and have given them a Christmas theme by using Christmas themed cookie cutters to shape them.
Made with ground pistachios and sweetened with icing sugar , they are the texture of a shortbread than a cookie but with a nutty flavour. Try not to omit the Chocolate as these biscuits are best with the small amount of chocolate.
Process the 1/4 cup of pistachos until finely ground.
Process the quarter other 1/4 cup of pistachos coarsely and reserve for the topping.
Sift the flours and sugar well.
Ensure the butter is chopped into 1 cm cubes and at room temperature soft to touch but not liquid.
Add flours sugar and butter into processor and process until mixture resembles fine crumbs.
Mix the egg and water together.
Add the egg and water into the flour and butter mix.
Process until ingredients cling together , wrap in Glad wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Place the dough between two sheets of baking paper. Roll dough until 5 millimetres thick.
Tip: if rolled thick the biscuits will be dry and crunchy rather than have a shortbread texture. Be mindful of thickness.
With your cookie cutters cut into the shapes preferred. The smallest shapes will take slightly less time to bake then the largest shaped cookies.
Place the cookie

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.236607
Retrieved Text: The Look Lane launch party - more to come on this soon!
Making Valentines biscuits with the little man.
Half term break (read about what we got up to in Lincolnshire here).
A wholesale order for my new stockist, Barnaby & Co.
Rediscovering my old college sketchbooks.
And my Nan's old Berylware tea cups!
Getting ready to launch my new Fat Quarter Club.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.198683
Retrieved Text: I love cinnamon donut holes. Because they are bite-sized I feel like I can either have more than I would if they were full-sized donuts, or I can opt to have less and feel satisfied that I had a donut! This baked cinnamon donut hole recipe is the easiest donut recipe you can ask for. And, they’re baked, not fried, so it’s better for you!
One recipe makes an entire pie pan of baked donut holes. I use cinnamon and sugar to coat mine and they’re perfect.
This plate of donut holes will be gone in no time!
I’m a sucker for breakfast treats. Well, treats of any kind. And, this recipe is just too easy not to try. Perfect for a busy working mom.
I make these so much now that I keep a can of the biscuits in my refrigerator so I can make these any time.
The first time I made the cinnamon donut holes, and then posted a picture of them on Instagram. I got several requests for the recipe. It’s almost embarrassing, really. Hardly a recipe, but I’ve made them again, and again, and they are scrumptious every time.
The perfect treat for a weekend morning – or even dessert!
Here’s the super hard step-by-step donut hole recipe. I mean, people, this is hard. Open the can of biscuits. I usually give it a good whack on the side of the counter. I learned this from my mother.
I used a can of “jumbo” biscuits, but it doesn’t really matter how many are in the can. Separate the biscuits

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.054304
Retrieved Text: Yes, they are square biscuits. I probably never would have cut a biscuit like this if Bobby Flay hadn’t done it first! I adore him and anyone who knows me, knows that! So, if it’s good enough for Bobby, it’s good enough for me. This is his recipe, by the way.
These biscuits are much like the recipe I’ve already posted here on my food blog except these just seem a bit heartier and sturdier, if that even sounds right. They can definitely hold up to adding a scrambled egg in between those wonderful layers without any issue. Add a slice of crispy bacon and a bit of cheese and you’re breakfast on the go is ready.
Scrape the dough onto a lightly floured counter. Pat the dough into a 10 by 12-inch rectangle about ¾-inch thick. Cut into 2-inch squares or use a 2-inch round cutter to cut out biscuits. Press together the scraps of dough, and repeat the process. Place the biscuits on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops with cream and sprinkle with the black pepper. Bake the biscuits until lightly golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Brush the tops with the melted butter. Cool on a baking rack.
Thanksgiving is tomorrow and if you haven’t yet determined what you’ll be serving for breakfast, might I make a suggestion? This recipe for Breakfast Brunch is the best! It was shared with me from a dear friend many years ago and I’ve since made it a tradition to serve every Thanksgiving and Christmas.
It’s quick to pull

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.983267
Retrieved Text: One of the hard things about following a gluten-free diet is not just finding food to eat, it’s finding food that I can afford. When bread costs $7 a loaf and the fear of contaminated grain belts has me reaching for oats processed in special facilities, I tend to shy away from the easy-to-eat foods like pb&j, if for nothing else than to be a little more easy on my wallet.
Luckily, the crock pot is a great tool for the gluten-free grad student, athlete, or all-around busy person. Not only can I make relatively cheap food with high leftover potential, it’s typically food that requires little prep work and chef-like maintenance. As an added bonus, I can also make many things in the crock pot wheat-free.
Since it’s fall, and fall usually implies warm, hearty soups and stews, I thought I’d share my super-easy chili recipe.
Dice the onion and green pepper and cook on the stovetop with the ground round. Once the meat is cooked through, add to the crock pot and throw in the tomatoes and beans. Add ~1/2 tbsp of salt and pepper each, stir, and cover. If you are feeling adventurous, add a few squares of dark chocolate or a spoonful of cocoa powder to make it mole-esque. Let simmer on low all day.
If you mix looks like this, keep blending it with a fork or pastry blender!
Blend 1/3c butter into the dry Bisquick mix with a fork (or a pastry blender if you are that sophisticated) until little pea-sized balls form. Then, add

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.906595
Retrieved Text: Here’s another promised Whole Wheat Quick Mix recipe! When you have the Quick Mix put together and ready to go, it is so easy to throw these biscuits into the oven. And if you want, you can make Sausage Gravy to go with them. My family cheers when I make gravy for our biscuits!
Mix ingredients together, adding additional whole wheat flour if necessary to form a nice bisuit dough that will roll out well.
Press or roll dough onto a well-floured surface. Cut with a biscuit cutter or round glass to shape biscuits. Place biscuits onto a baking stone or a well-buttered baking pan. Bake in a 450° oven for 10-12 minutes or until biscuits are golden brown.
Have you ordered a copy of Oh, For Real: Real Food, Real Family, Real Easy yet? You’ll find all these recipes in the book – plus many more recipes and tips that will make your life easier as you work to feed your family a diet of real, whole foods!
A biscuit with butter and honey sounds awfully tasty right now!
My favorite way is every way! Butter, jelly, local raw honey, gravy. Yum!
I want to make the quick mix soon but my organic palm shortening from TT expires on March 13th. Do you think it will still be ok to use it? I still have a quarter of a gallon left and would hate to throw it out but i’m not sure the safety after the date.
I would call the company and ask them how long the product will be good

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.905632
Retrieved Text: This is an exclusive business profile of Parle Biscuits Ltd located in , Bahadurgarh. From this Page, you can directly contact Parle Biscuits Ltd from the enquiry form provided on the right. On the left you can get the Verified Mobile Number of Parle Biscuits Ltd â€“ feel free to call us to know more about our products & services. We will soon update our Catalog which you can download to get latest information about all our products & services and latest deals & offers by Parle Biscuits Ltd. Do check out our Job Openings section to know about all the vacancies in Parle Biscuits Ltd. You can also check out our Photo Gallery section to see latest photos of Parle Biscuits Ltd. Before leaving, do not forget to give us your review and rating if you have been a customer of Parle Biscuits Ltd in the past.
Do you want to receive special deals and offers from Parle Biscuits Ltd?
Daily Download limit reached! Do you want to alert Parle Biscuits Ltd to receive Catalogue?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.855274
Retrieved Text: This is an exclusive business profile of Santosh Biscuits Shop located in , Hyderabad. From this Page, you can directly contact Santosh Biscuits Shop from the enquiry form provided on the right. On the left you can get the Verified Mobile Number of Santosh Biscuits Shop â€“ feel free to call us to know more about our products & services. We will soon update our Catalog which you can download to get latest information about all our products & services and latest deals & offers by Santosh Biscuits Shop. Do check out our Job Openings section to know about all the vacancies in Santosh Biscuits Shop. You can also check out our Photo Gallery section to see latest photos of Santosh Biscuits Shop. Before leaving, do not forget to give us your review and rating if you have been a customer of Santosh Biscuits Shop in the past.
Do you want to receive special deals and offers from Santosh Biscuits Shop?
Daily Download limit reached! Do you want to alert Santosh Biscuits Shop to receive Catalogue?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.825344
Retrieved Text: This recipe is from Dorie Greenspan, award-winning author of 11 cookbooks, the most recent of which is “Baking Chez Moi.” Read more on her website, doriegreenspan.com, and follow her on Twitter: @doriegreenspan.
Center a rack in the oven and preheat oven to 425 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone liner.
Whisk together flour, baking powder, salt (to taste) and baking soda in a large mixing bowl. Whisk together cottage cheese and milk in a separate bowl.
Scatter butter and herbs over flour mixture; toss to coat butter with flour. Use fingertips or a metal pastry blender to rub, squeeze and/or cut butter into dry ingredients. You’re aiming for a lumpy mix with pieces of every size and shape, from pea-size to flake. It should look rough.
Pour cottage cheese-and-milk mixture over dry ingredients; use a fork to gently stir everything around until you have a soft dough. Squeeze a piece and it will hold together. Reach into bowl and turn, fold and knead dough — go easy, it’s not bread — just enough to bring everything together into a ball.
Lightly dust a work surface with flour and turn out dough. Dust the top of the dough very lightly, and either pat dough out with your hands or roll it with a pin until it is between 1/2-inch and 3/4-inch high. Don’t worry if the dough isn’t rolled out evenly: A quick, light touch is more important than accuracy.
Use the cutter; your goal is to cut the biscuits as close to one another as possible, so

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.809196
Retrieved Text: Weekly Sunday service (Sung Mass) at 10am. Mass lasts approximately an hour and a quarter and is followed by tea and biscuits in the hall. Children are welcome, and a Sunday School meet after mass every week in term time.
Please join us at St Wilfrid's this Easter as we follow our Lord's passion, from his darkest hours on Maundy Thursday and Good Friday, through to the joy of the Resurrection on Easter Sunday.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.778551
Retrieved Text: stone ground barley flour is low in gluten. it produces a heavy, dark bread.
when baking yeast breads, you can replace up to a quarter of wheat flour with barley flour, and in quick breads and other baked goods, you can replace up to half of wheat flour with barley flour.
store in a cool, dry cupboard in an airtight container.
barley flour is made by grinding whole barley grain. like many other flours, it can be used to replace part of wheat flour in a recipe to produce a distinct nutty flavour and great texture. it is a popular replacement for wheat flour because unlike other non-wheat flours, it does contain some gluten. barley flour has weaker gluten than wheat flour, however, so it may not rise as well as recipes made with wheat. as a result, barley flour is usually mixed with wheat flour or bread flour when baking yeast breads. barley flour also has other great uses, such as thickening soups and sauces and can also be used in cookies, pancakes, biscuits or muffins. it's a perfect way to add variety to the grains in your diet.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.629005
Retrieved Text: It was my younger brother’s birthday and so I thought I’d bake him something! The only problem being that I can’t bake AT ALL. Everytime I’d try to bake a cake, it would turn out like a frisbee…tasted great but was rather disc-like. So, I decided to make him oreo rocky road because hey it doesn’t involve baking powder or an oven! I used one of Nigella’s recipes but tailored it to my own liking. The link for Nigella’s recipe is at the end of this post.
As you can see in the photos above, the Oreo rocky road bars turned out quite well!
I used 300g of Tesco brand cooking chocolate, 120g of butter, 4 tablespoons of golden syrup, 200g rich tea biscuits, 200g marshmallows, 6 Oreo cookies and the willpower to not eat the mixture before freezing it.
Firstly, I broke the chocolate into small chunks and melted them over a double broiler. When the chocolate had melted, I separated half a cup of the chocolate and poured it into a small bowl to save for decoration at the end. Once it was all melted, butter was added into the big bowl of chocolate and stirred. Next, I put the biscuits in a sandwich bag, sealed it, and hit the bag with a rolling pin ,(great for anger management), until the biscuits were a mixture of crumbs and small pieces. I then added these to the chocolate and butter bowl and stirred until the biscuit pieces are covered. The same step was repeated with the Oreos. Next,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.576052
Retrieved Text: Karachi Bakery Chocolate Cashew Biscuits, 400g Offer on Amazon India Price Rs. 127 | INRDeals.
Shoppers! Get ready to loot as Amazon India is back again with an amazing offer. Now you can get best deal Karachi Bakery Chocolate Cashew Biscuits, 400g at lowest price and save more than 29% off on MRP. The Karachi Bakery Chocolate Cashew Biscuits, 400g offer will not only help you save more than 180 but also will help you earn cashback on your purchase from Amazon India. The brand has been regularly coming up with lucrative offers at Amazon India after their launch in India. The market research also suggests that today’s price for Karachi Bakery Chocolate Cashew Biscuits, 400g is the best buy price for the month of April 2019. The multiple payment options for Karachi Bakery Chocolate Cashew Biscuits, 400g offer are Cash on Delivery (COD), Netbanking, Credit Card, Debit Card etc. Don’t miss out on your chance to grab the all new deal featuring Karachi Bakery Chocolate Cashew Biscuits, 400g at the cheapest price, the perfect gift for Women & Men. The other perks associated with the sale on Amazon India include savings of approximately 26.5 greater than the market price of Karachi Bakery Chocolate Cashew Biscuits, 400g deal, plus Buying offer Karachi Bakery Chocolate Cashew Biscuits, 400g online now will help you grab the lowest price online in India.
Without any doubt the product at 29% discount is a great deal to buy online in India. Talking about the warranty, generally the Products at Amazon India are available

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.4864
Retrieved Text: India's biggest cigarette maker ITC Ltd posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit on Wednesday, helped by a fall in excise duty.
Profit for the quarter ended March 31 came in at 29.33 billion rupees ($432.44 million) from 26.69 billion rupees reported last year, the company, which also makes biscuits and noodles under the Sunfeast brand, said https://bit.ly/2L6bFdd.
Analysts on average expected a net profit of 28.45 billion rupees, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Revenue from operations fell 28 percent to 108.13 billion rupees, while excise duty paid was down about 94 percent.

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To make a bedroom temperature colder without a fan or air conditioner,

Choice 1: hang up a thick, and dark blanket over the windows and then ensure their is proper air flow in the room.

Choice 2: wave a large blanket up and down to generate a gust of wind to cool the room down when it gets too hot.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.49157
Retrieved Text: Using Your Fan and Air Conditioner|Eco Fresh HVAC Inc.
Stay comfortable and save some money together as the weather warms up – what could be better? This time of the year in-between seasons and in-between usage of your furnace and air conditioner, you probably haven’t turned your cooling system on yet and may just be using ceiling fans to cool your home when necessary. But did you know that using your fans with your air conditioner throughout the summer could in fact be more effective and also save you more money?
Contingent on the season, ceiling fans have the option to run clockwise or counterclockwise. Air should be moving down during the summer months to distribute more air down. To find out which way your fan is traveling, you can stand beneath the fan and check if you experience the breeze, and if not, vary the direction of the fan’s movement. While ceiling fans don’t make cool air, they can make you feel colder through the wind chill effect.
The ideal way to drop costs this summer is by raising your thermostat a few degrees. With the help of your ceiling fan, you won’t even notice the greater thermostat temperature and your well-being shouldn’t be altered too much. For every degree you raise the temperature in your home, you’re permitting your air conditioner to work less and potentially saving yourself money.
Everyone should think about their ceiling fans like their lights; when nobody is in the room, it’s ideal to turn them off. Turning on fans in rooms without anyone

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.479607
Retrieved Text: Published 04/21/2019 03:09:53 pm at 04/21/2019 03:09:53 pm in Coldest Window Air Conditioner.
coldest window air conditioner a heat pump is an air conditioning system that can be run in reverse to produce heat during colder weather whats great about a heat pump is its energy coldest window air conditioner temperature sensor.
coldest window air conditioner temperature range,coldest window air conditioner temperature sensor,coldest window air conditioner temperature control,coldest window air conditioner temperature settings,coldest window air conditioner,coldest window air conditioner temperature, best window air conditioners of consumer reports spt wafms, best window air conditioners of consumer reports kenmore , the best air conditioner for reviews by wirecutter a new the best air conditioner, ,improve window ac colder hacks youtube improve window ac colder hacks .

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.93892
Retrieved Text: An air conditioner unit helps to regulate the temperature of a room during hot weather. Some units even feature a heating element for cold winter days when you don't need to make the room colder than it is outside. If you use your air conditioner's cooling function in the winter, the coils might freeze. If so, you'll want to follow a few guidelines to unfreeze them.
When the weather turns cold, it's best to leave the air conditioner off.
Air conditioner units have limits to their thermostat settings. The low end of the thermostat dips to approximately 60 degrees Fahrenheit on most units. If the weather outside is colder than that, it makes more sense to open a window to allow the outside air to cool the room than to use the air conditioner to do it.
If the weather is warmer than the lowest thermostat setting, press the down directional button on the air conditioner unit's front panel, or on the remote control, to turn the thermostat down. The air conditioner will cool the air until the room's temperature reaches the thermostat setting.
Some air conditioners feature a heat element along with a thermostat that can be set up to 90 degrees Fahrenheit. Turning on the "Heat" feature directs the unit to produce warm air to combat the cold weather outside. To access this feature, press the "Mode" button repeatedly until you reach the "Heat" mode. Set the desired heating temperature on the thermostat by pressing the up directional button until you reach the desired setting.
When the weather is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.902172
Retrieved Text: Unlike air conditioners, fans only move air—they do not directly change its temperature. Therefore ceiling fans that have a mechanism for reversing the direction in which the blades rotate (most commonly an electrical switch on the side of the unit) can help in both heating and cooling.
as they spin. The breeze created by a ceiling fan speeds the evaporation of perspiration on human skin, which makes the body's natural cooling mechanism much more efficient. Since the fan works directly on the body, rather than by changing the temperature of the air, during the summer it is a waste of electricity to leave a ceiling fan on when no one is in a room.
IN WINTER, ceiling fans should be set to turn the opposite direction (usually clockwise; the blades should spin with the downward turned side leading) and on a low speed. Air naturally stratifies — that is, warmer air rises to the ceiling while cooler air sinks. Unfortunately, this means it is colder on or near the floor where human beings spend most of their time. A ceiling fan, with its direction of rotation set so that air is drawn upward, pulls up the colder air below, forcing the warmer air nearer the ceiling to move down to take its place, without blowing a stream of air directly at the occupants of the room. This action works to even out the temperature in the room, making it cooler nearer the ceiling, but warmer nearer the floor. Thus the thermostat in the area can be set a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.34674
Retrieved Text: air conditioner-STEEL PLATE COMPANY SALE HOT PRODUCTS IS SHUIPBUILDING STEEL PLATE, SHEET.
If you have any questions about air conditioner, Please fill in your name and your message and do not forget mail and/or phone if you like to be contacted. Please note that you do not need to have a mail programme to use this function.
As: output air conditioner size like size Thickness, width, length, QTY, for construction and other requirements.
Get an AC Unit to Beat the Heat. First, figure out the cooling capacity of the air conditioner unit you need in relation to the size of the room. By cooling capacity, we mean British thermal Units or BTUs. Use our BTU to room size air conditioner calculator to get started. Factor in how much sunlight the room gets.
Shop for Air Conditioners in Heating, Cooling, & Air Quality. Buy products such as Frigidaire 5,000 BTU Window Air Conditioner, 115V, FFRA0511R1 at and save.
Air Conditioners. Lennox® air conditioners are amongst the quietest and most energy efficient units on the market. Delivering perfectly precise comfort control, Lennox air conditioners continually make small adjustments in fan speed and cooling output to hold your temperature exactly where you want it.
Air conditioning units outside a building. Air conditioning (often referred to as AC, A/C, air, or air con) is the process of removing heat and moisture from the interior of an occupied space, to improve the comfort of occupants. Air conditioning can be used in both domestic and commercial environments.
Stay Cool With Air Conditioners and Fans From Lowe's. When the temperature

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.17373
Retrieved Text: Why is one bedroom always colder than the rest of the house?
If you�ve been wondering how to make an air conditioner colder, look no further. Whether you�re dealing with central air conditioning system or a window unit, we have several tips homeowners can use to make your air conditioner work more effectively .
Very good tips and a good reminder for me to clean the AC unit outdoors as it is on the side of our house where leaves can get down in it.
On the surface, it may make sense to place your air conditioner in the hottest room in the house, but it�s actually counterproductive. If your AC unit is in your home�s hottest spot, it�s going to end up working far too hard and not equally distributing cool air around the room for long periods of time.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.71404
Retrieved Text: Your air conditioning unit is made up of multiple components that enable it to regulate your indoor home temperatures. The refrigerant is one of these components. The refrigerant works by absorbing heat from your air conditioner's cooling chamber. Usually, refrigerants are made to last the lifetime of your air conditioner. However, things such as leaks will result in low refrigerant levels, which in turn will affect the effectiveness of your air conditioner in regulating the temperature in your home. For this reason, knowing these 3 signs that your air conditioner is running low on refrigerant is crucial in finding a solution early enough.
When your air conditioner is low on refrigerant, it will lose its cooling capability. Low refrigerant means more heat will be trapped in your AC unit's cooling chamber. This means that the air entering your home will be much harder to cool. Therefore, since the air entering your home will be warmer than it actually should be, your air conditioning system will have to run longer cycles for it to reach the temperatures you set on your thermostat. Longer cooling cycles are oftentimes accompanied by a home that won't cool. That is, you keep on setting your thermostat to lower temperatures without a noticeable change in your indoor temperature. If your air conditioner has to work harder to cool your home, you will end up with much higher energy bills so it's important to handle the issue as early as you can.
When your air conditioning system is low on refrigerant, the heat release won't

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.346447
Retrieved Text: The air conditioner is one of the essential home appliances that you can find frequently in the residential and commercial places. In the world, most of the people are using the air conditioner in the office and home. The air conditioner provides luxury and comfort to the home at the summer. It keeps the home cool and comfortable. These days, there are broad ranges of the AC manufactures are available in the market such as Sony, LG, Hitachi, Voltas, and others. But the Samsung is one of the reputed air conditioner brands. Many people use the air conditioners for their home.
The summer season is exhausting and cruel when the fan pushes the hot air down. You can purchase the AC to reduce the heat and keep the home cool that makes the summer cool and pleasant. The Samsung ACs comes with the advanced technology and features that make the brand more popular among the people. The boasting feature of the Samsung AC such as fast cooling, better sleep mode, triple plus technology of protectors, and others that help you to maintain the stable temperature. It provides the great comfort to the users.
When you are looking to purchase the Samsung AC for your home or office you must compare the Samsung air conditioners price online. Most of the sites are providing the lot of information about the air conditioner such as features, specification, price, and others. It helps you to find the best one which suits your needs and budget.
The Samsungair conditioner has great features that will

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.044495
Retrieved Text: Get inspired with our curated bedroom ceiling fan lists. No matter your decor you'll be sure to find a stylish ceiling fan for your bedroom that you'll absolutely love. We cover everything from themed nursery ceiling fans to quiet ceiling fans for your master bedroom.
Who makes the most quiet ceiling fan? Say goodbye to noisy distractions and "hello" to these silent ceiling fans for your bedroom.
Should I put a ceiling fan in my bedroom?
Ceiling fans are a simple and energy efficient way to keep cool during warmer weather and distribute heat during the colder months. A gentle breeze goes a long way in keeping you comfortable and a ceiling fan is an energy efficient way to supplement your air conditioning in the summer. Those without air conditioning will be amazed at how a bedroom ceiling fan can help with lowering your body temperature when you need it most. In the winter a bedroom ceiling fan can circulate heat and help you cut down on your heating bill. Most ceiling fans come with reversible motors and are made for year round use.
Large and master bedrooms will benefit from the air circulation and cool breeze a ceiling fan has to offer. Bedroom ceiling fans allow for gentle air circulation that keeps you and your guests comfortable. If your bedroom is smaller then a bedroom ceiling fan with lights will be the perfect addition. These ceiling fans save space and energy by combining both a light fixture and a ceiling fan in one simple installation.
What size ceiling fan do

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.915234
Retrieved Text: JM-capricorns Mini Portable Air Conditioner Fan,Portable Misting Desktop Table Desk Cooling Fan Evaporative Air Circulator Cooler Humidifier Bladeless Quiet for Office, Dorm, Upgrade Version Blue is a good product.
You can read the information of JM-capricorns Mini Portable Air Conditioner Fan,Portable Misting Desktop Table Desk Cooling Fan Evaporative Air Circulator Cooler Humidifier Bladeless Quiet for Office, Dorm, Upgrade Version Blue, for the deciding on a purchase.
Based on the natural water evaporation technology,delivers a stream of cool air where you need it most,lowering the temperature of your personal space by up to 12 degrees;Strong wind with 3 Gear wind speed for your choice,the maximal fan rotating speed arrives to 3m/s,the fan speed can be adjusted among low, medium, high according to your demands,manual up-down to adjust blowing direction in 120 degree ,creat your own personal cooling zone.
Features large 420ml water tank ,spray cooling mist for 4-6 hours for one tank water,drop your favorite essential oil into water, purify air and keeps your skin moisture,keep away from dry air,enjoy your mist humidify cooling summer. If add some ice together with water,you will feel more fresh & cooling wind come out.
Portable evaporative air cooler,small and light ,very easy to pick up and move,perfect stand alone on your office desk,dining table,beside sofa,in your dorm room,next to your lovely pets,or anywhere you’d like to be a little bit cooler.No blades exposed no possibility to hurt people and totally safe for using by kids or pets.
Low power consumption as a light bulb and use Non-Freon,quietly operates throughout the night,much cheaper than running a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.90033
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 12:02:32 am at 04/25/2019 12:02:32 am in Ac Fan For Room.
ac fan for room medium size of portable ac fan for room best dorm without how to cool down a cooling fans for room mist cooling stand fan for room or bedroom cooling fans for room best fan.
the best fan for reviews by wirecutter a new york times company the best fan, quilo portable air conditioner standing ac unit with dehumidifier quilo portable air conditioner standing ac unit with dehumidifier cooling fan for rooms up, ac v w mm shaft dia fan motor for room air conditioner ac v w mm shaft dia fan motor for room air conditioner, best ac fan for room ceiling portable electric cooling decorating medium size of portable ac fan for room best dorm without how to cool down a, china tr air cooler fan for room water cooled package unit china tr air cooler fan for room water cooled package unit, mini standing ac conditioner mobile water portable evaporative air mini standing ac conditioner mobile water portable evaporative air cooler fan for room,, the best tower fan of your best digs the best tower fan, portable ac fan for room air conditioners decorating extraordinary full size of portable ac fan for room order cool my camper air conditioning smallest most , ac fan for room cooler fan cooler fan for room beautiful design air ac fan for room whether it is summer or winter whether running your air conditioner or ac fan for room , small ac fan

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.825966
Retrieved Text: Looking for S’beauty Portable 9.5-inch Mini Desktop Air Conditioner Fan Personal Air Cooler Ice Cube Water Misting Cooling Fan Room Humidifier for Office, Dorm, and More (Blue)? You came to the right place.
This page contains details of S’beauty Portable 9.5-inch Mini Desktop Air Conditioner Fan Personal Air Cooler Ice Cube Water Misting Cooling Fan Room Humidifier for Office, Dorm, and More (Blue). You can read the information of S’beauty Portable 9.5-inch Mini Desktop Air Conditioner Fan Personal Air Cooler Ice Cube Water Misting Cooling Fan Room Humidifier for Office, Dorm, and More (Blue), for the deciding on a purchase.
Portable Size : 9.5×5.7×3.9 – inch , Portable desktop Water Misting fan,small and light ,very easy to pick up and move,perfect stand alone on your office desk,dining table,beside sofa,in your dorm room,next to your lovely pets,or anywhere you’d like to be a little bit cooler.No blades exposed no possibility to hurt people and totally safe for using by kids or pets.
Personal Air Conditioner : Based on the natural water evaporation technology,delivers a stream of cool air where you need it most,lowering the temperature of your personal space by up to 12 degrees;the fan speed can be adjusted among low, medium, high according to your demands,manual up-down to adjust blowing direction in 120 degree ,creat your own personal cooling zone.
Humidification & Cooling Wind : Features large 420ml water tank ,spray cooling mist for 4-6 hours for one tank water,drop your favorite essential oil into water, purify air and keeps your skin moisture,keep away from dry air,enjoy your mist humidify

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.76995
Retrieved Text: Central air conditioner replacement is not a topic that many homeowners think about until their air conditioner breaks down. If you are aware of a few early indicators that a breakdown may be possible in the near future, you can have your air conditioner replaced without dealing with a few days or weeks of uncomfortable temperature in your home. Here are three signs that it may be time to replace your air conditioner.
Severe mechanical failure is rarely a quiet event. As the major components in your air conditioner begin to fail, they are likely to begin making loud noises while the air conditioner is running. In many cases, finding and replacing the specific parts in your air conditioner that are failing would be more expensive than simply replacing the air conditioner. This is especially true if your air conditioner is an old model that is no longer being manufactured.
Serious failures are often noisy, but there are a few minor problems that can make their fair share of noise as well. Knowing how to distinguish the two can help you determine when it is time to call a technician for a professional diagnosis. A failing motor will usually make a loud, low grating or grinding noise. On the other hand, a rattling noise may simply be caused by a loose housing panel that could be fixed by tightening a few screws. Failing belts are inexpensive to replace, and are often characterized by a high-pitched squealing sound.
A healthy central air conditioner should cost use roughly the same amount

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.542435
Retrieved Text: Every September, the weather starts to turn and colder temperatures creep up. As a result, many apartment buildings turn on their heat, leaving you in a sweaty apartment on those late summer days.
Even if you can’t turn on your air conditioner or don’t have a central air conditioning system all together, there are ways to cool your apartment. For those of you who love to lounge around in a colder apartment, sleep in lower temperatures under multiple blankets or just want to remove some heat from the apartment, the following tips are for you.
Sadly, many apartments do not come with central AC or a window unit. Well, window air conditioners (units) are the cheapest and easiest air conditioners to install.
Window units can fit into virtually any window. Some may consider this a professional job, but a majority of the renters and homeowners reading this blog can complete the project on their own.
On the down side, these units can be quite loud and heavy, making it somewhat difficult to install. Additionally, they usually cool one room and one room only. If you have a larger apartment, you’re going to need more than one window unit.
The best way to circle some air around your apartment or house without an air conditioning unit is a ceiling fan. But, you first need some cool air to move around. Otherwise, any ceiling fan will just transport warm air from one area to the other. Open a few windows and then turn on the fan(s) closest to those windows.
If a fan is

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.47811
Retrieved Text: air conditioner room common room air conditioner parts room temperature air conditioner unit.
air conditioner room built in room air conditioners air conditioner room unit.
air conditioner room bedroom air conditioner air conditioner room air conditioner reviews ratings can air conditioner increase room temperature.
air conditioner room server room air conditioning air conditioner room size calculator india.
air conditioner room installation air conditioner room size india.
air conditioner room interactive air conditioner buying guide portable air conditioner room with no windows.
air conditioner room room air conditioners room air conditioner portable unit.
air conditioner room in wall ac unit vertical window ac unit indoor room air conditioners wall ac indoor air conditioner air conditioner room wall ac unit ductless 10 000 btu air conditioner room size.
air conditioner room modern living room with wall mounted ductless unit 10 000 btu air conditioner room size calculator.
air conditioner room bedroom air conditioning installations portable air conditioner room size guide.
air conditioner room popular portable air conditioners for windowless rooms air conditioner room size calculator in hp.
air conditioner room video home sharp 4 in 1 portable room air conditioner portable air conditioner room size guide.
air conditioner room purchasing air conditioners air conditioner room size india.
air conditioner room portable air conditioner in a room air conditioning room size chart.
air conditioner room bedroom with installation air conditioning units room without windows.
air conditioner room air conditioner air conditioner room size india.
air conditioner room individual room air conditioner units.
air conditioner room best portable air conditioner ac for grow room btu air conditioner room size calculator.
air conditioner room a window air conditioner is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.023804
Retrieved Text: Aggreko offers two types of industrial dehumidifier rentals: refrigerated and desiccant.
Refrigerated drying works best with a strong temperature differential, which means that refrigerated dehumidifier rental units are most effective at high ambient temperatures and high humidity. Their effectiveness may be significantly reduced in colder climates.
A refrigerated dehumidifier rental is simply an air conditioner with both hot and cold coils in the same unit. A fan draws the room's air over the cold coils to condense the moisture, then moves the air through the hot coils to heat it to its original temperature. For larger applications, Aggreko has a wide range of air conditioners and heaters to provide the right refrigerated dehumidification package.
Aggreko also offers desiccant dehumidifier rental and refrigerated dehumidifier rental units, which are custom-manufactured with an internal silica-gel wheel. This wheel simultaneously absorbs water vapor in one section of the wheel, while the silicate is being regenerated (dewatered) in another section. When available electrical power is limited, these dehumidifier rental units can be engineered to be regenerated by heating with natural gas, propane, or steam.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.986473
Retrieved Text: Description Friedrich's Uni-fit Cooling Thru The Wall 8000 Btu Air Conditioner Features A Universal Fit For Easy Replacement. Fits Most Major Brand Sleeves. An Environmentally Friendly R-410a Refrigerant Is Used. The Air Conditioner Has Programmable Controls With 12-hour Timer That Lets You Program On/off Times. It Also Features Three Cooling Speeds, Plus Fan Only Setting. And A Six-way Air Flow Control. The Seacoast Protection For Added Durability In Coastal Climates. There Is Even A Slide-out Chassis, Permanent Filter, And Auto Re-start Feature. vs Wa-1200h Mobile Air Conditioner, A Small Sized Appliance, Can Adjust The Temperature And Humidity Of A Room Up To 400 Sq./feet .this Mobile Air Conditioner Provides 12, 000 Btu Cooling & Heating Capability With Whisper Quiet Operation. It Can Be Used In Any Most Average Sized Rooms-bedroom, Lounge, Office Or Small Conservatory.
24 in. vs 15 in.
14.38 in. vs 30 in.
20.13 in. vs 16 in.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.776337
Retrieved Text: Cooling and heating your home uses more energy and drains more energy dollars than any other system in your home. Typically, 44% of your utility bill goes for cooling and heating. No matter what kind of heating, ventilation and air-conditioning system you have in your house, you can save money and increase comfort by properly maintaining and upgrading your equipment. Remember, though, an energy efficient air-conditioner or furnace alone will not have as great an impact on your energy bills as using the whole house approach. By combining proper equipment maintenance and upgrades with appropriate insulation, weatherization and thermostat setting, you can cut your energy bills in half.
It might surprise you to know that buying a bigger air-conditioning unit won't necessarily make you feel more comfortable during the hot summer months. In fact, an air conditioner that's too big for the area it is supposed to cool will perform less efficiently and less effectively than a smaller, properly sized unit. This is because air conditioners work better if they run for relatively long periods of time than if they are continually switching off and on. Longer run times allow air conditioners to maintain a more constant room temperature. Running longer also allows them to remove a larger amount of moisture from the air, which lowers humidity and, more importantly, makes you feel more comfortable.
SEER is the Seasonal Energy Efficiency Rating. The SEER rates the efficiency during the cooling season. Effective January 2006, the new federally mandated minimum SEER rating is 13. This means that manufacturers can

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.635387
Retrieved Text: Fan VFD or Damper for Fan Control? | AirPro Fan & Blower Co.
Industrial fan installation and applications are full of choices, big and small, immediate and long-term. One of the small choices that can make a big difference in the long term is whether to use a Damper or a Variable Frequency Drive (VFD) to control the capacity of your industrial fan. While some may choose both options depending on their applications, many fan users make an “either-or” decision.
In our experience, the VFD is more common, primarily because of the energy savings it can offer. But there are reasons to choose a damper too.
Inlet Vane Damper (VIV) – installed on the inlet of the fan and swirls the air in the same direction as the fan rotation. They are commonly modulated with electric or pneumatic actuators. This is the most efficient damper option. Power consumption can be reduced, though not as much as with a VFD.
Outlet Damper – mounted on the outlet of the fan and simply “throttles” the air leaving the fan. This damper is the least efficient option, as it increases system pressure drop as the air flow decreases.
A VFD is a motor controller that can adjust the motor speed and thereby change the fan speed. This allows the fan user to adjust airflow by either decreasing or increasing the motor’s speed. Back to the car air vent analogy, using a VFD is the equivalent to you reaching over and changing the fan speed on your air conditioner rather than just opening or closing

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.531994
Retrieved Text: Its all-black design won’t be an eyesore.
Cools large rooms with high ceilings (500 square feet). Runs continuously or according to 24-hour programmable timer.
Some customers wish there was a middle ground between the 2 fan settings. Evaluate for damage before using. Some customers reported poor shipping and handling care.
Choose between 3 modes: AC, fan, or dehumidifier. A favorite among West Coasters.
Large coverage area (500 square feet) with 3 fan speeds. Won’t have to empty water tray often.
Window fittings are difficult to install.
Great for mid-size bedroom (125-200 square feet) with the option to increase BTU to 14k at checkout. Heat feature is also optional upgrade.
Simple, all-white design. 3 modes: AC, fan, or dehumidifier.
Some customer reported LED display is too bright if using overnight in bedroom.
An indoor/outdoor air cooler that’s great for garages, screened-in porches, and sundecks.
It’s weather-resistant with 3-sided ventilation. It has an ice compartment for creating a cool, “lakeside-like” breeze.
This air cooler doesn’t work well in humid climates. No automatic shut-off and some indicator level issues reported.
Another swamp cooler that performs best in hot, dry weather with less than 60% humidity.
It’s the least expensive on our list. Our team loved the adjustable breeze-like sound settings: normal, natural, and sleep modes. It’s also energy-efficient.
Programmable timer is limited to 7.5 hours, but it does have an auto shut-off feature.
If you don’t have central air or your local ordinances prohibit window AC units, you may find yourself on the market for a portable air conditioner. We, in hot-and-humid North Carolina, feel your pain. One particularly hot summer day, our team

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.325657
Retrieved Text: and the fan speed in the Auto mode.
the required temperature is displayed.
To control the direction of the air flow, refer to pages 16 and 17.
◆ The air conditioner runs in the Heat mode.
but the fan is still operating.
◆ You can select the Turbo function in the Auto, Cool and Heat mode.
mode, the temperature will fall, resulting in saving energy.
switch the air conditioner off automatically after a period of six hours.
Make sure that you have selected either the Cool or Heat mode.
If the cooling operation is used at over 32°C(indoor temperature), it does not cool at its full capacity.
mode ; in the Dry mode, the fan speed changes automatically.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.304306
Retrieved Text: The Smart AC Control replaces your AC’s remote control and allows you to set a temperature in your home from anywhere.
Two modes of operation are available for control of the air conditioner: thermostatic and non-thermostatic control.
Thermostatic control ensures that the set room temperature is maintained. It is available for both cooling and heating operation of the air conditioner. Thermostatic control constantly monitors the room temperature and adjusts the commands sent to the air conditioner to maintain a constant temperature. The system is switched on when cooling or heating is required and off when the desired temperature is reached.
You can set the acceptance range (hysteresis) for the temperature and thereby the frequency of the air conditioner switching on and off. Currently, only one fan speed is available. It is defined during device setup but can be changed later by re-teaching your remote control’s commands to the Smart AC Control.
If you would like to use more fan speeds or the fan and dry mode of your air conditioner, you can activate non-thermostatic control for your Smart AC Control via the app. You can find this option in the AC configuration section within the respective room settings.
In this operating mode, the Smart AC Control sends the settings to the air conditioner but leaves it to the air conditioner to regulate the room temperature. As there may be deviations between the temperature measured by the air conditioner and the actual room temperature, the air conditioner may exceed the value set by tado°. In this case, tado° does not interfere with

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.300774
Retrieved Text: A portable air conditioner is a self-contained portable system for cooling single room. It is also called small portable indoor air conditioner which combining an air conditioner, dehumidifier, fan and heater all into one; plus, the full-function remote control. These types of air conditioners are commonly used in bedrooms, office, classroom, server room, garage, and many other high-cooling demand settings. With this portable ac unit, you can stay cool all day in your room in this summer. For that reason, we are now collecting the top 10 best air conditioner brands review that will help you choosing the right product to use in your room for this next warmest season of the year.
What are the reasons that you should buy the portable air conditioner to your home?
If you are looking for the product that can either cool or heat your room temperature, the portable air conditioner is the best choice for you. This kind of ac unit can be easily installed by your own. You can move it around anywhere in your house/room with its 4-wheel . As well, saving your electricity with the eco-friendly one. And last but not least, this kind of product will just make a little noise but that’s quite bearable.
Why should you buy the products that listed in this article?
It has always been a tough decision whenever you want to buy any product online. Choosing the best product can be really exhausting you if you are not familiar with the features. Consequently, you have to go to each product detail/description or

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.248013
Retrieved Text: The Costway brand continues to be a top producer of high-end portable air conditioners.
Introducing the Costway 10000 BTU Air Conditioner.
It’s very affordable — perfect for apartments, bedrooms, dorm rooms & home offices.
Room size: 161 – 200 sq. ft.
Many buyers love using it as their bedroom air conditioner because of its easy portability and 4-in-1 functionality.
The Costway air conditioner is available as a 10,000 BTU unit.
It features new functions such as no-drip design, water-full alert (for the dehumidifier) and auto-evaporation.
As you can see it comes on wheels making it very portable around the house.
The dehumidifier includes a full-water alert which notifies you when to empty the water tank — helps avoid leaks.
As an air conditioner, the digital display and remote control are easy-to-use.
You’re able to adjust the room temperature, switch to dehumidifier, or select fan speed.
If using as a bedroom air conditioner, the sleep mode is a nice added feature — this will keep the ac noise below 56 decibels.
When you purchase, the Costway AC arrives 90% preassembled — buyers say it takes 10-15 mins to install.
So far the Costway air conditioner has gotten very positive buyer reviews — last year they had 2 of the best sellers.
The 10,000 BTU unit is very affordable and relatively quiet.
Personally I think the Costway AC is perfect for apartment bedrooms, especially if you live in the city. The dehumidifier is also wonderful if living in a humid city apartment.
The last benefit is Costway’s reputation for producing durable air conditioners — for past models, buyers say they’ve been using it for

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.187744
Retrieved Text: Long regarded as a luxury and reserved for a wealthy class of society, air conditioning today appears much more a necessity than anything else. Its benefits are numerous whether at home, in the office or public places. The strong point of air conditioning is that it has a positive impact on health. Also, air conditioning has many benefits including refreshing the habitat, maintaining and regulating optimal room temperature.
Refreshing is the most common function of the air conditioner. For decades, air conditioning has been used to reduce the temperature of homes during summer heat spikes. This function allowed to work and live in optimal conditions despite the temperature rise in summer. The purpose of reducing the temperature by the air conditioner is made possible using a heat exchanger mechanism.
The air conditioner draws heat from the inside of the room and then drives it outside the house. Thus, the occupants of a house, the employees in a company or a shop find the comfort of work in spite of the ambient heat. The efficiency of the workers is then increased.
The air conditioning permits you to choose the temperature of a room at will. However, best air conditioner brands in India recommend a temperature difference of 5 ° C to 8 ° C between the inside of the house and the outside. For example, for an outside temperature of 35 ° C, the indoor temperature should not be below twenty-seven degrees Celsius. Indeed, a too large difference in temperature may cause a thermal shock when passing from the inside

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.181797
Retrieved Text: Because knowledge is power, look at these diy driftwood. Now, we want to try to share these some galleries for your need, we found these are excellent photographs. Hopefully useful. The information from each image that we get, including set size and resolution. Beachy diy driftwood wreath, Think summer often beach calm waves warm sand today tried capture those feelings fun beautiful diy driftwood inspired wreath step start decorating your wood anchor apply.
You can click the picture to see the large or full size picture. If you think this is a useful collection please click like/share button, so other people can inspired too. Here there are, you can see one of our diy driftwood gallery, there are many picture that you can found, don’t forget to see them too.
Fluorescent lighting - Not solely does fluorescent lighting final longer than incandescent, it does not produce heat. Another idea is planting fast-growing, leafy shrubbery close to windows to keep the heat out. Then subsequent thing that you must do is to spend a Saturday afternoon cleaning out the whole bedroom. Then select which furnishings you wish to replace and which you want to keep. Are inclined to your windows - Awnings over any windows that have numerous solar publicity can save you cash, grunge bedroom and pale furnishings! Consider zone air conditioning - Most people spend their home time in one or two rooms, and it could possibly save you significantly if you elevate the temperature in your central air conditioning unit and use a zone AC product.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.01743
Retrieved Text: Without question, the cost of monthly bills is not set in stone. Saving energy by taking a few conservation measures has reduced my monthly utility bills.
I used a little common sense and then followed it with some research. The first step I took to saving energy and money was to compile a detailed statement of exactly how much money my utility bills were costing me each month. I did this in an attempt to track the progress made with the few conserving methods I used.
The first thing I did was address my cooling bill, since I live in Texas. I bought two fans and one single room air conditioner that I only run in the evening in my bedroom.
Another idea to save on your electrical bill is while the fans (in the living room and kitchen) are on I leave doors and windows completely closed. When cooking I open the windows in the kitchen and make an effort to always turn the fan off.
Also, if the temperature is pleasant then I don't run the room air conditioner in my bedroom at all.
Overall, the steps I have taken above have greatly reduced my electricity bill. On average my bill is $30 dollars less than this time last year. It proves that a little common sense can go a long way to saving energy at home.
Join in and write your own page! It's easy to do. How? Simply click here to return to Home Energy Saving Tips.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.986336
Retrieved Text: Hundreds of new small window air conditioner are released every year. On the one hand, it is good because you have many options to choose from. On the other hand, you have to waste a lot of time to find a really good product. Our top list of the best small window air conditioner will help you to cope with this task much faster.
The list of the best small window air conditioner, available on this page, is based with the help of customer reviews found at the marketplace. Additionally, we compared small window air conditioner with the highest users score to pick the very best models. Considering the above, you can be sure that every small window air conditioner listed below offers a great price/quality ratio.
Wi-fi ready connected room air conditioner with frigidaire smart app for mobile operationwill handle it.
2-speed fan with 2-way direction control.
2-speed fan with 8-way direction control.
Low power start-up, quiet operation and effortless restart. Energy efficiency ratio (eer): 11.1, measures: 16-inches w x 15-1/4-inches d x 12-inches h. Quickly cools a room up to 150 sq. With dehumidification up to 1.1 pints per hour. Mechanical rotary controls.2 cool speeds.2 fan speeds, and 2-way air direction. 5.000 btu mini-compact air conditioner for window-mounted installation uses standard 115v electrical outlet (window mounting kit included).
How did you create this rating list with the best small window air conditioner?
We sincerely wanted to help our readers, so our team spent many hours comparing various small window air conditionerfrom different manufacturers. It was not easy, since we had to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.798847
Retrieved Text: The weather is finally getting warmer and soon you might have to turn over to your air conditioner. Along with scheduling your annual air conditioner service with the pros at B&D Air Conditioning, there are a number of other things you can do to keep comfy and save money this season.
This is where the cost savings can have the chance to come in. If you aren’t raising your thermostat you won’t be saving any money. Raising your thermostat by even a couple degrees, in addition to utilizing your ceiling fan, shouldn’t affect your comfort level that much. For every degree you raise your temperature, you’re decreasing the length of the “on” cycle of your air conditioner.
Ceiling fans have a clockwise and counterclockwise setting to switch according to the season. During the warmer months you’ll want to be sure the air is blowing down. You can stand below the fan to see if you feel a breeze. If you don’t, switch the direction. Ceiling fans do not actually lower the temperature of the air, but they make you feel cooler. It’s the wind chill effect. You’ll feel cooler than the temperature shown on the thermostat.
Treat your ceiling fan like you do lights, turn it off when leaving a room. If no one is in the room to benefit from the wind chill that a fan provides you’re wasting energy by using your fan. Remember, a fan doesn’t actually cool your air, it just moves your air.
Keeping you comfortable and saving you money is important to us at

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.732048
Retrieved Text: Frigidaire's FFRE1533Q1 15,100 BTU 115V Window-Mounted Median Air Conditioner is perfect for cooling a room up to 850 square feet. It quickly cools the room on hot days and quiet operation keeps you cool without keeping you awake. Low power start-up and operation conserves energy and saves you money. Ready-Select electronic controls allow you to set the comfort level to your preference, while a convenient temperature-readout displays the set temperature. Effortless temperature sensing remote control allows you to see, set and maintain room temperature from across the room. The multi-speed fan features three different speeds for more cooling flexibility and the 8-way comfort control design allows you to easily control the direction of the cool air, wherever the unit is mounted. Plus, the clean air ionizer removes pollen and impurities from the air providing relief for allergy sufferers.
Frigidaire 18,000 BTU 230V window-mounted Median air conditioner is perfect for cooling a room up to 1,020 square feet. It quickly cools the room on hot days and quiet operation keeps you cool without keeping you awake. Low power start-up and operation conserves energy and saves you money. Ready-select electronic controls allow you to set the comfort level to your preference, while a convenient temperature-readout displays the set temperature. Effortless temperature sensing remote control allows you to see, set and maintain room temperature from across the room. The multi-speed fan features three different speeds for cooling flexibility and the 8-way comfort control design allows you to easily control the direction of the cool air. Plus, the clean air ionizer

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: Sentence: how to get fluffy cookies

Choice 1: Chill cookie dough before putting it on a baking sheet. This will help prevent your butter from flattening and losing its fluffy texture.

Choice 2: Chill cookie dough before putting it on a parchment line fish platter. This will help prevent your butter from flattening and losing its fluffy texture.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.574614
Retrieved Text: If you love fluffy, soft, dense, gooey cookies, then this Fluffy Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe with toasted pecans and two kinds of chocolate is for you!
Gigantic, fluffy, dense chocolate chip cookies that kiiiiinda of remind you of ridiculously soft and dense scones.
TWO kinds of chocolate in your cookies: dark & semi-sweet <– yes. please. Is that even a real question, Jennifer?
Fun, secret ingredient mix-ins like a dash of cinnamon, a bit of almond extract, and pinch of cornstarch for extra fluffy cookies.
Cookies the size of your face.
If you want something a little smaller, be sure to check out my double chocolate chip cookie recipe, but I seriously think you should stick around to hear more about the awesomeness that is these fluffy cookies.
Fluffy Chocolate Chip Cookies that are the size of your head, fresh outta the oven, with a side of ice cold milk?
Let me say it again: Fluffy Chocolate Chip Cookies.
These Fluffy Chocolate Chip Cookies are magical. These cookies will make a bad day, better, and will make a good day, outta this world amazing.
Seriously. I mean, what’s not to love about a cookie that’s the size of your face?
Ahhh. It makes me happy just thinking about them.
I should mention that they’re a cinch to make as well.
How do I make soft and cakey, thick, fluffy chocolate chip cookies?
As with most cookie recipes, we’re gonna start by creaming some butter.
Usually I like to use melted butter, because I’m too impatient to wait for butter to come to room temperature, plus it makes for a nice

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.519691
Retrieved Text: This is a sponsored conversation written by me on behalf of Crisco®. The opinions and text are all mine.
Chocolate Sugar Cookies are my go-to easy cookie recipe! This Fluffy Sugar Cookie Recipe has a crinkly sugar crust and has added chocolate chunks for ultimate decadence. This Chocolate Sugar Cookie Recipe is a classic, using Crisco, to make them extra fluffy and fool-proof. You haven’t lived until you’ve tried these Chocolate Sugar Cookies!
Chocolate Sugar Cookies are the ultimate sugar cookie recipe!
These Chocolate Sugar Cookies have me dreaming of the holidays. I know it’s not yet Thanksgiving, but I already have CHRISTMAS COOKIES on the brain! I have a favorite Sugar Cookie Recipe that we have used time and time again, but this Double Chocolate version has quickly become a favorite. Chocolate fan for life!
There’s just never enough time to eat all the sweet treats during the holiday season, and for a food blogger and major foodie there is no better time of year. I feel like I’ve conquered many things in the kitchen, but baking still seems a little bit scary from time to time.
I love learning new tricks to make it a breeze and create delicious recipes that people crave time and time again.
These incredible DOUBLE CHOCOLATE SUGAR COOKIES are my new obsession and I may or may not be making them every week up until Christmas (and most likely even in January. My New Year’s Resolutions don’t stand a chance!).
The key to making these amazing Double Chocolate Sugar Cookies oh so light and fluffy is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.18933
Retrieved Text: Better than pumpkin bread! These gluten-free pumpkin cookies are super moist, yet light and fluffy. Everything you love about pumpkin bead wrapped up in a cookie. An easy gluten-free cookie recipe your whole family will love.
Original recipe published October 2017, photos and post updated September 2018.
I love pumpkin bread, but I love these gluten-free pumpkin bread cookies even more!
These bite-sized gluten-free cookies are moist, fluffy, lightly spiced and drizzled with a vanilla maple glaze. You will be surprised at how easy this recipe for gluten-free pumpkin bread cookies really is.
The first thing you are going to want to do is to add the baking soda to canned pumpkin, stir to combine and set aside. The key to this recipe is the chemical reactions between the pumpkin and baking soda. Allowing the pumpkin and baking soda to sit for at least 2 minutes before adding it to the rest of your ingredients is key to what makes these gluten-free cookies so light and fluffy.
After the cookies have cooled, store them in an air-tight container.
Always bake with ingredients that are at room temperature. I always use room temperature eggs. Cold ingredients do not mix as well with room-temperature ingredients (like flour). This can cause the cookies not to be as fluffy and light.
For uniformed sized cookies, I always use a cookie scoop. It makes it nice and easy to get the perfect amount. I also like to use parchment paper to line my baking pans.
I have also included a dairy-free option to my gluten-free pumpkin bread cookies recipe.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.168043
Retrieved Text: Everyone loves chocolate and there are so many desserts in which you can get creative with it. How about you try some chocolate cookies? First you should collect all the ingredients you need so they will be in easy reach when you start cooking. Mix the flour with cocoa powder and strain them so you can get a fluffy texture for your cookies. For the prepping part you should beat some eggs and cut the chocolate in tiny pieces. Then you have to mix the butter, cocoa, beaten eggs, the flour mixture and vanilla essence. Take the dough in small pieces and roll them in your hands until you get some chocolate balls, which you can make flat with your palm. Put the cookies in the oven until they bake and then decorate them with colorful candy and serve them with a hot beverage. Good luck!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.611298
Retrieved Text: Homepage / christmas / Gingerbread Sandwich Cookies.
Every year I bake gingerbread and I have finally, finally found a recipe that I am in love with.
I love the smell of baking gingerbread. It’s like Christmas Eve and tree-trimming and the North Pole and cinnamon-sugar and watching White Christmas in front of a fireplace and magic all at once. Yes, all that.
I like my cookies soft and plump, as close to the consistency of cookie dough or cake as possible, and most gingerbread recipes I’ve tried come out crisp and thin. Even my gingersnaps.
These are perfect and delicious. The solution? I’m not sure. Maybe the frosting.
I love everything about these cookies. The mini M&Ms, the sugary green frosting, the cute Christmas tree shapes… and how pillowy soft they are. Not too soft to make frosting impossible, but no usual gingerbready crunch when you bite into them. Sigh. Perfection.
In a large bowl, cream butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg and molasses. Combine the flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking soda, ginger, and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture and mix well. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours or until easy to handle.
On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to 1/8-inch thickness.
Cut with a floured 3-inch tree-shaped cookie cutter. Place 2-inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. Gently press mini M&Ms into half of the cookies.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until edges are firm. Remove to wire racks to cool completely.
When cool, make frosting and tint green if desired. Spread over the bottoms of plain cookies;

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.558477
Retrieved Text: Clayton helping roll and cut out the cookies!
but I managed to get a few during "this bonding in the kitchen moment".
Clayton and Marshall, frosting and ignoring the camera.
I somehow managed to get all three of them to pose with smiles and all.
And, they have their Aprons on!
Didn't they do a great job??
And, if you are wondering where is the recipe. Well it's right below.
I hope you enjoy them as much as we all did. They don't last long around my household.
Combine sugar, butter and shortening in large bowl. Beat at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended. Add eggs, corn syrup and almond extract. Beat until well blended and fluffy.
Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Mix until all blended.
Divide dough into 4 balls. Wrap each ball into plastic wrap and place into fridge for at least 1 hour. Keep refrigerated until ready to use.
Sprinkle some flour onto a flat surface, place one ball of dough on the floured surface. Roll out dough (with rolling pin) to about 1/4 thickness. Cut out cookies using your favorite cookie cutters and then place on an ungreased baking sheet. Repeat with remaining dough.
Bake one baking sheet at a time at 375 degrees for 5 to 9 minutes, depending on size of cookie.
Do not over bake. Cool for at least a minute or two before moving to a wire rack to cool.
Once cooled, frost and decorate.
In a large bowl, combine all ingredients, except food coloring.
Mix until well combined and fluffy.
Add in food color of your choice.
Dear Amy,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.373714
Retrieved Text: The very best soft, Unforgettable Sugar Cookies with Almond Buttercream Frosting!
Everybody needs these Unforgettable Sugar Cookies in their life! Like, now. These are my go-to sugar cookies for every holiday or anytime we’re just craving sugar cookies! A co-worker of mine, Sher, shared the recipe with me years ago and I’ve been making them ever since.
We whipped some up this afternoon for Valentine’s Day tomorrow! It wouldn’t be Valentine’s Day without melt-in-your-mouth sugar cookies, right?
The secrets to any good sugar cookie in my book are #1. always under-baking them and #2. always, always using almond extract (in the cookie and the frosting). That’s what make these so. dang. good.
This recipe makes about 12-14 cookies depending on how big you make them. So if you like, big, thick sugar cookies and want to make for a crowd or to share with friends and neighbors, I’d double the recipe!
Now….who wants to bet we have Valentine babies to go with these Valentine cookies tomorrow??!!!
Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs one at a time. In a separate bowl combine flour, baking soda, and cream of tartar. Beat flour mixture into wet mixture. Add flavorings last. Roll out dough 1/4 inch thick and cut out desired shapes. Place cookies on cookie sheets lined with parchment (do not use cooking spray). Bake 9-12 minutes. DO NOT OVERBAKE. Makes 5-7 dozen depending on size of cookies.
Cream butter together until fluffy. Alternately beat in powdered sugar and milk. Beat in vanilla and almond extracts and beat for several minutes until smooth and fluffy. Add

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.153875
Retrieved Text: Sweet Tips Fluffy Silky Chocolate Chip Pillow Cookies - Download From YouTube For Free. Semalt.
1242050 results for "sweet tips fluffy silky chocolate chip pillow cookies"

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.14675
Retrieved Text: Delicious Coconut Almond cookies are perfect for snacks and kids will love them asking for more!
Baking was on my mind for some days and its been almost 3 months that I have baked anything I guess!
I used to love the coconut cookies which we got in a nearby bakery but for some reasons I was not able to get them.There was a mismatch in my timings and bakery timings.It happened twice that I went to the store to buy cookies and some other goodies and it was closed. Finally I made up my mind that no matter what I will make my favorite cookies again.
I usually have so many things on my hands for the day that fitting everything in a day's time is just impossible.
I started my day yesterday,thinking that I will bake these cookies by morning so that I will get plenty of time to finish rest of my work but as usual these cookies took the least priority and I ended baking them by late afternoon.
But I am still happy as out of all the obstacles(yes! I call them obstacles as when you plan for things and nothing happens as per your schedule,and that too EVER! ,then it's an obstacle) finally I could finally bake these goodies and they were absolutely delish!
Here's what you can do to get these cookies right: just mix all the ingredients ( sieve the dough once) and with light hands make a soft dough. Here when I say dough this is not a bread dough.Just use a spoon

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.116972
Retrieved Text: Are you ready for some too-cute goodness? Get ready for our most pin-worthy bunny treats.
Leading the pack? These adorable cupcakes.
Roll freshly iced cupcakes in coconut flakes for the fluffy bunny look, then decorate with marshmallows and color-appropriate candies. This is a great craft for the kids, especially if your Easter week is a little cooler than expected!
Store-bought cupcakes get a lift from too-cute bunny cookies. These sweet treats are perfect for a kid-friendly Easter dinner or a classroom delivery for a spring birthday.
Five ingredients are all you need to make these must-have cookies. Break out your favorite royal icing recipe to decorate them in seasonal colors.
Remember how annoying that pesky Easter grass is to clean up from the Easter baskets? No more! Coconut gets a lime-hued makeover for a perfect grass look-alike decoration on this easy cupcake recipe. Starting with store-bought cupcakes leaves you more time to get creative with your decorations.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.108854
Retrieved Text: Working a few cookies at a time, go back and fill in the outline with the same icing. Use a toothpick to guide into spaces and edges. Let the icing set for at least 1 hour.... 31/01/2014 · Learn how to make minion cookies with royal icing for Valentine's Day! 14% off all custom designs at Zazzle with code SWEETAMBSZZL through February 14th!
Card Making & Stationery Minion Cookies 12, Minion Favors, Minion Birthday Treats MyKiddosCookies 5 out of 5 stars (66) $ 40 Add to See similar items + More like this . Mini Minions sugar cookies, Sugar cookies, Favorite bags for Minions party , Favorite bags YumBakery $ 4.00. Favorite Add to See similar items how to make ender portal 2018 Learn how to make an army of minion cookies for the premiere of the new movie. Groot Cupcakes Become a Baking Rockstar!
Try to keep the ends rounded and the sides flat, so that your cookies really look like Minions. Place the parchment wrapped dough into the freezer until it’s firm, about 20 minutes. You could also put the wrapped dough into a plastic bag at this point and freeze for up to 3 months.
How to make fun homemade minion cookies for your kids. Gather all your ingredients and materials to make the cookies. Add three cups of flour, then add 1-1/2 teas of baking powder to the flour, than add 1/2 teas of salt to the flour. Than add 1 cup of sugar.
You searched for: minion cookies! Etsy is the home to thousands of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.084806
Retrieved Text: I would have learned how to make Whoopie Pies if I had known what they were. Chocolate cakes filled with fluffy cream; sounds delicious! I do believe some version of this famous snack was sold years ago at Stuckey’s. Many of you probably do not even know about Stuckey’s. Anytime people traveled they always looked for a Stuckey’s. It was a popular “pit stop” for rest room breaks and refreshments for all travelers. Stuckey’s originated in the early 1900’s, about the same time Whoopie pies came on the scene. Stuckey’s were more famous for their candy pecan logs and salt water taffy.
After I learned how to make Whoopie Pies, I kind of relate them to the Moon Pies and the much smaller (And different flavor) Little Debbie Snack Cake. If you have ever had Suzi Q’s from Hostess, this is what The Whoopie Pie really taste like but round instead of the long shape. Moon Pies can be purchased at Cracker Barrel Old Time Stores, a more modern version of Stuckey’s. I really do not know of any place where you can purchase Whoopie Pies outside of some private bakeries and maybe a few bakeries in grocery stores. It is easy to learn how to make Whoopie Pies; easier than looking for them to purchase.
Many people and different areas of the United States claim the fame for first knowing how to make Whoopie Pies. I always thought it was the German immigrants coming into Pennsylvania, perhaps the Amish who brought in this idea. People from Virginia

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.044529
Retrieved Text: These cookies are soft, fluffy and perfectly sweet. They're just as good as the traditional ones, except free from grains, dairy, soy and refined sugar.
I’m not going to lie, the first batch of these sugar cookies turned out pretty terribly. I’ve never been particularly good at art and so when the time came to make these cookies look a cute little shape with a pretty design for the blog, I failed miserably.
However, I’ve altered this recipe slightly to make it a little more foolproof. The second batch turned out a billion times better than the first, and in fact, I'm pretty excited about my sugar cookie decorating skills. I’d even go as far to say I feel very comfortable putting some in a fancy box and gifting them to my neighbor for a Christmas present.
I feel like sugar cookies should be soft, fluffy and perfectly sweet. This recipe produces cookies that are just that. They are as good as the traditional ones, except are free from grains, dairy, soy and refined sugar.
Oh, and if you have little ones, try making these with them! The recipe is simple and it’s actually lots of fun to spend the morning decorating these as a family (it’s messy too FYI).
In a large bowl or food processor, mix the almond meal and arrowroot flour until combined. Add in the rest of the ingredients and stir well until a sticky dough is formed.
Freeze the dough for 30 minutes.
Remove the dough from the freezer and roll it onto parchment paper or a floured

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.949705
Retrieved Text: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F and line baking sheets with silicone baking mats or parchment. In an electric mixer or food processor, mix together flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, salt and sugar. Pulsing, mix in butter. Once the butter is mixed in, add the egg and mix. Continue mixing until the dough comes together.
Scoop teaspoon-sized balls out of the batter and roll into circles. Place on baking sheets and press down slightly to flatten. Bake at 375 degrees F for 8-9 minutes, rotating halfway through. Allow cookies to cool on baking sheets.
Beat butter and coconut oil together until fluffy. Slowly beat in sugar, 1/2 cup at a time. Mix in vanilla. Beat frosting until light and fluffy. Place the frosting in a pastry bag.
Once the cookies are cool, pipe frosting into the center and top with a second cookie. Press to seal and move frosting to outer edges of the cookie.
Makes approximately 25 chocolate sandwich cookies.
Hi, Thanks for this recipe. Any ideas on how to make it into a golden Oreo cookie to use as a crust for banana cream pie?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.920504
Retrieved Text: I’ve finally done it! I’ve FINALLY found a sugar cookie recipe that actually tastes good and holds its shape! I still haven’t found one that makes me like decorating them but there’s hope (maybe) for future years. I usually default to making extra-yummy-tasting ones but then they turn into blobs when I bake them, no matter how much chilling. (You can find those previous recipes here and here). I’ve tried recipes that hold their shape beautifully but taste like cardboard. No one wants that either.
But this year, I’ve finally found it. Hallelujah. And suffered my way through one batch, only to have them all get eaten last week.
Saurus: Mama!! We’re out of cookies!
Me: How are we out of cookies?? There were 4 dozen!
Me: Ugh. You know I hate making sugar cookies.
Saurus: My brother keeps ruining the cookies!
Me: I’m sorry, honey. He wants to do the cookies too and be just like you. I’ll help him learn to understand rules and obey but you be a good example for him to follow, okay?
Saurus: Okay. I’ll try. I love my brother, even when his cute little chubby hands ruin everything.
Little Fox: eats a handful of dough right from the middle. Gah!! BABABABABA!!!
And then we were going to decorate them that night. Because I’m an awesome mom and love creating “fun” activities for my children that result in screaming, tears, and early bedtimes for sugared-up children.
Little fox had a meltdown when he couldn’t have ALL of the frostings and sprinkles to create maximum damage. So he went to bed.
Saurus

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.905285
Retrieved Text: These peanut butter puff cookies have always been a favorite of mine! My mom made them when I was growing up and they have the best flavor and texture. My son loves macarons, so when we last made these cookies we came up with the idea to make them into sandwich cookies, very similar to macarons! They are similar because to make them you use egg whites for a fluffy and chewy inside and crunchy outside consistency. Like macarons, they have a nut component, although in this case it is peanut butter instead of almond flour! These cookies are actually made without any flour, so they are a great gluten free dessert!
To start, beat the egg white with a dash of salt until soft peaks form. Then, you’ll slowly add the other ingredients in to make the cookie dough.
Scoop the dough into a piping bag (or plastic baggy with the corner cut off, like me!) and squeeze a dollop onto a macaroon sheet. I did mine to just the outside of the smaller circle, and they spread when they cooked to just the right size!
As you can see, sometimes peaks do form. I just took my finger and gently folded them down to the side. If the peaks remain after they’re baked, you can just flick them off! This recipe makes about 24-26 cookies, so you’ll get 12-13 macaroons after they’re assembled.
For the filling we simply used melted milk chocolate chips in the microwave. Stir it until smooth and then add a little to half the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.805614
Retrieved Text: I've shared a few cake mix cookie recipes over the past few weeks. We made Snickerdoodles and White Chocolate Chip Nutella Cake Mix Cookies. Today I am sharing a Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cake Mix cookies. Like the other cake mix cookies, these peanut butter chocolate chip cookies are super duper easy to make. These might be my favorite, or I could just be saying that because they are the last cookies I had. Either way, they were delicious. They are moist, light and fluffy. I can't say how well they keep because they didn't last long. I took them to work and they were gone in a flash!
In a large bowl, mix together the cake mix, peanut butter, egg, butter, water, vanilla and with a hand-held electric mixer. Fold in the chocolate chips.
Using a medium cookie scoop, drop cookies onto parchment lined cookie sheets.
Ya know what? These look pretty darn good. I have been thinking about peanut butter cookies a lot lately, but I had never though to make a cake mix version of them. What a great idea!
Those look so YUMMY! I made the skillet lasagna last night for dinner, thanks for the recipe:) Have a blessed day, HUGS!
Cake mixes make it so much easier!
Woo hoo! Glad you liked them!
I would just loooooove to know if your coworkers realize how lucky they are to have you.
Made these for a football party at my house this weekend. Really good recipe. I think a lot of PB cookies get hard too quickly and these stay nice

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.775703
Retrieved Text: Nothing says “party” like confetti cake! Now you can put a fun spin on this classic and learn how to make these delicious confetti cake cookies in just a few steps. Simply prepare your favorite boxed white cake mix, add a few colorful sprinkles or jimmies and you’ve got a full-blown party in every cookie. You can also customize your icing with your favorite sports team’s colors or match any holiday celebration, then add a few more sprinkles on top to double the fun.
Preheat oven to 325°F. Prepare cookie slider with parchment paper.
In large bowl, stir together cake mix, eggs, butter, and 2 tablespoons jimmies until just combined. Drop by heaping tablespoons onto prepared cookie slider. Freeze for 15 minutes. Roll into balls. Space 2 in. apart on prepared cookie slider.
Bake 16-18 minutes or until centers of cookies are semi-firm to the touch. Cool cookies on pan on cooling grid 2 minutes. Remove from pan to cooling grid; cool completely.
For icing, in large bowl, beat shortening and butter with electric mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in vanilla. Gradually add sugar, one cup at a time, beating well on medium speed. Scrape sides and bottom of bowl often. When all sugar has been mixed in, icing will appear dry. Slowly add milk and Wilton Color Right Base Color; beat at medium speed until light and fluffy.
Pipe or spread icing on cookies. Sprinkle remaining jimmies.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.72937
Retrieved Text: This week we started adding fall menu items at the bakery and most of my time is now spent squealing in excitement about things like pumpkin cake or going on and on about how much I love apples to anyone who will listen. Of course, the weather has been in the 90s which seems like cruelest joke to ever be played but thank goodness for the fact that most people don't seem to mind and will still go nuts over pumpkin everything and autumn leaf sprinkles becuase I have now started and I can. not. stop. So naturally, the fall baking madness had to carry over into my kitchen at home. I made Milk Bar's apple pie cake today (which I will post later on) which is full of sauteed apples and pie crumb frosting (!!!). But first, I made these oatmeal cookies filled with all good things and sandwiched together with brown butter buttercream. I told you, there's no stopping these fall flavors.
The oatmeal cookies are made with maple syrup which makes them perfectly soft and also spot-on flavorwise. They then get packed with dried cranberries (you could also use dried cherries), pumpkin seeds, toasted coconut and chocolate chunks. This was obviously way too many words to put in the name, so I settled for calling them Harvest Cookies. In the theme of throwing in everything under the sun, feel free to add in any other mix-ins you love. If you do what I did and just casually stroll past (actually more like plant myself

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.70606
Retrieved Text: Ridiculously fudgy, decadent and delicious, these chocolate brownie cookies are not only some of the best cookies out there, they are also incredibly easy to make! This recipe makes gluten free brownie cookies that have a shiny, crackly – and slightly crunchy – crust, and a wonderfully fudgy interior.
Whoever thought to put cookies and brownies together into this glorious, decadent chocolate-overload of a dessert is a genius and I am forever grateful. I’m not kidding, chocolate brownie cookies are quite certainly every chocolate lover’s fantasy come true, and I can’t get enough.
Last week, we talked about raspberry stuffed brownie cookies (because they are mind-blowing and I couldn’t wait to tell you all about them – and I’m just a horribly impatient person… and you’re welcome) so now we’re going back to basics.
But for now… fudgy chocolate brownie cookies. Gluten free, because that’s just how we roll. No cookie-stuffing involved.
It all starts, unsurprisingly with chocolate. And butter. You know it’s gonna be good. We’ll melt them together in a bain-marie (over a pot of simmering water in non-fancy speak) until luscious and terribly tempting.
In the mean time, we’ll do some wonderful egg+sugar magic. You know how you can whip egg whites with sugar to get pretty fluffy meringue? You can do the same with whole eggs. The peaks won’t be as stiff, but the mixture will greatly increase in volume and get all airy and nice.
Then, we’ll fold the melted chocolate into the fluffy eggs… and marvel at the sweet sweet art we’re creating.
After that, all that’s

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.669268
Retrieved Text: If you like chocolate oranges, the kind you get during the holidays, and crave them the whole year, problem solved. These not-too-sweet..
These cookies are so devilishly tempting. There is really special and epic when dark chocolate and orange come together, especially when you..
Heavenly combo flavor of orange and cranberry cookies is irresistible. Soft & Fluffy, Chewy sweet cookies studded with tart bits of candied..
A classic biscotti that everyone can enjoy. Chock full of candied orange and chocolate, and with a great crunch, you won’t miss..

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.543331
Retrieved Text: These Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies are a family favorite! They’re soft and chewy and never fluffy! Loaded with chocolate chips and peanut butter chips, they are sure to please the Reese’s peanut butter cups lovers in your house! Includes step by step recipe video!
Peanut butter and chocolate?!? If you ask anyone in this house, it just doesn’t get better.
And since cookies are right up there at the top on my list of favorite treats, these Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies were bound to happen.
I know I’ve mentioned it before, but my Mom makes some serious cookies.
Growing up, my Mom was known for her freezer stash of cookies. We could usually find my Mom’s Chocolate Chip Cookies, Mom’s Double Chocolate Chip Cookies, Oatmeal Raisin cookies, and Peanut Butter Oatmeal Chocolate Chip cookies in abundance down there.
She stuck with the same recipe for years, and years, and years. Because they are perfect. So I figured why not start there when dreaming up these Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies?
I took my mom’s Chocolate Chip Cookies, and swapped out some of the peanut butter for butter. I also added in some peanut butter chips because more is always better, I figured.
I really wanted a soft and chewy cookie that was not hard and crumbly like the traditional peanut butter cookie, and that is what these are. They are not fluffy, but they are soft and melt right in your mouth.
Guys, these are amazing. I think I might even prefer them over the classic, because there is nothing that goes

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.541748
Retrieved Text: These trail mix cookies have everything in them and are crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside. THE BEST. Heres a little story of how these cookies arrived this fall into my cozy little kitchen, I swear its interesting. Well, maybe notbut like, these cookies are awesome so you should get to the recipe.
When cookies are lying around the house I tend to find crumbs in my hair, sheets and in between couch cushions. I live with someone who inhales cookies the minute he sees them and no, he is not blue and googely eyed (at least not around me!) he is my boyfriend. And he likes cookies alot!
Since I prefer to not wake up with chocolate chips melted to my cheeks, I dont like to have fresh baked cookies in the house unless I have someone to bring them to.
And thats how these cookies came to be. I need to feed my nephew but he is currently living somewhere warm and toasty and unfortunately unreachable my sisters uterus. Therefore, I made these cookies for her to eat, which is kinda like him eating it too. Im strange, but Ive accepted it.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees celcius and line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar until fluffy. Then beat in egg and vanilla until incorporated.
In a separate bowl, mix together the dry ingredients; oats, flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, coconut and add ins.
Stir the dry ingredients into the butter mixture in 4 additions until

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.517693
Retrieved Text: These Gingerbread Cookie Cups with Pumpkin Cheesecake Filling are the perfect addition to any holiday baking tray. Soft and delicious gingerbread cookies filled with fluffy pumpkin cheesecake filling and topped with caramel sauce – these are the BEST holiday dessert around! Watch the VIDEO below to see how I make them, and don’t forget to scroll down to the end of this blog post for the FULL PRINTABLE RECIPE!
Raise your hand if you’ve already started your Christmas baking!! It’s already the first week of December and I have to admit, I haven’t really started baking yet (insert sad-face emoji here). Truthfully, it’s more about how much freezer space I have than anything else…and no one wants stale Christmas cookies, am I right? One of my goals for 2018 is to get another freezer so I can freeze fresh berries and other fruits and vegetables for the winter and make all kinds of baked goods ahead of time for the holidays, like I used to be able to do! We’ve lived with a tiny freezer for almost two years now and it’s about time to expand our freezer space!
But enough of my freezer woes and on to Christmas cookies!! Aside from the typical Christmas shortbread, chocolate crinkle cookies, and Caramel Chocolate Shortbread Bars I make every single year, sometimes I like to make Christmas cookies that are just a little bit extra special. These Gingerbread Cookie Cups with Pumpkin Cheesecake Filling are truly all that and more – they take Christmas cookies to a whole new level!
These

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.446999
Retrieved Text: I’ve tried a lot of different meals for breakfast since going mostly grain free. This almond butter cookies recipe is one of my absolute favorites. And you wouldn’t believe how simple it is. The recipe requires only TWO INGREDIENTS. What?? All you need is an egg and half a cup of nut butter. I add a couple drops of cinnamon (vitality) essential oil to mine just for an extra kick, but that’s totally optional. You can mix these almond butter cookies up in about two minutes and they bake in just five. So breakfast is ready in less than 10. And since there’s no sugar added, these cookies are straight up protein: egg and almond butter. Win. These breakfast cookies are paleo, grain free, gluten free, dairy free—oh, and bonus—they make a yummy dessert, too.
Mix ingredients together in a bowl. Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.
Prepare a cookie sheet with parchment paper and drop mixture onto the sheet by the heaping teaspoonful.
If you want fancy fork marks, freeze the batter on the sheet for about 1 hour. When you get the unbaked cookies out of the freezer, preheat your oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.
Lightly press cookies down with a fork (crosshatching the fork marks on top to make a checkerboard pattern).
Bake at 350 degrees Fahrenheit for 5-10 minutes. Let cool and serve.
It’s hard to believe how quickly these can be made. Seriously. Cookies/breakfast in less than 10 minutes? Win. The texture, according to Mr. Meaty, is a little “weird” when you are thinking of standard cookies.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.392937
Retrieved Text: There's nothing I love more than chocolate. I would eat chocolate 50 times a day if the evidence didn't later show up on the scale. I can't get enough of chocolate though!
Downtown Cookie Company, a local NYC bakery was established in 2008 by Dan Guerrera. Guerrera tried to replicate the cookies his mother made when he was a child, and couldn't find anything similiar anywhere. He started experimenting in the kitchen and finally found the recipe that tasted right to him. His cookies are baked from scratch without any preservatives or additives. They contain nuts, gluten and dairy because he uses butter, sugar, flour, peanut butter, chocolate and other natural ingredients."
I had a bite of each cookie. The cookies are melt in your mouth delicious. They are dense and thick, but also soft and fluffy, just like how a cookie should be. They are packed full of flavor and you can really taste the distinct flavor of the oatmeal, the chocolate, the raisins, and the peanut butter in each cookie. My favorite had to be the Oatmeal Chocolate Chip. Oatmeal and chocolate go together so well, they are a perfect combination. There was an equal amount of oatmeal to luscious chocolate. It's going to be hard to control myself from not eating all of these cookies :) I'll be sad when they are gone though!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.271885
Retrieved Text: Whoopie pies—chocolate cake-like cookies with a cream filling— Add red and pink sprinkles for a fun treat for your Valentine.
Traditional Whoopie Pie recipe (From Taste of Home).
In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs and vanilla; mix well. Combine the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt; add to creamed mixture alternately with water and buttermilk, beating well after each addition.
Drop by teaspoons 2 in. apart onto greased baking sheets. Bake at 375° for 5-7 minutes or until set. Remove to wire racks to cool completely.
In a small bowl, beat filling ingredients until fluffy. Spread on the bottoms of half of the cookies; top with remaining cookies. Yield: 1-1/2 dozen.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.267262
Retrieved Text: There’s nothing more christmasy then making giant marshmallow pistachio chocolate cookies! The smell of cookies wafting around the kitchen is so comforting! When I first made some cookies back in 2012, I was disappointed that the cookies were not ‘glued together’ like a a non gluten free cookie. I have tried and tested a few ready made cookie dough mixtures such as Angels and Cookies dough, but still get a little bit of a crumble here and there, so do not fret! Sometimes that’s the way the cookie crumbles.
I decided to make gluten free and dairy free cookies. My first idea was to shape them into gingerbread people, but that wouldn’t have worked, so I settled on making giant cookies instead! I added pistachio nuts to a few of them, but you could add other dried ingredients if you are allergic to nuts or don’t want to use them. I added some gluten and dairy free chocolate chunks which I broke (bashed) into pieces, but you can buy already made dairy free chocolate chips.
I seem to find cookie making rather tricky due to the crumbliness of things, and I tend to make a huge mess in the kitchen, but I still enjoyed these cookies with a nice cup of tea. They were completely weird in shape, but soft and squishy, which is just how I like them!
Melt the 100g of chocolate in a heatproof bowl and leave to cool.
Mix the butter and caster sugar with an electric whisk until light and fluffy. Add in the beaten

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.256079
Retrieved Text: Get a jump on summer with Kir’s Tart Class! Learn how to make her butter, crispy, crumbly tart crust and a few creative fillings just screaming to be topped with the best of Oregon’s summertime fruit!
This month, we'll cover the ins and outs of French macarons. Not to be confused with the coconut filled, American macaroon, these naturally gluten free cookies are light, airy, but can be oh so tricky! We'll teach you all the tricks to a successful macaron, and create several different interesting flavor combos.
Come celebrate all things Strawberry with pastry chefs, Kir Jensen and Nora Mace!
Learn how to make the most amazing Lemon Meringue Pie with dessert wizard, Kir Jensen!
Plant Based Cookies with Brown Sugar Cookie Company!
Learn the alchemy of plant based cookie making! Turn your favorite fruits, into your favorite cookies! Join Chef Sakile Mitchell of Brown Sugar Cookie Company & Catering to learn about the basics of how to make your own plant based cookies!
Learn how to make a killer pie with Kir Jensen! We’ll cover honey pie and honeycrisp apple crostata.
Join artist, ... and pastry chef, Meredith as they guide you through ingredients, tools, subject selection, painting techniques, and ultimately, cookie creation.
Join pastry chef and owner, Meredith Mortensen, for an evening of sugary goodness. This month, we'll tackle fluffy marshmallows. The perfect vehicle for a myriad of flavors, you'll be able to put your creative side to the test! You'll learn the right equipment to use, a basic recipe or two to use as a base, lots of options for

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.184864
Retrieved Text: Before you get baking, I want to add a note on the nutmeg. I used fresh ground nutmeg, but, of course, you can always use the already ground stuff. We typically use the already ground stuff, but, while shopping in Gatlinburg, our cousin bought Ashley and I a little bag of whole nutmeg for our birthday (Thank You! 🙂 ). Whichever one you have in your house will work!
Cream the granulated sugar, brown sugar, and butter until light and fluffy.
Add the egg, molasses, and vanilla. Mix until well combined.
Add the raisins and mix until just combined.
Don’t forget to take a peek at my video on how to make these cookies before you go!
Have questions, or comments? Let me know in the comments below, via email (twinbakers96@gmail.com), on instagram (@unchartedbakers), or on Facebook (@unchartedbakers).
These sound delicious – I’ve made raisin cookies before, but not tried oatmeal as well. I think I fall into the raisin-lover camp, I chuck them into carrot cake, fridgecake and all sorts of other things too… plus, it makes things a tiny bit healthier!

================



======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How to brine a turkey before cooking?

Choice 1: Boil water with spices and any adjuncts you'd like, bring the water to a cool temperature and then submerge the turkey for several hours in the cold brine

Choice 2: Boil water with spices and any adjuncts you'd like, bring the water to a boiling temperature and then submerge the turkey for several hours in the hot brine

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.012848
Retrieved Text: Everyone gets so freaked out about their Thanksgiving turkey. Fresh or frozen? How many pounds? To brine or not to brine? How long to cook? Stuff it or not? How often should it be basted?
Stop, take a deep breath. I’ve got you covered.
Think of your turkey as just a big chicken. Roasting a chicken is easy and this will be too. Promise!
Ok, question 1, fresh or frozen? I prefer fresh simply because it takes out the step of thawing (yes, taste is better, but a frozen bird will taste great too). Make sure to call up your butcher or grocery store and reserve your fresh turkey now. If you’re going frozen, go ahead and purchase it (provided you have enough room in your freezer). Count on ½ pound turkey per person.
Tip: I think once you get past 16 pounds, you’re better off doing a whole turkey plus a turkey breast. When the bird is much larger than that, it takes too long to cook and can be a bit uneven. I cook the breast the day before and reheat it with chicken stock to prevent it from drying out.
For a 12 to 16 pound turkey, you will need to allow 3 to 4 days to thaw in the refrigerator. Your turkey should be completely thawed by Tuesday or Wednesday to allow time to dry brine before roasting.
Which brings us to brining… I am not a fan of a wet brine. I think it’s messy and just adds an unnecessary element of stress. I do like a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.967358
Retrieved Text: There are several key steps to producing a great tasting, moist turkey with flavorful gravy. These steps will also answer the email I received from Dan inquiring about cooking his Thanksgiving turkey ahead of time and still have moist turkey meat and the dramatic presentation.
brining- brining is soaking your bird in a salt, sugar and spice solution the day before you are planning on cooking it. Brining creates a very moist turkey. Brining is great for fresh, natural and minimally processed turkeys. DON’T brine a self-basting turkey or one that has a sodium solution injected into the meat already. You can roast, grill or deep fry a brined turkey. Brine a 14-16 pound turkey for 6 hours. Make sure your brine is cold before putting the turkey in the liquid. Brine only in plastic or stainless steel. Rinse the turkey thoroughly before cooking.
lightly stuff the turkey cavity and tail end so that the stuffing will be thoroughly cooked through when the turkey is done. Remember that you can make the stuffing ahead of time but don’t stuff the turkey until you are ready to cook it.
set your turkey on a platter and cover with foil and let rest 20-30 minutes out of the oven before carving to allow the juices to settle back into the meat. This is one of the most critical steps in roasting any kind of meat because the turkey or roast will continue to cook for another 10-20 minutes outside the oven, which means the internal temperature will continue to rise during

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.995216
Retrieved Text: Grilled Turkey recipe? Yep! And not just any turkey, it's bacon-wrapped grilled turkey breasts.
This poor bird has an unfair reputation for being dry. It's only dry if it's not cooked properly.
While I always recommend using a flavored salt brine (click here to learn how to brine a turkey) it's not absolutely necessary with this recipe.
Because we're wrapping the entire breasts with bacon they're self-basting as they cook.
Just be sure to remove the grilled turkey when the internal temperature reaches 165F and cover with foil for 5 - 10 minutes before carving.
Note: consider soaking the breasts in a brine overnight, see link above.
Select 2 boneless skinless turkey breasts, whatever size you want or enough to feed your guests (1/2 lb per person).
Occasionally you'll find packaged breasts like the one in the picture, wrapped in a mesh to keep them together.
For this grilled turkey recipe we cut off the mesh.
Lay the bacon strips on your work surface and place the turkey breasts on top of the bacon.
Pull each end of the bacon strips up and over the turkey breasts.
If need be secure the strips to the turkey with toothpicks, just remember to remove the toothpicks after cooking and before serving.
If you have a roast rack for your BBQ it comes in very handy.
Otherwise it's ok to just set this bacon wrapped bird of paradise directly on the bbq grates over a pan of water.
Preheat your barbecue to 400F - 450F and set up for indirect cooking by placing a pan of water under the grates where the grilled

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.748684
Retrieved Text: Turkey meat is very lean so may need some assistance to stay moist during the cooking process. Many cooks swear by brining as a way of ensuring that their gorgeous turkey will remain tender and succulent during roasting. ‘Brining’ the turkey simply means that it is soaked in a salty (brine) solution with added flavourings and seasonings prior to cooking. This is usually done overnight but we’d say for at least a minimum six hours. We often hear at Christmas you have far too many treats in your fridge, and that it can be hard to find room to brine a whole bird amongst the hams and the salads and the beers! Dive into your garage and haul out your chilly bin – it’s a safe and handy alternative to using the fridge!
Pour the 4 litres of water into a very large pot.
Add salt, sugar, peppercorns, allspice, onions, cinnamon and bay leaf and heat to boiling point, stirring until salt has dissolved.
Refrigerate the prepared brine solution until thoroughly chilled – pop it in the freezer to get it as cold as you can, provided you have space in the freezer!
Sterilise your plastic chilly bin by rinsing with boiling water and wiping dry with paper towels. Allow it to cool down. You want to use a chilly bin that the turkey fits comfortably in – you want the brine to come about half way up the sides of the bird – if your bin is the size of an Olympic swimming pool you might consider making a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.586353
Retrieved Text: Preparing a flavorful, crowd-pleasing Thanksgiving centerpiece is a big deal. It can be a long process from start to finish, and we want to ensure you impress your guests with a tender and moist turkey they will crave every time the holiday comes around. We’ve outlined some of the most essential tips and tricks that will have you feeling prepared when it comes time to tackle your Thanksgiving turkey!
Continue reading or visit our YouTube channel to see these tips in action!
Turkey Tip #1: Brining keeps the turkey moist.
Brining adds moisture and flavor to the bird, allowing the natural juices to come to the surface. Try different flavor profiles such as a citrus brine, brown sugar-maple brine, or beer brine. Watch our Turkey Tips video for more flavor combinations! After pouring the brine over the turkey, refrigerate and plan to brine 1 hour for every pound of turkey. Be sure to rinse the turkey thoroughly before roasting.
Turkey Tip #2: Keep the stuffing on the side.
While many prefer to cook the stuffing inside the turkey, some people may be concerned about a possible health hazard. If both the turkey and the stuffing don’t reach 165°F, bacteria from the eggs in the stuffing or from the interior of the turkey can thrive causing illness. Cooking the turkey longer may seem like an easy solution, but creates the risk of overcooking the meat. One trick is to prepare your stuffing in a separate casserole dish, then drizzle it with stock to create a similar flavor as if it were cooked

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.391335
Retrieved Text: A great Thanksgiving turkey begins with a great brine. Brining the turkey makes it juicy and flavorful, which is a great reason to begin with this step. There are many kinds of brines that you can use, from a basic seasoning mix to even using other ingredients such as beer or maple syrup. Whatever brine you use, learn how to perfect the technique with these great recipes. Your dinner guests will certainly thank you for it.
Cindy Daniel of Healdsburg Shed in Northern California rubs her turkey with salt 2 days before roasting to season it beautifully without the messiness of a brine. A flavorful herb butter adds juiciness. Daniel likes the free-range turkeys from Northern California BN Ranch (eatlikeitmatters.com). As for wine, she pours local Pinot Noirs from DuMol and Copain Trousseau and the dry Radio-Coteau Platt Riesling.
Skip the cumbersome wet brines that call for soaking turkey and making the skin flabby. This classic overnight dry brine--a simple herb, salt, and sugar mixture--gives the turkey deep flavor and a crackly crust. Be adventurous and create your own signature dry brine using our sugar and salt ratios as a guide, or try one of our three variations below.
Brining is a technique that submerges food in a salt solution to prevent moisture loss during cooking, creating succulent, juicy bites. Use our Basic Brine for fish and shrimp, or for white meat, such as chicken, turkey, or pork chops.
Brining a turkey before roasting it is one way to get a tender, moist and flavorful bird. Here are some steps

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.352505
Retrieved Text: Chef Sam Hayward strongly recommends brining turkey because no other method does such a good job of creating moist and flavorful meat.
You can brine a 14-pound turkey overnight in the refrigerator in a large lobster pot. Or, if you’re cooking a very large bird, you can brine it outside in a large, very clean picnic cooler filled with the brine and a few bags of ice to keep the temperature cold. You’ll need to double the brine recipe in this case. Secure the lid with heavy weights or a bungee cord, then let the cooler sit outside overnight. The high concentration of salt and sugar in the solution will keep it from freezing.
Remove the giblets and neck from the bird, saving the neck if you plan to make stock (see recipe). Set aside.
The evening before you roast the turkey, mix the remaining ingredients in your container, stirring until the salt and sugar have completely dissolved. Place the whole turkey in the brine, breast side down, and move it around a bit to expel air from the cavity. Place the container in the refrigerator (or outside, remembering to add ice and secure the lid), then allow the turkey to rest in the brine 12 hours.
Remove the bird from the brine, and drain it well before roasting. Discard the brine.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.515453
Retrieved Text: Two to three days before roasting: Begin thawing the turkey in the refrigerator or in a cooler kept at 38 degrees F.
The night before you’d like to eat: Truss the legs of the turkey with kitchen twine if desired. Combine the brine, water and ice in a 5-gallon bucket. Place the thawed turkey, with innards removed, breast-side down in the brine. If necessary, weigh down the bird to ensure it is fully immersed, cover and refrigerate or place everything in a cooler. Turn the bird once halfway through brining.
Day of roasting: Heat the oven to 500 degrees F. Remove the bird from the brine and rinse inside and out with cold water. Discard the brine.
Place the bird on a roasting rack inside a half sheet pan and pat dry with paper towels. Rub the bird with canola oil. Roast the bird on the lowest rack of the oven for 30 minutes.
While the bird is cooking, fold and shape a double thickness of aluminum foil into a closely fitting breastplate.
After 30 minutes, decrease the oven temperature to 350 degrees F, insert a probe thermometer into the thickest part of the breast and cook until the temperature reaches 155 degrees F. Use the breastplate at any point during cooking should the bird become too brown.
Rest the bird, covered lightly with aluminum foil, for 15 to 30 minutes. Carve and serve.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.291374
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s Thanksgiving or Christmas, there is always a debate on how to make the perfect turkey. From basting to brining we’ve picked our top tips to make sure you have the juiciest and most delicious turkey this year.
Is it done, is it not? Stop the guesswork this year and invest in a meat thermometer. By testing the thickest part of the meat (away from the bone), you’ll know if your bird is safe to eat.
The ideal temperature is 165F, remember your turkey will continue to cook as it rests and this temperature will go up by 10F when it’s resting. Wait at least 20 mins before you start carving.
This may seem controversial but basting means more oven door opening, resulting in temperature fluctuations that can dry out your bird. Instead, keep your turkey moist by brining it or by rubbing it all over with butter or oil.
Brining will ensure you end up with a deliciously moist turkey. Brining involves soaking your turkey in a mixture of water, salt and other ingredients if you wish.
The salt in the brine allows the muscle to absorb the brine and means it will release less moisture while cooking. Check out our favourite brine recipe for this year.
Place a rack inside your tray and line it with carrots, celery & onions. By lifting the turkey off the tray you’re allowing more air to circulate around the turkey so it will crisp all over.
The vegetables will make a great stock for your gravy too!
Stuffing your turkey can actually lead to some

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.227802
Retrieved Text: Hoping for a juicy bird this holiday? We've been experimenting with brines - here's what we've learned!
There are more than a million ways to make a fantastic turkey for your holiday table. So many, in fact, that the possibilities are overwhelming!
Among the many ways to impart more flavor into your bird: roasting, barbecuing, frying, paper-bagging....and of course brining. We've all *heard* about brining the turkey, but what is a brine? How does it work? Why do it? And, how on earth do we do it once we're convinced to try?
What is brining? Brining meat is a process similar to marinating, but is focused on moistening the meat as opposed to imparting flavor. Brining your holiday bird by soaking it in liquid prior to cooking will help ensure you have a deliciously moist and flavorful turkey.
How does brining work? Brining improves your turkey's ability to retain moisture. This happens for two reasons, the first being osmosis. Osmosis is the tendency for water to move across a membrane from an area of low solute concentration to an area of high solute concentration. (Basically, the salty liquid in the brine solution will migrate into the less hydrated meat molecules, plumping them up.) Secondly, brine helps makes meat moist because the salt in the brine dissolves certain muscle fibers in the turkey, which makes the fibers less capable of contracting when they cook. Less contracting of the muscle fibers means less moisture is lost during cooking, which leads to a juicier bird.
Why brine? Well, banishing dry, tough meat that requires

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.15336
Retrieved Text: I tried the brine thaw method you have explained here and it came out really good. I had brine’d before many times but the simplicity of combining the thaw with the brine was compelling and oh so easy. I will never do so any other way.
Tried the brine for the first time this year. I’m never going back. It was amazing, simple, and well worth the time and effort put into it. Thank you Mr. Brown!
I love brining, love the results except… how do you make gravy when the pan drippings are so salty? I cant live without gravy!
so what is the brine recipe and spices.??
Help me with brining 4 frozen turkey thighs please! I don’t eat poultry but volunteered this dish and am skeered.
Tell me a little more about Butterball and why you don’t like them …. interested please tell me more !
What about a fresh turkey? Is the ice in the bucket enough to keep it under 40 degrees?
Does a turkey with “8% basting solution” (e.g. Jennie-O Turkey) need brining? Will brining make the “bird” saltier than desired? HELP Thanksgiving dilemma!
Having tried both versions, the dry brine is far superior.
Alton, How do you make the brine? What is your temp/time ratio for the bird per pound and can I do it to a chicken?
My only question is could you do a couple of Good Eats – Reloaded about this?? That way more people can be reached and can get the “good stuff”!
BTW…keep up the good work on the show! Love it!
What do you do

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.141956
Retrieved Text: www.bootifulturkey.com - Cooking Time For 13 Pound Brined Turkey. If it regards finding instructions about how to help make the ideal Thanksgiving turkey, suddenly everybody else you realize becomes an pro. Your neighbor, your mail carrier, your hairdresser, your car repairman (despite the fact that he's never cooked a turkey into his lifetime) and last but not your insect control gentleman. Everyone else must put in their 2 cents worth about the topic.
Turkeys demand the majority of their care and attention throughout the first couple of years. After this time they get significantly easier to care for. Turkeys are friendly and curious in nature. There are a lot of motives to improve turkeys.
If you're bored of cooking salmon precisely exactly the identical manner every holiday, below are a few alternate turkey recipes you might want to look at. They truly are guaranteed to delight and surprise your family and visitors. This really is linked to Cooking Time For 13 Pound Brined Turkey.
Turkey can be actually a safe sanctuary for expats. Every year finds a new influx of expats into Turkey, young and old, adventurous and homely, tens and thousands of expats are flocking to dwell at Turkey annually as Turkey grows into an idyllic destination for international nationals appearing to live a life of adventures.
Investing in a whole turkey, rather than a chicken breastfeeding, really is a intelligent choice. Turkey breast prices more per pound than whole poultry does. A whole turkey also usually means you're going to have the ability to prepare some wonderful meals

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.76004
Retrieved Text: Here is a little Thanksgiving holiday gift from me to every cook who is preparing dinner for turkey day. Post them on your refrigerator. Follow them and next year everyone will want you to cook again!
Buy a fresh, not frozen bird; advantage will be in the quality and taste. And there will be no guessing game as to how long a frozen turkey needs to defrost.
For great moist flavor, try brining. A brine can be a mixture of water, or juices such as apple or cider, herbs, spices and salt. If you use this method, the bird should sit in the brine totally submerged and refrigerated for 24 hours. Try this really nice brine for capon that can be used for turkey or other poultry.
Cook the stuffing separately to avoid cooking the bird too long. Most importantly, if you insist on stuffing the bird, do it just before roasting to avoid any bacteria buildup.
Use a heavy duty pan with a roasting rack for cooking the turkey; the drippings will fall into the bottom of the pan and can be used to baste the bird as it cooks and for gravy.
Season the bird in and out with fine sea salt and coarse cracked black pepper. Herbs can be placed under the skin.
Use an instant read thermometer to tell when the bird is cooked and insert the thermometer into the thickest part of the bird, but not touching the bone. The breast meat should register 165F nd the thigh 175F.
After the turkey is cooked and nicely browned looking,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.28973
Retrieved Text: What do you traditionally serve for dinner at Thanksgiving and Christmas? In many houses across America the answer is turkey!
Thanksgiving is always at my house and the whole gang is in attendance. I have been cooking the meal for years and have experimented plenty.
We’ve grilled the turkey, fried it, smoked it and roasted it. We’ve done it all. It’s always fun because everyone want to partake and help with the meal.
And thank goodness for helpers. It’s the one time of the year that “too many cooks in the kitchen” is no problem.
The potatoes need to be mashed, rolls need to be baked, the gravy needs to thicken, the beer and wine need to be opened.
Who am I kidding…it’s already opened. We’ve been enjoying the day with a few cocktails and shrimp appetizers.
Christmas is another story. I have the night off. My sister and her husband handle the culinary duties and I get to be the taste tester.
Turkey is customary at Thanksgiving but not always at Christmas which is why turkey duty falls to me.
My family loves it because turkey day starts the night before with the brine. It continues the next morning with preparing the turkey and giblet gravy.
I have perfected the gravy over the years with the help of my family members who have shown me their skills in the kitchen. I have learned from the best.
What should I serve with turkey?
Be sure to get my homemade giblet gravy to serve over your mashed potatoes and roasted turkey.
If Christmas were celebrated at my house I’m

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.277424
Retrieved Text: How To Roast A Moist Turkey: Super easy recipe for guaranteed results!
I had no idea how to roast a moist turkey when I was first married. That year, my husband decided to invite his entire family to our brand new home to celebrate Thanksgiving. Back then, there was no Pinterest to turn to for advice, no recipe sites to consult.
The only place I had to turn was the label on the turkey’s plastic wrapping. Though I followed the directions to a tee, it was an epically tough turkey. It was so bad that we joked about how we’d still be chewing the Thanksgiving turkey on Christmas if I hadn’t made a ham, too.
Fortunately, I’ve learned a lot about how to roast a moist turkey in the past couple of decades. Since we like turkey at Thanksgiving, Christmas, and sometimes even for Easter, I’ve had over fifty of them to practice on!
Now I’m sharing what I’ve learned with you because no one should have to endure 20 years of her mother-in-law snarking about one bad Thanksgiving turkey. So read on for my tips on how to roast a moist turkey, and don’t miss the perfect turkey recipe at the end!
I used to think all there was to roasting a turkey was plopping it in a pan and repeatedly basting until the plastic temperature thingie popped out. That was pretty much my recipe for roasted chicken, too, until I was at a friend’s home for dinner. She made a roast chicken that was so moist I almost forgot

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.18666
Retrieved Text: My brined turkey recipe arrives too late for this year, I know. I’m just quickly filing it away here while the memory of how it was made is fresh in my mind because this recipe, a variation on my friend Sujata’s, is a keeper. Turkey has never been the highlight of Thanksgiving or Christmas feasting for me. It’s almost always dry and often under flavoured. But more than a decade ago, when I tasted our good friend Sujata’s brined turkey, I quickly realised that roast turkey doesn’t always have to be stringy and sorely lacking in taste. Sujata’s turkey was succulent and deliciously savoury. I was pleasantly surprised that I even enjoyed the white meat and didn’t feel the need to douse it with gravy or cranberry sauce. I’ve since tasted a fair number of brined turkeys, but must confess that Sujata’s remains the best.
Before she moved to Geneva some years ago, she gave me a copy of her recipe, which I carefully filed away. Along with it, I added a great 2-page brining primer I’d clipped from the November-December 2001 issue of Cook’s Illustrated. Over the years, I’ve recommended Sujata’s recipe to anyone I’ve met who has shown any interest in preparing a brined turkey. And every Thanksgiving and Christmas, I’d think about those three sheets of paper in my files. Yet, I’d never actually applied the information myself until this year. I guess I was a little afraid of missing the mark.
While brining takes time, in reality the magic happens with little effort on

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.119106
Retrieved Text: Countdown to Turkey Day 2013: Have You Ever Cooked a Turkey?
Have you ever cooked a turkey? No? Well hosting your first ever Thanksgiving dinner should probably not be your first attempt to cook a turkey. Thanksgiving is a busy enough holiday and even if you’re super organized, there’ll probably be a little self-induced stress, even with a timetable, all of your recipes organized, and knowing your pantry has everything you need. I really don’t want you to stress about the bird, too.
Don’t get too worked up about cooking turkey, really it’s not any different than a really big chicken. If you are feeling any trepidation about cooking your first turkey, and you have never roasted a chicken, I highly recommend you start there.
Why not? You get the benefit of a great roast chicken dinner and you’ll feel more confident on Thanksgiving day.
Here’s a simple how to roast a chicken tutorial. And yes, I seriously need to redo the pictures, as that’s from 2007, well before I learned anything about photography.
So, once you have mastered roasting a chicken, it’s time to look over its slightly bigger cousin, the turkey.
Yes, I have a tutorial for that, too: How to Roast a Turkey. Keep in mind that you don’t have to truss your turkey, I just like the way it turns out. When I went to the Butterball University event last year, they recommend tucking the wings under the shoulders to give a the turkey more of a flat bottom which makes carving easier, but it’s completely a matter

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.039867
Retrieved Text: Up to four days before, make the brine by combining the salt, peppercorns, bay, sage and sugar using a pestle and mortar, or crush with the end of a rolling pin in a bowl. Stir through both zests and spoon roughly 1/ 3 into a large resealable bag and the rest in another bag to chill.
Put the turkey legs and wings in the bag with 1/ 3 of the brine and shake well to coat the skin, then leave overnight in the fridge.
The next day, heat oven to 120C/ 100C fan/gas 1. Rinse the brine from the legs and wings and pat dry. Put the duck fat in a roasting tin, melt in the oven for 5 mins, then add the turkey pieces (they should be submerged in the fat). Cook in the middle of the oven for about 4 hrs or until the legs are tender. Leave to cool, then cover and chill overnight, or up to three days.
On Christmas Eve, cover the turkey crown in the remaining dry brine and chill in the fridge overnight.
In the morning, take the crown out the fridge 1 hr before roasting, rinse off the brine and pat dry with kitchen paper. Take the confit legs, thighs and wings out the fridge and leave to come to room temperature so they are easily released from the fat. Take out and put on a baking tray ready to reheat later. Strain the fat and set aside ready to cook the potatoes.
Heat oven to 190C/170C fan/gas 5 and line a large

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.993431
Retrieved Text: To roast a juicy, succulent turkey, without using any butter or oil, soak your turkey in a brine bath overnight, you will never want to cook a turkey another way.
Roasting a turkey can seem intimidating if you are doing it for the first time, but I can assure you, it is easier than you think! All you need is a little planning, room in your refrigerator, a probe thermometer, a turkey baster, a roasting pan (disposable one is fine) and you really can’t mess up.
You can purchase a brining blend or you can easily make the brine solution yourself. This was simply a combination of coarse sea salt, cane sugar, lemon peel, orange peel, rosemary, pink, red and green peppercorns, thyme, sage and bay leaves. You can use a gallon of apple cider or vegetable stock in place of some of the water, the ingredients are pretty flexible. I’ve seen some brine combinations with cinnamon sticks, star anise, chopped apple, candied ginger, etc.
Decide how many people will be eating, plan your menu, and gather your Thanksgiving recipes.
Start using up the foods that are taking up space in your refrigerator and freezer to make sure you have plenty of room for your turkey, roast and other dishes you will serve.
Check your pantry to see what you already have and make a shopping list of the ingredient you will need. Purchasing all your pantry items early will reduce stress later when the stores are crowded.
If you don’t already have one, add a thermometer to your shopping list. A

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.866484
Retrieved Text: OK, folks. The days are short, the pumpkins are melting, and all the stores have Christmas decorations. This can only mean one thing — Thanksgiving! In honor of those goofy little birds, I am breaking my normal scheduled broadcast to bring you what I believe to be the most delicious turkey recipe. I will say right up front that it is a lot of hard work that starts two to three days before you actually cook the bird, but it is well worth it.
That being said, there are a few ways to save time if you are in a pinch. First, you can skip boiling the brine. It is much better to not boil the brine than put a turkey into warm brine. Second, reduce the brine time. Even brining for four to six hours is enough to make the difference, so don’t skip it.
The one thing you really should not skip, besides cooking it, of course, is drying it overnight. It allows for the skin to brown, which seals in the turkey juices, making for the perfect bird. Lastly, you will notice that this turkey does not have any stuffing in it. That is intentional. If you add stuffing to this turkey, it will become very salty, due to the brine juices, and the cooking times will all increase. Thus, I really do not recommend stuffing the bird. I truly hope you enjoy this recipe and have a great Thanksgiving!
This should be done the day before you plan on placing the turkey in the brine.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.662617
Retrieved Text: From a pancetta-wrapped turkey to a classic roasted turkey with giblet gravy, here are fantastic holiday turkey recipes.
The gorgeous mahogany color of this roasted turkey comes from a glaze of lemon-infused apricot jam.
Adding Guinness, or any dark beer, to the brine gives the turkey a toasty flavor and helps give the skin a dark brown color.
After rubbing this turkey with a bold and delicious mix of chile powder, cumin, sugar and herbs, chef Tim Love blankets it with slices of salty, fatty pancetta, resulting in a supermoist and savory bird.
If you have a grill with a lid and a bag of hickory chips you can smoke a turkey. Braising the bird first in a mix of coffee, apple cider vinegar and cane syrup or brown sugar results in marvelously complex flavors—sweet, bitter and herbaceous.
Jose Garces prepares this turkey in the same style as a traditional Yucatán dish called cochinita pibil, a slow-roasted pork marinated in citrus and annatto paste (made from achiote seeds, the condiment adds an orange hue to foods). Brining and marinating the bird make it especially succulent.
Toasted ancho chiles, garlic and scallions flavor the butter that’s rubbed all over the turkey breast and bastes it as it roasts.
The tangerine, brown sugar and sage glaze on this gorgeous turkey gives it a rich, burnished color when it comes out of the oven. Besides making the turkey look so impressive, the citrus-herb glaze adds an alluring holiday flavor.
Make sure the turkey is completely dry before rubbing its skin with the paprika butter.
Brining turkey by soaking

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.612371
Retrieved Text: 1) Bring all ingredients to a boil and stir to dissolve sugar and salt.
3) Place turkey breast side down into brine and then add as much water is necessary to completely submerge. Use a few plates to hold under water.
1) Brine the thawed turkey one full night prior to cooking (recipe above).
2) Preheat the oven to 500 degrees. Take the turkey out of the brine and rise inside out with cold water.
3) Pat dry and coat liberally with vegetable oil.
4) Insert any aromatics (see below) as desiered once brine is no longer used.
5) Pop turkey in the fully heated oven for 30 minutes.
6) After 30 minutes have passed, reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees and cook until thickest part of the breast reaches 160 degrees.
7) Pull the turkey out and let rest for 15 minutes prior to carving.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.591194
Retrieved Text: Allow a total of 4 to 4-1/2 hours to start the fire, cook the turkey, and let it rest. Have a full bag of charcoal on hand, as you’ll need to add coals as the bird cooks.
Combine all the brine ingredients in an enamel or stainless-steel pot big enough to hold the brine and turkey. Bring to a simmer, remove from the heat, and let cool completely. Remove the neck and giblets, rinse the turkey well, and put it in the cold brine; add water if the brine doesn’t cover the bird. Refrigerate for 2 to 4 days, turning the bird twice a day.
Remove the bird from the brine, pat it dry, lightly brush it with olive oil, and set aside. Prepare the grill by lighting about 30 charcoal briquettes or small pieces of hardwood charcoal, preferably in a chimney starter. When the coals are hot and spotted gray, put an aluminum-foil drip pan that’s at least 1 inch deep in the middle of the grill. Arrange half the coals on one side of the pan and half on the other. Put about 1/2 cup of wood chips in a double layer of aluminum foil and set them on the hot coals.
Put the upper rack of the grill in place and center the turkey, breast side up, on the rack over the drip pan. Cover the grill and partially close the air vents. Regulate the vents to keep the wood chips smoking and the coals burning slowly, checking every 25 minutes or so. Add charcoal periodically.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.543064
Retrieved Text: Brilliantly Brined: Proper brining makes the meat very juicy – not salty. Flavor brining is used to enhance the texture and taste of the turkey to its most delicious potential. Use a heavy-duty container that can hold approximately eight quarts of liquid, such as food-grade plastic, stainless steel or glass, when brining the turkey. Do not use aluminum containers, as they are corrosive. Always refrigerate the brine solution, preferably overnight. If it is not cold, the meat will absorb too much salt. For a delicious twist try Foster Farms’ Honey Garlic Brine recipe.
Roasted Perfection and Grilling Guidelines: Always use a meat thermometer. While boneless or ground turkey is fully cooked when it reaches an internal temperature of 165˚F, bone-in turkey is fully cooked when the meat thermometer reads 180˚F. For specific roasting and grilling times based on turkey weight and whether it’s stuffed/unstuffed, check out the Roasting Turkey and Grilling Turkey webpages. And remember, at altitudes above 5,000 feet add approximately five to 10 minutes of cooking time per pound.
Sumptuous Stuffing: Don’t stuff the bird too tightly, as this will make the stuffing heavy and harder to fully cook. If you want more of the delicious side dish, bake stuffing covered in an oven-proof dish to an internal temperature of 165⁰F. Verda Foster’s tried and true stuffing recipe has been a crowd pleaser for generations.
Carve It Like a Boss: Stop. After cooking, give that bird at least 20 minutes before carving. To steady the bird, leave the wings on until you’ve carved both sides of the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.52387
Retrieved Text: And rather than read about how I would prepare another dish to present as the main course for this feast, I’ll just jump right in to Part I of my Turkey Day Tidbits Helpful Hints Sheets.
YOU MUST BRINE YOUR TURKEY. It doesn’t matter if you are buying the cheapest frozen bird or the most incredible organic, free-range fresh bird you must brine it. Absolutely. Luckily for me, my family has been brining our turkey for about 15 years now. We started long before the brining frenzy began, so even though we do indeed serve turkey every year (ba humbug) my family has been preparing it in a manner that enhances the mild flavor of the turkey by adding aromatics (orange zest, peppercorns, garlic, rosemary, etc.) and moisture to the turkey through use of #1-a brine and #2-compound butter, which we’ll talk about in just a sec.
Add the ¾ cup kosher salt and 4 cups water to a small saucepan and heat until the salt dissolves. Pour the hot liquid into a large bowl, or pot, and add all the ice water (if you have room, otherwise just let the hot salt-water cool to room temperature and then proceed). Pour the cooled salt water into a large (I mean big, huge, monstrous) bag, add the remaining ingredients and then add the turkey. Place your turkey into a large bowl or a bucket (incase it drips) and turn the bag every few hours. For a turkey 8-12 lbs. let it brine 5-6 hours. Any larger than that and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.476782
Retrieved Text: These mouthwatering recipes will take your Thanksgiving turkey from bland to brilliant in no time.
Prepare yourself for your most delicious Thanksgiving yet with these mouthwatering recipes, guaranteed to take your Thanksgiving turkey from bland to brilliant.
Be sure to choose a fresh, unbrined turkey for this recipe. Many varieties are injected with a salt solution prior to packaging and will make this dish too salty. Reserve a couple of thyme springs to use in the gravy.
The centerpiece of your holiday meal, the turkey is one dish you want to get just right—and with this foolproof recipe, you can roast a beautiful, succulent turkey every time.
Quick tip: For a fresh garnish that won't wilt, choose stiff, glossy leaves. Here, bay and citrus leaves pair with figs and kumquats.
Oven management on the big day can be hectic, but don’t stress. Bake your sides once the bird comes out of the oven. The turkey will stay warm for about an hour, leaving you plenty of time to finish cooking the meal.
If you have a crowd or want extra leftovers, you can fry an additional turkey in the same oil—just be sure to heat it back up to 350 degrees F. Save your oil containers; they'll come in handy when it's time to clean up.
A citrus brine guarantees this bird is tender and moist.
Spice up our Perfect Roast Turkey with a zesty rub.
Try this tasty twist: The 2008 herbes-de-provence version shown here calls for ½ cup dried lavender; 1 tablespoon each salt, fennel seeds, and dried thyme; and 2 teaspoons white

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.394236
Retrieved Text: Q: Can you use grape jelly or any marinating recipes?
I love to cook and my speicality is appetizers easy desserts dips and marinating meats. Does any one have some real good marainating recepies for chicken, pork and fish and steak? I have some grape jelly in the frige is there any good recipies to mainate using grape jelly? Thanks have a great night.
A: Try it with pork. Pork goes well with fruit. I would mix it with a balsamic vinegar and lots of good pork friendly herbs like sage and thyme….or maybe a red wine and onions.
Yeah, I know I don’t eat meat, but I used to and I remember that part.
Q: does anyone know any good recipes for marinating a ham? is it even possible??
Mix ingredients. Marinate ham in above mixture overnight or longer. Wrap in foil. Pour mixture over ham. Cook until done.
Q: What are some recipes for marinating a whole chicken?
A: whatever u do dont do the above answer.
Q: Any great marinating and baking idea recipes for salmon that you’ve tried?
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Season the fish with salt, pepper, paprika, and thyme. Cover with fine cracker crumbs. Place in 9×13 glass pan. Put diced onions on crackered fish. Pour melted butter over fillets. Garnish with slices of lime. Bake for 25-30 minutes until done. Don’t overcook.
Wash and pat salmon dry. Combine sugar, butter, soy sauce, lemon juice and wine. Place salmon steaks in a flat glass dish. Pour marinade over fish. Depending on your time schedule, this can stand up to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.272745
Retrieved Text: Brining the Turkey. Seasonings for turkey brines can be as simple or as elaborate as you like. Common brining seasonings include kosher salt, peppercorns, allspice, thyme, savory, sage �... Preheat oven to 200�C. Place onion, orange and lemon into the cavity of the turkey, then tie the legs together with kitchen string. Tuck in the wings and place the turkey on a wire rack set in a large roasting pan or deep baking tray and add 1 cup (250ml) water to the pan.
Of course, if cooking a turkey, you are probably cooking other things as well and refrigerator space may be hard to find. A cold cooler will work just fine. Remember to keep the brine cold, but don't let it freeze. If the outside temperature is low enough you can just put the whole thing someplace safe outside until you are ready to cook your turkey.
Cooking a Brined Turkey. Cook a brined turkey just as you normally would. Once it's out of the brine, pat it dry and rub it with any spices you were planning to use (although you can skip the salt!).
For me the only turkey is a brined one. Not only does it tenderize and add subtle spiciness, but it makes carving the turkey incredibly much easier.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.203014
Retrieved Text: Try brining for a fun and delicious change of pace from your standard roast turkey preparation.
Using the brining process, the turkey is soaked in a salt-water solution for several hours prior to roasting, locking in moisture and resulting in a juicier meat. Brining should begin at least 6 hours prior to cooking, but 12 to 20 hours would be ideal. Parts require less time, whole birds more. Follow our five-step brining schedule and you’re on your way to moist, tender turkey!
Wings, drums, thighs and breast meat will cook quickly, but a 10 lb whole bird can take up to 2 hours on the barbecue. Do not use a self-basting or Kosher turkey for brining.
Your turkey will need to be completely submersed in the brine solution. For parts, use either a covered container or a large zip-lock freezer bag (these bags are sturdy enough to handle most parts and the air can be squeezed out completely). To brine a whole turkey, use a large non-corrosive covered pot or ‘brining bags’. Make sure you have enough fridge space to accommodate your container.
You’ll need about 1L of ice cold water to cover a few parts and about 3L to 4L to cover a 10-12 lb whole turkey. If you want to create your own ‘signature brine’, consider replacing some of the water with beer or soda pop.
Typically, a brine has enough salt in the liquid to float a raw egg. Don’t be afraid to cut back if you prefer less salt. Kosher salt or sea salt are recommended. Also,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.132917
Retrieved Text: Every year it seems I get such huge birds and then fret on how to make this Turkey moist and tender. Seems the bigger the bird-the tougher the success. Ive perfected the brine recipe to save for years to come. I hope you enjoy!
Prep turkey to soak 24 hours. This yearTom was 24 pounds and my huge canning pot was too small. so I used a cooler and clean unscented trash-bag. This was serious improvising. Remove all the giblets from both front and back of bird. Make sure your turkey is not frozen. Then place in brine 24 hours refrigerated.
I lined cooler with clean bag and then added brined and turkey pulling bag tight around bird to surround with the wonderful flavors.
After 24 hours be sure to rinse your bird really well under cold tap water. You want to insure all the salt is rinsed off well inside and out. You don’t need to season more because these amazing flavors are locked in.
I like to use a cooking bag. It cuts down on cleanup as well as cook time. With the brine I only rubbed my bird with olive oil and placed a chopped apple , 2 stalks celery and small onion in cavity for moisture.
Happy Holidays and best wishes to a successful meal!
Previous postMy Day of Thanks!
It was best turkey ever!

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To spare the plant while picking lettuce

Choice 1: grab one leaf with one hand, bend the plant stalk near the leaf with the other hand, and pull it down and away from the leaf.

Choice 2: grab one leaf with one hand, hold the stalk near the leaf with the other hand, and then pull the leaf down breaking it from the plant.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.108349
Retrieved Text: For those of you who are keeping up with our saga, the bottle garden was too much to deal with. I decided to focus a little more by growing heirloom tomatoes, so I planted 50 seeds in egg crates. So far, 28 have survived, and are looking good. From the bottle garden debacle, there was one survivor that has surprised us. We have some sort of mutant lettuce that grows on a stalk. It’s delicious, and I have to admit that I like picking off all the lettuce leaves and then seeing more leaves growing on the stalk a couple days later. We also got a couple of pepper plants and a blackberry bush from Wal-Mart, and some onion sets and a squash plant to boot. They all got a good rain today, and seem to be doing well. We still need to plant the blackberry bush and the squash, but they’re alive and well in their pots for now.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.61574
Retrieved Text: Q: What water yields the most beautiful lettuce heads?
Planting lettuces out one at a time is my idea of hell, so I have developed an easier method that can only be described as ‘clump lettuce’.
No way am I going to separate all this seedlings one from the next and plant them separately in tiny holes along a string line.
Instead I hoe a furrow through my richest soil that has been turned over by the chicken flock, well watered beforehand then left for a further week to allow the soil to come alive again after this fallow period.
At 10cm intervals along the row, I plant ‘clumps’ of lettuce seedlings that are simply torn apart from the root-bound seedlings lifted out of the tray lines.
So what happens at harvest time?
The lettuces all compete for soil, moisture and nutrients in their space, and the cook wanders along picking the most tender leaves off what ever looks good for the salad.
This thinning process supplies us with regular salads without the hassle of digging out a whole lettuce and disposing of the root ball.
Once sowing has been completed (and only a few rows are sown each week to ensure different rates of maturation) drip lines are laid beside the lettuce rows and turned on, as such leafy seedlings wilt quickly. The mulch layer that covers our soils right through summer is returned around the individual seedlings to prevent evaporation from the soil surface.
The last step is to lay shade cloth or shade cloches over the seedlings for three to four days

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.592176
Retrieved Text: This is what we’ve been waiting for !!
Corn picking is so fun!
The corn makes a great hiding place!
The beans like to hide!
The cucumbers like to hide, too!
A bit of play time!
Farmer Bud has something to share.
Working together on weed patrol.
First tomato in my own garden!
A butterfly came to visit!
The Garden Team is ready for Action !
Lots to harvest in the Children’s Garden!
Wow! Look at these onions!
Look at this fabulous squash we grew!
We planted some “jewelry” in the garden for summer color.
Always good to start the day with a hug!
Have you ever seen an onion mustache?
What a team! Nice Kale harvest!
Farmer Paul helping with a new transplant.
Weeding and propping up the eggplant.
My sunflower is taller than me !!
Finishing the details in our own gardens, then on to the Together Garden!
The newspaper needs to be moist for our worm bed.
Busy as bees preparing our new home for the worms.
Let’s get the worms into their new home!
Farmer Kevin shared some of his lovely lettuce with us. Yummy!
Time for some silliness !!!!
More silly fun with onion!
Time to learn about Farmer Allan’s Worm House!
This is Farmer Allan’s worm house…isn’t it cool?
We’d better wash up before we handle the lettuce and broccoli.
Look at the beautiful broccoli bouquet!
What beautiful broccoli. I call this one!
What a team we are! Now, it’s on to the together garden.
Getting after the weeds in the path…we don’t want them to spread into our garden!
Busy as bees, planting the carrots we thinned.
Great job Farmer Mary! Now the carrots will have plenty of room to grow big!
Careful! The knife is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.357397
Retrieved Text: Our Longford farm comprises 3,500 acres where we grow mainly lettuce, salad mixes and carrots, but also other fresh vegetables which we supply to the eastern states in Australia. We have a smaller farm of 250 acres in Queensland supplying during the winter season.
Plant the seedlings at the farm where they mature into lettuce, etc.
Pick the vegetables/salads and process and package these at our on-site factory.
Transport the packed fresh vegetables on our own fleet of trucks to our own distribution centres and produce markets in Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, and Adelaide.
Deliver the fresh vegetables quickly to restaurant customers direct from our distribution centres.
Yes, it’s a constant challenge to have all these elements working smoothly. We’re proud of the job we do. The result we achieve, however, is Truly Fresh.
Why are our vegetables ‘truly fresh’?
Because we control the full supply chain: from picking, processing and distribution to customers! This means that we pick a lettuce one day and have it in customers’ stores the following day. That is, our fresh vegetables are ‘truly fresh’.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.2052
Retrieved Text: Are you hungering for some home-grown vegetables, but short on space? Does the sun shine brightest in the front of your property or close to the house? Well no need to pass on the pleasures of gardening. There are plenty of delicious, hardy vegetables that thrive in decorative containers, small raised beds and tiny strips of land.
Each region of the country has particular vegetables that are easier to grow, or thrive during a certain time of year. If you live in the South, eggplants and peppers will have a wonderful long growing season. In the North, broccoli, peas and lettuce do well, but tomatoes can be fussier.
Gardening in dryer climates requires special care to ensure that plants receive enough moisture, while wet climate gardeners must watch for mildew and other diseases, even in small space gardens.
Perhaps your front porch is loaded with afternoon sunlight, or a patch of land next to the garage seems perfect for growing a small space garden. If you live in an apartment or have no land to spare, you can still enjoy the season’s bounty as long as you have a sunny deck and some large planting pots.
Keep in mind that while most vegetables do best in, at least, 6 hours of sunlight, there are a few that can tolerate some shade (spinach, lettuce), so don’t discount a potential garden spot that slumbers in late afternoon.
Raised beds and large containers make excellent homes for small gardens. To establish a bed, you can either purchase a pre-constructed frame made from wood or

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.655605
Retrieved Text: There’s a problem with growing lettuce in the greenhouse. I don’t want to pick it. I’ve watched them grow, looked at them every day for three months, and every time I sit I enjoy their beauty. I knew that when the leaves in the row start touching that it would be time to start picking, but I didn’t. Now the leaves are touching the ground and will be attracting sow bugs so it’s imperative that I begin. Tearing the leaves off a wondrously beautiful plant just to eat them is the purpose of growing them, but they have become living art work to me, that has a higher purpose than food. They feed the soul by their excellent execution of life, and so shall they feed the body by their death.
A three foot long seam in my greenhouse roof began leaking, and drops of water were hitting the ground two inches away from my direct seeded spinach. The drops were landing in a three foot long line parallel to the spinach, and that section was stunted. I initially thought that the vibration of the large drops of water was affecting the root fiber to microbe communication and prohibiting normal growth. I put a 1×2 piece of wood along the row where the drops were hitting and by the next morning, even though it had rained all night, the plants were standing up prim and perky. Water was no longer splashing on them and the difference was significant.They are smaller than the rest of the row and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.648016
Retrieved Text: Phytochromes, cryptochromes and phototropins play an important role in the mediation of plant growth. These photoreceptors are activated by specific light wavelengths and deficient amount of certain light wavelengths may lead to undesirable plant growth. Hence, the quality of light received by a plant has a great influence on its growth. Besides light quality, light intensity is an important factor as well. Butterhead Lettuce (Lactuca sativa) were grown under varying light conditions namely, sunlight, blue-red, red, white-blue-red and white light, to evaluate the effects of light quality and light quantity on plant growth. Even though sunlight prove to be the most favourable for plant growth. Aside from the broad spectrum of light wavelengths it is able to offer, greater lettuce growth under sunlight can also be attributed to the significantly greater photosynthetic flux density of sunlight compared to the LED light treatments provided in the experiment. Lettuce growth under red-blue treatment proved to be the greatest among the LED treatments while monochromatic red treatment resulted in the development of awkward plant morphology in lettuce.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.336182
Retrieved Text: sturdy and durable pyb cone crusher for sale. . hot selling mobile stone jaw crusher sturdy with ce . Prev low investment heavy equipment mobile crusher machine .
High Efficiency Jaw Crushers Stone Crusher. Sturdy And Durable Jaw Crusher Spare our jaw crusher has high crushing ratio and spare parts of jaw crusher are .
Small scale mechanized stone crusher, Stone windrowers of simple and sturdy design, for alignment of your stones prior to crushing or picking up.
Geco Grinding Centre offering Stone Crusher, Crushing Machine at Rs 900000 /piece in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. Read about company and get contact details and address.
The pre-crusher that we offer are ruggedly constructed and are highly sturdy. These are made of fine quality steel and are free from rust, corrosion, and abrasion.
Stone Crusher Machine Guwahati; need for space for plant installation leaving more room for other site activities while being most efficient and sturdy in its .

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.839472
Retrieved Text: Happy New Year everybody! Real life put the blog on pause, but the start of another year is a great time to revisit good things. Resolutions, anybody? There are the usual, like working out, eating healthy… Perhaps I should eat a freshly picked salad.
What do you mean by “freshly picked”, Dave? Pennsylvania is a bit cold to garden in January. Unless you misspelled “pickled”. Happy New Years Eve! Have you been drinking?
OK, two things. First, I’m not drinking… yet. And, I’m not picking salad… yet. But I will be picking a bowl full of salad in January.
Remember the far out grow lights I posted about earlier? They are being put to good use. A few weeks ago, I started some mesclun and lettuce seeds. That is not a typo. That should not say “mescaline”. Tell people you have a grow light and God knows what ideas they get.
Mesclun, for those that do not know, is a mixture of several different types of salad greens and leaf lettuces. They are often harvested when young. I transplanted the seedlings last week. We learned our lesson from last year and assured the planting medium and neighboring plants are not contaminated with aphids. Note that you should plant additional seeds every 2-3 weeks to ensure continuous harvest.
The lights are on for approximately 16 hours a day. I am watering frequently, but also setting up a fan to provide seedlings with a breeze. The purpose is two-fold. A gentle breeze strengthens the stems of growing plants. In addition, the breeze helps

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.825611
Retrieved Text: Ethylene – Does one bad apple spoil the bunch?
Improper storage of some whole fresh fruits and vegetables may cause deterioration of both their flavor and nutrition value.
Ethylene serves as a hormone in plants – It acts at trace levels throughout the life of the plant by stimulating or regulating the ripening of fruit, the opening of flowers, and the abscission (or shedding) of leaves. Controlling ethylene gas after picking will extend the life cycle of your commodity-allowing them to be held for a much a longer period of time. While refrigeration & humidity slow decay, they don’t halt the production of harmful ethylene gas.
Ethylene has been used in practice since the ancient Egyptians, who would gash figs in order to stimulate ripening (wounding stimulates ethylene production by plant tissues). The ancient Chinese would burn incense in closed rooms to enhance the ripening of pears. Products sensitive to ethylene gas, such as broccoli and bananas, will spoil quickly if stored in the same areas as avocados, melons, and apples, which are ethylene producers. One good apple in a bag of potatoes will keep the potatoes from sprouting. Also, one bad apple (punctured or rotten) in a bag or basket of apples will cause the others to spoil faster from the large amount of ethylene gas being produced by the bad apple.
Ethylene gas can be used to riped your produce faster too, take bananas for example – putting bananas in a paper bag and closing it off will cause the bananas to ripen faster due to the Ethylene

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.758032
Retrieved Text: Growing lettuces for your salads all year around will take a rhythm. By that I mean they are fast growers, produce and go home (to the compost). Once you are set up, plant some out every few weeks to have continual produce. They are high in fiber but what many don’t understand, lettuce can provide most of your protein requirements. The colored variety’s contain a flavanoids. If your not hip to what that is, then heads up. Super stuff for the old constitution. Pick lettuce in the morning to preserve the crispness it acquires overnight or 5 minutes before you munch’em down. Both ways have their advantages.
Crisphead- Crisphead, cabage-like lettuce includes the familiar iceberg types. It is the old standby in the traditional grocery stores we used to roam. It has the thickest, crunchiest leaves of all the lettuces. Iceberg is perhaps the least nutritious type, yet is a good source of fiber and has abundant leaves. Crisphead varieties are ready to harvest approximately 95 days after planting.
Romaine- Romaine or Cos lettuce has elongated leaves with stiff ribs. You have eaten it in Cesar salads, I am sure. The crunchy, spoon-shaped leaves are very nutrisius do to their color. Color in any veggie is where the nutrition lay. They require a fairly long time to mature; 70 to 75 days. Romaines have a distinct advantage over Crispheads in that you can harvest the outer leaves of the head as it continues to grow in the garden. Sounds good… right? The plant, red-leaved and red-speckled are especially

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.523016
Retrieved Text: Philips Lighting, has collaborated with The University of Arizona Controlled Environment Agriculture Center (CEAC) to test energy efficient ways to grow food that will help feed astronauts on missions to the moon, Mars and beyond. A recent study, conducted over a nine week period, found that replacing water-cooled high-pressure sodium (HPS) systems with energy efficient LED lighting from Philips in a prototype lunar greenhouse resulted in an increased amount of high-quality edible lettuce while dramatically improving operational efficiency and use of resources. Lettuce grown under Philips LED modules achieved up to 54 grams/kWh of fresh weight, edible lettuce compared to lettuce grown under a high pressure sodium system which achieved only 24 grams/kWh of fresh weight, edible lettuce. This represents an energy savings of 56%.
Philips GreenPower LED toplighting was installed and programmed with a customized “light recipe” developed by plant specialists at Philips to optimize the results. Light recipes are formulated by taking into account a variety of factors including light spectrum, intensity, uniformity and relative position of the lamp to plant canopy. These are combined to develop specific plant characteristics such as compactness, color intensity and branch development.
In addition, the LED modules, which create less concentrated heat loads than HPS lamps, even without water cooling, can be placed closer to the plants resulting in uniform light distribution throughout the greenhouse. This ensures all plants receive the same level and quality of light resulting in better, more uniform plant quality and a more predictable yield. The Philips LED systems also cool independently, which means no additional

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.379927
Retrieved Text: What is commonly known as rust on lettuce is technically known as “russet spotting.” Rust on lettuce doesn’t make the greens inedible, but it does make them unattractive. Russet spotting occurs because of a chemical reaction that involves ethylene gas, and it can be minimized with certain handling and storage practices.
Ethylene gas is thought to regulate growth in plants and coordinate their ripening, Cornell University reports. Tractors, trucks and other machinery that have internal combustion engines also give off ethylene gas and can cause plants to ripen faster and develop rust spots. Fruits such as apples, bananas, peaches and tomatoes give off the highest levels of ethylene and greatly affect vegetables such as lettuce, which exude low levels of ethylene. Ethylene gas causes greens to yellow faster and causes rust on lettuce. It also causes carrots to become bitter and potatoes to sprout faster.
Lettuce harvesters can reduce rust on lettuce by vacuum-cooling their harvest and storing it just above freezing temperature at about 34 degrees Fahrenheit. Cold temperatures reduce respiration rates in lettuce and slow the ethylene reaction. Well-ventilated coolers can help minimize ethylene exposure. Avoid storing your lettuce along with fruits, Cornell University advises. Potassium permanganate products can be used to absorb excess ethylene gas.
It isn’t simply the presence of ethylene gas that causes rust on lettuce; it is damage to the lettuce itself. This may occur during harvest, handling and transport. Bruised lettuce is more susceptible to the chemical reactions that occur with ethylene gas according to the University of California. Websites such as

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.275496
Retrieved Text: Lettuce (Lactuca sativa) is a leafy green plant in the daisy family that was originally cultivated from a weed by the Ancient Egyptians.
There are hundreds of lettuce cultivars varying in color, leaf shape, texture, and growth habit. Lettuces generally come in a spectrum of green or red, with several varieties having both green and red leaves. Lettuce leaves can be oblong, flat, frilly, delicate, scalloped or ornate like oak leaves. Most Americans are familiar with iceberg lettuce and romaine lettuce but there are several common cultivar groups: Looseleaf lettuces are grown for their small, immature leaves and are used in salad mixes. Butterhead, or Bibb, lettuces are grown to maturity with a loose round head of tender, easily bruised leaves. Summercrisp lettuces tend to bolt (go to seed) slower than other types, which makes them ideal for warmer climates. Farmers growing looseleaf lettuces for salad mixes choose varieties with different textures in order to give the mix volume and colors to make them visually appealing.
Row crops of romaine lettuce in Yuma. Photo by Jeff Vanuga, USDA natural Resources Conservation Service, public domain.
Lettuce grows best in cool temperatures. It can often overwinter, but doesn’t grow rapidly until temperatures warm and daylight increases. With the exception of some summercrisp varieties, most lettuces will bolt when temperatures consistently reach 75 degrees. Once the plant begins the process of bolting, the leaves become filled with a milky substance, which makes them taste bitter. When bolting, the plant will shoot up a stem, which eventually results in dozens of dainty flowers.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.25023
Retrieved Text: With the colors of the Union Jack scattered all around town, it just seemed appropriate that my crisps should represent the flag too. Pretty cool, huh? Just in case you think they're dipped in artificial colors, these Tyrell's crisps are in fact made from rather rare breed of spuds - Clara blue, Highland Burgundy Red (mixed with beetroot) as well as the popular White Lady Claire.
I stumbled upon a yoghurt ice cream cart in La Spezia, Italy not too long ago. The frozen yoghurt was piped over a medley of summer fruits. It tasted like manna from heaven. I've been searching for a similar replacement since. I was thrilled to discover Yeo Valley Strawberry Yeoghurt Ice cream. Just as well they're heavily discounted at the moment (£1.74 per 900ml) given that I've been scarfing the lot by the bucket. The ice-cream's my cheap and relatively guilt free indulgence.
I'm a plant killer. There, I've said it. I've got two black thumbs. I've decided to spare the lives of innocent plants by just buying potted herbs and lettuce instead. Pesticide free, fresh, yada yada yada. And I didn't even have to dig, buy compost and sacrifice virgin seedlings.
Yep we've all gone red, white and blue too! I love Yeo Valley! Used to buy YV everything when the kids were younger. I got the double pots of basil lol! Was going to ask if you have any easy recipes to use them up and/or can we freeze the leaves? Forgot to scatter them on our pizzas the other day..
I

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.246931
Retrieved Text: crusher and conveyors spare parts Samscreen, Inc. designs and manufactures an extensive line of superior quality products including customized screening media products, crusher and wear liner parts, trommel drum screens and more. Samscreen is known for providing the quickest turn-around in the industry.
Aasra Enterprises Rubber Conveyor Belt, Stone Crusher Spare Parts & Conveyor Idlers Manufacturer from Hyderabad, Telangana, IndiaWe are engaged in Manufacturing, Trading and Supplying Stone Crusher Spare Parts, Conveyor Idlers, Conveyor Rollers. Get Price.
crusher and conveyors spare parts As part of the RMI group, Hewitt Robins Parts is a full service mining equipment provider. We take control of the complete mining process from the blast to the stock pile. We maintain and repair equipment in all parts of the world.
Manufacturer of Conveyor Spare Parts Conveyor Rollers, manufacturers,stone crusher plant conveyor spare parts suppliers,jaw crusher plant conveyor spare Aggregate Crushers, Screens, Conveyors Titan Titan Machinery sells and provides parts and service support for all makes and models of aggregate equipment, from crushers to generators and conveyors.
crusher and conveyors spare parts Northern Crusher Spares offer worldwide delivery available on all rock crusher parts and spares. We have customers in all continents throughout the world including Europe, North America, South America, Africa, Asia and Australia.
crusher and conveyors spare parts Spare Parts Jaw Crusher magentoadmin. Jaw Crusher Parts | Screens | Conveyor Parts . Tesab Parts Center are a spare parts supplier for the aggregate impact and jaw crushing market, as well as gravel screens and Trackstack conveyors.
Crusher Works is an authorized dealer of world leading, quality equipment

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.183352
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s on a sandwich or in a salad, the refreshing crunch of lettuce is unmistakable. And there’s nothing quite like walking over to your Tower Garden and harvesting a crisp leaf to munch on—which is one reason we ship gourmet lettuce seeds with every Tower Garden.
Fast-growing, and can be ready to harvest in as little as 3 weeks.
One of the healthiest vegetables you can eat, offering vitamins A, K and other nutrients.
Easy to grow—a perfect choice for new gardeners.
No wonder it’s a popular crop among Tower Gardeners!
If you want fresh lettuce every day for salads or other dishes, we suggest growing approximately 2-3 heads of lettuce per person.
Tower Tip: Get more recommendations on gardening planning in our guide.
Here are our tips for growing lettuce with Tower Garden.
Keep in mind, all varieties of lettuce grow very well indoors with grow lights.
Tower Tip: To learn when you should grow lettuce in your area, try this planting scheduler.
For leaf lettuces, plant 2–4 seeds per rock wool cube. And for head lettuces, plant only 1 seed per cube. Lettuce seeds usually germinate within 1–2 weeks. And seedlings should be ready to transplant to your Tower Garden 10–14 days after sprouting, or whenever they have at least 2–3 leaves and a visible root structure. When transplanting, keep in mind that lettuce is a good crop to plant near the top of your Tower Garden.
Tower Tip: For step-by-step instructions on starting seeds and transplanting seedlings, reference page 7 of the Tower Garden Growing Guide (PDF).
Cabbage loopers are green caterpillars that feed

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.044336
Retrieved Text: This diagram shows an example of how a traditionally planted row, and a intensively planted row might look. You can see that traditional methods use wider spacings and do not utilize the space as fully as intensive planting does.
The goal of intensive planting it to utilize your growing space more fully so that you can increase your food production without having to increase the amount of land you are growing on.
Seed packets offer details on planting in traditional rows, while the Fantastic Farm and Garden Calculator will allow plant spacing for intensive planting as seen in this chart. Lets say the diagram above is for a crop where the seed packet suggests a 12" space for traditional planting methods. With the intensive planting method, perhaps the spacing is reduced to 8" and the plantings are staggered as seen in the diagram. This staggering of plants allows the tighter spacing while not completely over-crowding the plants.
If you've determined that you need eight heads of lettuce to feed your family, that would take the entire row as shown in the traditional planting example. Using the intensive method you can grow the same amount in less than half the space (as shown in the diagram). This leaves the rest of the row for you to plant other items, therefore maximizing the amount of food you can grow in a given space. For the sake of argument, lets say that you wanted to plant the whole row with similarly spaced plants. Lets say head lettuce, kale, bush beans and Swiss

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.992191
Retrieved Text: Planting, growing and harvesting different varities of lettuce plants is easy and great fun.
How much sun and water the lettuce plant needs to grow.
How many lettuce seeds do you plant in one hole?
How long does it take for a lettuce seed to germinate?
If you have a small garden or only a yard or patio then you can successfully plant lettuce seeds in containers or pots for a great harvest.
There are numerous varieties of lettuce that can be grown very successfully. They all have different tastes and textures. If you are not sure which lettuces to grow you can buy a mixed seed packet and see which ones you prefer. Lettuce is prone to be eaten and damaged by slugs and other garden pests. There are a few simple ways to protect your plants which I will explain here.
Plant out lettuce seeds in early spring once the frosts have gone. That is March or April here in Ireland. Lettuce grows best in sheltered areas with a few hours of direct sunlight.
Plastic pots or large garden bags are best. They do not have to be too deep but a wider surface allows you to grow more lettuce.plants. Do not use clay pots because there is always the danger of the soil drying out in summer. All containers used must have proper drainage to avoid water logging the plants.
You can plant lettuce seeds directly into your containers or pots or put them into seed trays. I prefer to plant them in seeding trays and then transplanting them into the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.984428
Retrieved Text: For years I struggled with how and when to grow lettuce. So, I decided to try growing lettuce in containers. For three years now, we’ve enjoyed more lettuce than I could have ever imagined. Growing lettuce in containers makes it easy to weed, control disease and harvest seeds.
Records of growing lettuce date back to at least 500 B.C. It was introduced here in America by Columbus. While there are many magnificent lettuce types, there are five basic groups: butterhead, celtuce, crisphead, looseleaf, and romaine.
Butterhead – They make a loose leafy head. The delicate, delicious flavor is divine.
Celtuce – Makes a stem and not much leaf, like celery. Grown for its stems instead of its leaf.
Crisphead – Probably the most recognized is Iceberg. These have large firm heads. These have less color, fewer vitamins and minerals, and a flat taste. They are perfect for industrial production, but are the hardest to grow in the home garden. They take twice as long to mature as leaf lettuce. Head lettuce can take 80 to 95 days and all those days have to be cool.
Looseleaf – These are the easiest to grow. There are a few varieties that are hot weather hardy. My favorite of these is Oakleaf and Deer Tongue. Yep, they’re named by the way they look. Loose leaf lettuce has a stronger taste and may require some adjusting to. It matures in 40 to 45 days.
Romaine – Comes in a wide variety of choices. Romaine spreads out from a tight center instead of forming a ball or

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.967913
Retrieved Text: Ancient Greek physicians believed that lettuce could help their patients in which of the following ways?
Your answer — B) Cure leprosy — was incorrect.
Lettuce soup was served as the last course at Greek banquets to give the guests a restful night. The milky white sap of the lettuce plant is reminiscent of the juice of opium poppies, and some people still believe lettuce has soporific powers. During World War II, an extract of the wild lettuce plant was used in hospitals as a mild sedative, but later studies showed that extracts of the lettuce plant actually have little effect on people.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.948183
Retrieved Text: Hi, friends! I've been thinking a bit about our kitchen garden recently and also not thinking about it because I know there is a lot to learn. Like, a lot. I've been picking up books here and there at the library, purchasing some when I'm at the hardware store, trying to wrap my mind around, "Okay. What else do I need to do other than cut out beds and put some seeds in them?" Right? Gardening sounds so simple, and in some ways, I think it is because the average person can manage to grow some healthy tomatoes and peppers, yes? If you've been following our kitchen garden journey, you know that most of our ideas so far are just talk. We plan to have a full kitchen garden, greenhouse, and small chicken coop equipped with 3-4 chickens. It's the dream that we plan to make a reality! With that comes lots of research and careful planning, which we are not experts in, and I will never claim to be, at least not yet.
With this idea sitting in your mind, we want this journey to be one that others can follow along to and learn with us. This way you can experience our failures and essentially be a better gardener all around! So when I sat down two weeks ago and began reading and wondering what the hell do I even plant? and where? and how?! I started to get a little nervous because all I could see in my various gardening books was nitrogen, potassium,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.703178
Retrieved Text: The Latin plant name of lettuce, Lactuca Sativa, describes a cultivated plant (sativa), which has some milky liquid (lactuca) in its stems. Who would think that lettuce is a very old plant: that the ancient Egyptians were already cultivating 4000 years ago? The Romans adopted the gardening habit, probably encouraged by the fresh taste and their belief that lettuce would enhance their performance during tempus amoris. There’s an interesting clash between two beliefs here: the Anglo-Saxons called a wild cousin of lettuce ‘sleepwort’ because it had mild narcotic properties. Maybe it’s a question of skilful timing?
The lettuce is a leafy plant with many variations. The Sweet Blond belongs to the loose-leaf varieties, meaning that it doesn’t form a head. It’s a decorative baby lettuce with a sweet, mild, fresh taste. The crisp, light green leaves have pretty fringed edges. Sweet Blond grows fast, so you’ll always have something nice to garnish your cold and warm salads with. Put it in sandwiches too for some cheerful crunch and sprinkle it on pizza or savory pies.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.620274
Retrieved Text: Wild lettuce (Lactuca virosa) is also known as 'lettuce opium'. The plant has originally spread across Central and Southern Europe and North Asia. It now grows wild in many parts of Europe and it is also widespread in southern North America.
Wild lettuce is an annual but sometimes biennial plant that can grow from 60 to 150 cm tall. The leaves are spinose and toothed and the flowers light yellow and basket shaped.
Lactuca virosa can be used as a sedative. The dreamy effects are a little bit similar to opium, but milder. Wild lettuce can help reduce the feeling of restlessness and excitability.
Some Indians use the herb to enhance the vividness of dreams. They believe that induced dream states provide more information about reality than the conscious waking state.
Wild lettuce is to be used as tea: pour a cup of boiling water onto 1-2 teaspoons and let steep for 10-15 minutes. Drink three times daily.
Another method is to make an extract. Soak 100 grams of wild lettuce herb for 8 hours in warm but not boiling water. Then sift and press all the liquid out of the wild lettuce. Put the dark liquid in a pan and let it evaporate. Putting the pan in a bigger pan with boiling water will avoid burning the wild lettuce while drying. What is left is a kind of gum that can be used like opium.
Sorry, I am not interested in any high, life is too important and don't want to mess it up. I suffer from constant pain, and yeah

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.615768
Retrieved Text: Wild lettuce in appearance is very similar to thistle and dandelion. This plant was even used in 1800, and was known as “poor man’s opium” as it was used as an alternative of opium. Even nowadays water distilled from wild lettuce is still used as a mild sedative. Traditionally, it has been widely used as painkiller, sedative, sleep enhancer, edible oil, and natural remedy.
This plant has a substantial quantity of pain-killing opiates found in the resinous milky sap. When wild lettuce is gathered and dried, this substance is called lactucariumand it is comprised of these active compounds called lactupicrin, lactucin and lactucopicrin.These compounds have potent analgesic properties stronger than ibuprofen.
It was even discovered that opium lettuce was used as sedative and pain reliever long before the Victorian era; this was revealed by team of Italian scientists. The paper Lettuce, lactuca sp. is reported as a medicinal plant in 19th Century Polish Publications, quoting: “The action of the compound was weaker than that of opium, but free of the side-effects, and medical practice showed that sometimes lactucarium produced better healing impacts than opium”. It is called opium lettuce, but it really does not contain any opium only its properties resemble to the properties of opium. Aside the potent pain-relieving properties, it can successfully treat cough and reduce the symptoms of whooping cough.
Because it has the potency of a mild sedative wild lettuce very successfully treats anxiety symptoms. Likewise, it is considered to be perfect for lowering the intensity and frequency of asthma attacks.
This plant is highly helpful

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.608715
Retrieved Text: Lettuce seeds can be harvested from your lettuce crop, but according to the University of Illinois, they do not keep well and are more difficult to germinate than seeds purchased in the spring. If you decide to harvest your lettuce seeds, plant them in the spring so if they do not grow as expected, you still have time to buy other seeds and plant them during the same season.
Plant lettuce in the spring before hot weather arrives. You can also plant lettuce in the late summer for a later fall harvest. To collect the seeds, wait until the flower stalks grow and mature, usually about two to three months after planting. Flowers form in groups of 10 to 25 and will each form just one seed.
Harvest lettuce leaves when they are large enough to consume. Leave the flower stalk behind and wait three weeks after the flowers have appeared in order for the seeds to mature and dry.
Place a clear plastic bag loosely on top of the flowers if birds are eating the seeds. The seeds can continue to form and dry during this time.
Harvest the seeds by cutting off the stalks and bringing them indoors. Then hang the stalks upside down for a day indoors and out of the sun to dry.
Shake the flowers for the seeds to drop. If they don’t drop, rub the flowers with your hands until the seeds separate from the flowers.
Store lettuce seeds in a sealed container and place it in the refrigerator to plant in the spring or summer.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.566956
Retrieved Text: Lettuce (Lactuca sativa) is a cool season crop that is often overlooked when gardeners plant their vegetables. It is readily available at supermarkets and lacks the cachet that a homegrown tomato or melon delivers. However, lettuce is my most important crop, because I am a salad lover and nothing beats a salad made with an ever-changing variety of lettuce picked young and fresh from the garden.
After a couple of years of watching my winter lettuce succumb not to cold (lettuce can withstand low temperatures - mine have survived mid-20’s in years past) but to battering rain and wind, I decided that if I was going to be able to harvest lettuce reliably all winter that I needed to devise some kind of protection.
First I tried floating row covers draped over arches of flexible irrigation tubing. I weighted the row covers down with stones so that they didn’t blow away. However, picking the lettuce was problematic; I had to move the stones and ferret around underneath the cover. The fabric took the beating that formerly had been endured by the lettuce, and it began to tear and fray after only a season. So I then did what I should have done initially: I started growing lettuce in a cold frame and the results have been fantastic.
The internet is full of sites that explain how to build a simple cold frame. A typical cold frame has walls roughly 12-18” high with a hinged, angled (lower in front) glass lid that is often made out of an old window

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.553617
Retrieved Text: Wild Lettuce is a mild sedative. The leaves and stem of the plant contains a milky substance called lactucarium or Lettuce Opium. It is a sedative. It has similar effects as Opium. Dried leaves and stem of the plant are used for Tea. It possesses pain relieving, Antispasmodic, Diuretic and Euphoric properties.... We have dandelion, wild lettuce and wild milkweed, as well as butterfly weed, which is a part of the milkweed family growing in our yard, and grow wild herbs and wildflowers, so please Google “dandelion, wild lettuce and wild milkweed” before misleading others into thinking they are the same thing.
26/06/2010 · Soak 100 grams of wild lettuce herb for 8 hours in warm but not boiling water. Then sift and press all the liquid out of the wild lettuce. Put the dark liquid in a pan and let it evaporate. Putting the pan in a bigger pan with boiling water will avoid burning the wild lettuce while drying. What is left is a kind of gum that can be used like... This following method works for head lettuce or loose or bagged lettuce. Smaller leaves can be left whole, and hearty greens like Swiss chard or Dino kale to be cooked whole can be simply rinsed off. But most greens will be easier to handle, cook, and eat if broken down.
This wild edible green is known as "miner's" lettuce because it was used extensively by the California Gold Rush miners as a valued food source that provided nourishment in times of food scarcity. Its

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.495281
Retrieved Text: Another week, another downpour, more squash bugs and spider mites! This gardening season has certainly come with its share of challenges in the Demo Garden, and I’m sure you are experiencing the same things at home.
The general overview shows that things are still looking pretty green, although the tomatoes are looking a little sickly with all the spider mites. The squash are still looking pretty good, despite the onslaught of squash bugs.
The ‘Tromboncino’ squash are still producing steadily. I prefer that over getting too many zucchini! I captured this image this morning while the squash blossoms were still open. Female squash flowers have the immature fruit behind the flower and then the fruit continues to develop following pollination. I thought it was pretty neat to see how big the squash is already in this case, even before pollination! You could even harvest the squash at this point and stuff the flower with cheeses and herbs, then saute as is.
We are starting to see more squash bugs on the trellised squash. It isn’t unexpected, but nice that it held off until now. We are picking off eggs and nymphs as we see them as well as spraying once a week. We have also seen a couple of vine borers that our Master Gardeners caught early and tried the “surgery” method of cutting them out of the stems. So far we have no casualties of squash vine borers, which is a win in my book!
Our Quiet Garden area is looking beautiful right now. There are several coleus, begonia,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.470762
Retrieved Text: If you’re planning to go away over Xmas camping, on a boat, to a bach …. take your own lettuce for lovely fresh salads while you’re away. If you get a bucket (punch a few drainage holes in base), or a plastic plant pot, fill with potting mix & plant lettuce seed or seedlings, you will have a supply of edible lettuce very quickly. Take more than 1 bucket if you have more people to feed. Originally from the Mediterranean, there are many different varieties available but mainly divided into 2 groups – ‘Head ‘ lettuces which have firm tightly packed head with a central core & crisp leaves. The other group are ‘Leafy’ lettuces which have a smaller or no core, leaves can be picked individually and are softer & looser. The leafy types eg buttercrunch, oak & coral are ideal for the bucket so you can pick individual leaves as you require them without waste.
Iceberg – a ‘head’ type. The leaves are crunchy and have a mild flavour. The outer leaves are a darker green; the central leaves are pale green. The leaves are cupped, hold their shape and can be used to hold fillings.
Cosberg – A cross between iceberg and a cos lettuce, it has boat-shaped leaves and the taste of iceberg with a hint of Christmas green peas. Its crunchy texture is suited to salads. This lettuce holds its shape when heated making it possible to serve the cupped leaves filled with hot foods. They are also a good wrapping leaf.
Butterhead or

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To cook perfectly golden pancakes,

Choice 1: keep the temperature high and cook quickly.

Choice 2: keep the temperature low for a longer time.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.625076
Retrieved Text: Learn how to make banana pancakes that the whole family will ask for again and again. This recipe for banana pancakes from scratch is just as easy as whipping up the traditional kind. This recipe for banana pancakes from scratch is just as easy as �... Pancakes are a splendid scrumptious breakfast meals, but if they are not made right, they are not pretty so excellent scrumptious. They may be hard, doughy, chewy, burnt, or any other quantity of defects.
Golden Pancakes. Nothing's as good as Golden. Scrumptious, fluffy and easy to serve. No artificial colours or flavours. Nothing's as good as Golden. Scrumptious, fluffy and easy to serve.... It is International Pancake Day today and if you don't want to end up with an eggy, floury mess where there should be golden brown pancakes, you had better read the following advice.
This is a recipe passed down from my grandmother. My mum called them 'on the farm' pancakes. These are amazing with maple syrup, golden syrup, lemon curd, Nutella � how to cook scrambled eggs on a grill Pancakes are a super delicious breakfast food, but if they aren't made right, they aren't quite so super delicious. They can be tough, doughy, chewy, burnt, or any other number of defects.
Rise and shine with these Golden Pancakes. Golden, fluffy, and perfectly sweet, these pancakes have everything you need to take on the morning. Enjoy every bite and add some flavor to your morning. Golden, fluffy, and perfectly sweet, these pancakes have everything you need to take on the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.0035
Retrieved Text: I had an old pancake recipe up from the earliest days of my food blogging and back then I thought it was pretty good. But honestly, while they were perfectly edible, they were rather flat and lifeless. So today I’m sharing with you an updated recipe that will result in perfectly fluffy and absolutely delightful pancakes every single time.
What are pancakes without maple syrup and fruit?
Never use xanthan gum or any other gum or binder in your gluten-free pancakes. If your gluten-free mix has it already included as an ingredient, find another! The xanthan gum will make the pancakes chewy and give you a texture that’s really, really not pleasing.
For the perfect batter, use a ratio of four parts of flour to three parts of vegan milk.
After you mix your batter, let it sit for at least ten minutes. That gives enough time for the lemon juice to activate the baking soda and baking powder and create those beautiful air pockets that will make your pancakes light and fluffy.
Heat your pan on high for a few minutes to get a nice even heat and then turn it down to low-medium for cooking your pancakes. I use a well-seasoned cast iron pan to cook my pancakes in, which holds the heat nicely and evenly.
Be patient! Don’t try to rush your pancake making. Allow the pancakes to lift from the bottom of the pan at the sides and to get to a nice golden brown before you flip them.
I use Bob’s Red Mill all-purpose gluten-free flour for my

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.595993
Retrieved Text: Brown your butter: In a small pot over medium heat, cook the butter until it starts to foam and smell toasty. Looks for the visual cues of the milk solids turning a golden brown.... Flip the pancakes and then continue cooking until the other side is golden brown (about 3 minutes on each side). Serve warm with maple syrup or homemade brown butter pecan syrup! Before we go over how to make the syrup, you need to know how to brown butter.
Put butter or oil in the pan and make sure it covers the pan entirely so your pancake doesn�t stick. Oil is healthier, butter makes pancakes golden brown. Oil is healthier, butter makes pancakes golden brown.... If your pancakes are golden brown on the outside but not cooked all the way through, reduce the heat! That way they have more time to cook properly. That way they have more time to cook properly. What can I do if my pancakes aren�t fluffy?
When the pancake starts to bubble on top and is golden brown on the cooked side, turn it and continue cooking until both sides are golden brown. The first pancake is always a bit of a test so adjust the batter by adding more flour if you need to make it thicker or more milk if you want a thinner pancake.... Cook the pancakes for 1 minute more. Peek under the pancakes to make sure they are golden brown. Transfer them to a baking sheet and cover loosely with foil to keep warm.
The pancake

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.574213
Retrieved Text: How To Make Red Velvet Heart Beet Pancakes.
Red Velvet Heart Beet Pancakes anyone?
Perfect for Pancake Day and for a lover’s Valentine’s Day breakfast.
Deliciously fluffy American style pancakes get the Red Velvet treatment with the addition of sweet cooked beetroot.
Just perfect for sharing with that special someone.
1. Place the beetroot in a bowl along with the milk and blend with a hand blender until perfectly smooth. Alternatively, you could do this in a blender for a smooth result. Once blended add the Golden Syrup, beaten eggs and whisk. Sieve in flour and baking powder and whisk well.
2. Oil your heart shaped rings and add a little oil to a heated frying pan. Place the rings in the pan and spoon some of the mixture in. Nudge the batter around to fill in all of the ring and don’t be tempted to overfill.
3. Gently cook for 3-4 minutes until just set, then carefully remove the rings, turn the pancakes over and cook for another 2-3 minutes or until cooked through. Keep warm whilst you cook the remaining pancakes.
Golden Syrup and beat well.
5. To serve, place two hearts on each warmed plate, add a spoonful of the cream cheese mixture and then drizzle with the remaining Golden Syrup.
You can use ready cooked fresh, vac-packed beetroot in natural juices for this dish if you don’t have the time to roast your own beetroot. The resulting colour will be a little less vibrant but the flavour will still be great.
What do you think of these Red Velvet Heart Beet Pancakes?
Fancy making

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.964111
Retrieved Text: Woke up early during the weekends and decided to make pancakes for breakfast. Got all the ingredients ready and realised that there are no eggs left in the fridge! *Gasp* Hence, the eggless pancake.
Simply browsed the Internet and got some ideas to make this simple and extremely basic pancakes without having to add egg. Although not the best plain tasting pancakes, but with basic toppings of butter and honey, the pancakes were awesome. Thankfully, there were some leftovers of strawberries and the recently bought Nutella. The pancakes tasted so much better and even looked nicer too.
Wanted to make pancakes for breakfast and realised that we ran out of eggs. Hence, the eggless pancake.
Add in milk and oil into the mixing bowl and mix them well.
Do not over-mix. Lumps are perfectly fine. Set aside for a couple of minutes.
Heat up pan at medium-high heat and add butter to melt and spread all over the pan.
Pour half a ladle or 4 tablespoon of the batter on the pan for each pancake.
Allow to cook until bubbles appear on the surface of the pancake.
Flip the pancake and cook until its golden brown.
If you notice the last few pancakes at the bottom are more chocolatey, well, that’s because I added a spoonful of Nutella into the batter just to try. Turns out, you can’t really taste Nutella in the pancake. Heh.. Best to just add on Nutella on the cooked pancakes itself and not before.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.226309
Retrieved Text: Mash bananas in a large bowl until smooth. Mix in eggs and peanut butter until well combined, then mix in remaining ingredients.
Heat a skillet to medium and add in a scoop of the pancake batter. Smooth out to form an even layer. Cook for about 2-3 minutes until you start to see bubbles releasing from the top of the batter. Flip and cook until the other side is golden brown, about 1-2 minutes.
Garnish your pancakes with your favorite toppings! We used banana slices, dark chocolate chips and maple syrup.
For a really smooth pancake, i used my magic bullet blender to blend the bananas and eggs together, i also doubled the oats so that the batter would be stiffer and blended those so that they had a flour-like texture. Worked out perfectly for a quick and easy breakfast!
I made this pancakes for my kids and they love them they’re really yummy.
i basically mixed everything in a blender. i replaced the pb with almond butter, added a little honey, & went without the chocolate chips. tastes great!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.949608
Retrieved Text: I live in the heart of peach country, South Carolina, and there are multiple peach farms near my home, making me feel obligated to eat them at least a couple times a week. In other words, you’re going to see a lot of peach recipes this summer!
Sweet Peach Pancakes are a first for me. This is a recipe published in Southern Living magazine last summer and it’s wonderfully suited for a lazy, weekend summer morning. With a mixture of cornmeal and soft-wheat flour, these pancakes have the wonderful flavor of cornmeal, without being heavy. The cornmeal pairs perfectly with the sweet, juicy peaches.
The recipe calls for soft-wheat flour and you might be wondering what it is. Soft wheat flours contain a type of wheat that has a low protein content as well as a low gluten content. White Lily brand of flour is a soft wheat flour and is very popular amongst southerners for making biscuits and cakes. Martha White is another brand.
If you can’t find a soft wheat flour at your local market, you can order White Lily from Amazon or try a mixture of cake flour and regular all-purpose flour.
When pouring the batter, pour it slowly over the peaches and start at the outside corners of the peaches or the batter will move the peaches all over the place. Cook until pancakes are golden brown on each side and serve with whipped cream and maple syrup for a delicious, in-season Sweet Peach Pancakes breakfast.
In a large bowl, whisk together first 6 ingredients. In a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.889141
Retrieved Text: There’s pancakes, and then there’s pancakes. Truth be told, I’ve never been a fan of pancakes. Unless we’re talking about Mickey Mouse shaped pancakes at Walt Disney World. But if we’re talking about the somewhat soggy pancakes made from the mix that leaves a plaster-like aftertaste…well in that case, I’ll pass. Have I mentioned that I also don’t like syrup? How very un-American of me.
I was perfectly content being a non-pancake eater. Until I read “Pancakes” by Evan Hunter a few weeks ago. He begins and ends his short story with the phrase “You have to understand pancakes.” I apparently did not understand pancakes, and certainly not in the way that Mr. Hunter did. He had a deeply emotional philosophy about pancakes as an experience. Unlike myself, he wasn’t fussy about the box mixes. He begins his instructions with, “You buy yourself any one of the commercial mixes…” (Do yourself a favor and make your own pancake mix. It takes 30 seconds. Literally.) Suddenly I got the itch to find a pancake recipe that would convert me.
And then there were Banana Poppy Seed Pancakes with Caramel-Banana Syrup. These particular pancakes are sublime. I cannot think of another way to describe them. They’re decadent. They’re definitely impressive if you’re looking for an extra special breakfast for a loved one or a special occasion. Or for lunch on a Wednesday, in my case.
What’s the big deal about these pancakes? They’re flavorful all on their own. They aren’t merely a vessel for delivering syrup to ones lips on a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.45948
Retrieved Text: After making these, I came to realize there's even such a thing as two-ingredient pancakes. That calls for just a banana and an egg. I think I'm going to stick with adding the two tablespoons of whole wheat flour. I like having that bit of flour to give these pancakes a bit more structure. I think it must also make them a bit less fragile and easier to cook/flip on the cooktop.
As you can see, the batter is runny but ladle it onto your griddle and they hold up just fine. Let them cook thoroughly until set and golden on one side, then carefully flip them over and finish for another minute or so.
If you like bananas, this is a wholesome pancake to throw into your rotation.
Mash the banana in a wide rimmed plate with a fork. Add flour and egg (as well as vanilla extract or another add-in, if using), whisking until combined.
Heat a non-stick pan or griddle over medium-high heat. Very lightly spray with cooking spray. Spoon batter onto griddle into 3 pancakes. Let cook for about 2 minutes, until edges set, bubbles begin to surface, and the bottom is golden. Flip and let cook another 1-2 minutes. Serve immediately with desired toppings.
A magic fruit...couldn't agree more, Monica. These look fantastic! I made some pancakes with just eggs and banana before...very delicious too.
I gotta have my bananas! And good to know it's good with the 2 ingredients as well...perfect for those who have to avoid gluten.
Thank you for sharing this wonderful recipe! I will

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.251785
Retrieved Text: This form of batter that was fried and considered a flat cake dates back 30,000 years ago. Amelia Simmons’s was the first known American to have a cookbook published which included pancake recipes back in 1796.
Heat a griddle or large skillet over medium; brush with oil. Working in batches, scoop ⅓-cupfuls of batter onto griddle. Cook pancakes until bottoms are golden brown and bubbles form on top, about 3 minutes. Flip and cook until cooked through and other side of pancakes are golden brown, about 2 minutes longer. Serve pancakes with maple syrup.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.981602
Retrieved Text: Prepare delicious homemade crepes has never been so easy and fast. Thanks to the crêpe maker TS36 you will get thin crepes, soft and perfectly golden in minutes, for your nutritious breakfast or a healthy snack for the whole family. Once the crêpe maker is warm, simply dip the plate directly into the batter and cook for a few seconds: thanks to the excellent non-stick surface with a diameter of 20 cm, you will always have perfect crepes. You can also use your crêpe maker to heat tortillas, wraps, pancakes and muffins without burns in a minute.
Fill in the form below to request information on: Crepe maker - TS36.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.769842
Retrieved Text: or a stack o American pancakes!
Heat your pan with no oil, spoon batter onto pan to cook. When bubbles appear on the surface flip them over to cook until golden on each side.
Nigella makes 15 pancakes about 8cm in diameter from this mix, but we like nice big pancakes and get 6 or 7 big ones out of it.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.706469
Retrieved Text: Grate potatoes and onion into a bowl or pulse in food processor. Drain any excess liquid, then add the eggs, matzo meal, salt and pepper.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Spoon the mixture into hot oil forming small pancakes. Cook until underside is golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip pancakes and cook until other side is golden and potatoes are cooked through, about 2 minutes more. Serve hot with sour cream or applesauce.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.619137
Retrieved Text: WATCH OUR VIDEO and try our recipe! Ahh, Pancakes! Who could say no to them? They can make any breakfast or dinner amazing!
Pancakes recipe: Preparing the Pancakes is simple! First, mix flour and eggs.
Add oil, salt, sugar and finally the milk.
Grease a pan with oil and heat it up.
Add the dough and cook until golden in just a few minutes.
When ready, turn it over and cook the other side as well.
Good luck preparing the Pancakes! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.60158
Retrieved Text: This foolproof recipe for golden brown, delicious pancakes is so simple, you can use it to teach kids who are learning how to cook.
Stir the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl.
Beat the egg, milk and 2 tablespoons oil in a small bowl with a fork or whisk. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and stir just until combined.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch skillet or a griddle over medium-high heat. Pour 1/4 cup batter into the skillet for each pancake. Cook for 1 minute or until bubbles form on the pancake surface and the edges are dry. Turn and cook until golden. Remove the pancakes from the skillet and keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding additional oil as needed.
Serving Suggestion: Serve with maple syrup, fruit syrup or honey, sliced fruit or fresh berries.
Tip: You can keep the pancakes warm in a 200°F. oven in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Pancakes are often the first thing we learn how to cook. Why? They’re easy and oh-so delicious!
These pretty berries add tart-sweet flavor to any number of dishes.
Cornmeal’s many culinary uses make it deliciously versatile.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.552757
Retrieved Text: A stack of fluffy, golden pancakes is the perfect starting place for a standout brunch, delivering piping hot cakes with distinct sweet tang and an open, airy texture.
Buttermilk was a must. It contributed to the pancakes’ flavor and, with some leavening help from small amounts of baking powder and baking soda, it also created pancakes with better texture. But we craved even more tang, so we whisked in some sour cream for a concentrated boost.
Love to cook at home? Want to learn some new skills in the kitchen? Find “America’s Test Kitchen” on Kansas City PBS in our schedule and watch at 11 a.m. on Saturdays.
To keep our pancakes as light and fluffy as possible, we avoided overmixing the batter, which would overdevelop the gluten and make the pancakes tough. After a brief rest to relax the gluten, we portioned the batter into a hot, lightly oiled skillet. From there, our cakes needed just a few minutes per side to turn beautifully golden brown.
To ensure all our guests would enjoy fresh, hot pancakes, we kept the cakes warm while we finished the remaining batches by transferring the finished pancakes to a warm oven until it was time to serve. Getting the skillet hot enough before making the pancakes is key. An electric griddle set to 350 F can also be used to cook the pancakes.
Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 200 F. Set wire rack in rimmed baking sheet and place in oven.
Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.21441
Retrieved Text: This delicious recipe for lemon-ricotta poppy seed pancakes is an interesting twist on breakfast and is courtesy of Joan Nathan's "The New American Cooking."
1. Place egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Beat until they form firm, glossy peaks.
2. In a large bowl, beat together ricotta, butter, egg yolks, and vanilla. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, sugar, salt, lemon zest, and poppy seeds. Using a rubber spatula, stir flour mixture into ricotta mixture.
3. Fold a large spoonful of whipped egg whites into ricotta mixture. Continue folding in remaining egg whites.
4. Coat a griddle or large skillet with oil and heat over high heat until very hot, then reduce heat to medium. Working in batches, place 1/4 cup batter for each pancake on griddle, leaving space, as they will spread. Cook until golden and top begins to bubble, about 2 minutes. Gently turn and continue cooking until bottoms are light brown. Transfer to a serving plate and keep warm until all the pancakes have cooked. Serve with maple syrup and berries.
I've been searching for a good lemon ricotta pancake recipe for a while now and this is absolutely the best. The pancakes are incredibly light and fluffy, just the right amount of lemon tartness and perfectly sweet. These are definitely a new breakfast favorite.
these pancakes are just lovely! (i wanted my batter a little more runny so i substituted 1/2 cup of ricotta for milk... worked great) definitely a new favorite. and yes, martha is right...toast

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.20547
Retrieved Text: These mini whole-wheat and oatmeal pancakes are a satisfying way to start your day. They're flavored with yummy spices and topped with warm, sautéed apples and maple syrup. Close your eyes and you may just think you're eating apple pie for breakfast!
Prepare Sautéed Apples: Core and coarsely chop cooking apples. In a large skillet cook apples in hot oil over medium-high heat until apples are golden brown. Sprinkle with apple pie spice. Keep warm.
Prepare Spiced Oatmeal Pancakes: Place rolled oats in a blender or food processor. Cover and blend or process until very fine, resembling flour. In a large bowl, combine ground oats, white whole-wheat flour, brown sugar, baking powder, apple pie spice and salt.
For each pancake, pour about 1 tablespoon batter onto a hot, lightly greased griddle or heavy skillet. Cook over medium heat for 1 to 2 minutes on each side or until pancakes are golden brown, turning to second side when pancakes have bubbly surfaces and edges are slightly dry. Serve warm with Sautéed Apples and maple syrup.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.15455
Retrieved Text: These pancakes are perfect for holidays, house guests or lazy weekends. Surprise your partner with breakfast in bed and score some major brownie points! All of the prep work is done the night before allowing you to create a beautiful stack of pancakes in about 20 minutes the next day.
My sweet friend recently travelled across the country and brought me back the most delicious partridge berry syrup. If you can find this, use it! One of the things I love most about food is it’s ability to allow you to explore new cultures and traditions without leaving home. If you can’t find partridge berry syrup top these with pure maple syrup, butter, honey blueberries, honey peaches, coconut cream or whipped cream.
In the morning take your bowl out of the fridge. Heat a pan over medium heat. I love my cast iron, but use what you have. Once your pan is hot carefully scoop your batter into your pan. I use a 1/4 cup measuring cup and it works perfectly. Be gentle with the batter as bubbles will have developed overnight and we don’t want to break them, giving you fluffy cloudlike pancakes. Cook until bubbles cover the exposed side of the pancake. Flip the pancake and continue cooking until both sides are golden. If the pancake burns before the middle is cooked, reduce the heat a little. Stack and eat!
This entry was posted in main, vegan, vegetarian and tagged breakfast, christmas, dairy free, easy, nut free, overnight, pancakes, soy free, vegan. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.10826
Retrieved Text: Sift the flour with salt and baking powder. Add spinach puree and milk and mix it without lumps.
Add more milk if needed to make semi thick consistency.
Heat a nonstick pan , grease with oil. Pour batter, spread it evenly to make thin pancake.
Cook both sides in low flame till it starts changing the colour.
Make all the pancakes in this way.
Boil the corn till tender. Drain the water and keep aside.
Finely chop onion, tomato and green chillies.
Heat 2 tbsp of oil, add onions and fry till golden brown. Add chopped tomato and green chillies and cook till soft.
Add corn and salt. Stir well then add mustard paste.
cook for one minute then switch off the flame.
Put some filling in pancakes and roll it up.
Keep the rolled pancakes in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.
Arrange them in baking dish and brush each pancake with oil and bake in preheated oven at 180C for 15 minutes or until it is golden brown on top.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.067131
Retrieved Text: Cook until edges are dry. Turn; cook until golden.
Cook these cakes on a true cast-iron griddle or in a large cast-iron skillet. Use a 1/4-cup measuring cup to scoop the batter onto the hot pan (it’s ready when a drop of water sizzles on the surface), then don’t turn them until they puff up and bubbles form on top. Flip them just once, cooking until just golden brown.
Rather than stirring ingredients into the batter, spoon a little batter onto the griddle then add sliced banana, raspberries, blueberries, or bits of a good chocolate bar, then top with another spoonful of batter. Then no one gets short-changed and every cake is filled with extras.
Mix pancake batter in a measuring cup or bowl with handle and spout. Then you can easily pour batter onto a griddle.
Don't flip 'em more than once! Repeated cooking on both sides toughens rather than browns the pancakes.
Keep pancakes warm until ready to serve by placing them uncovered in a single layer on a paper towel-lined cookie sheet in a 200°F oven.
Freeze leftover pancakes stacked between sheets of waxed paper, then wrapped in foil or a plastic freezer bag. Pop a couple unwrapped cakes into the toaster, spread with peanut butter mixed with some maple syrup, and send them out the door with the kids.
If you like thin pancakes, use 1 1/2 cups milk.
Sure, pancakes taste great when you’re enjoying a leisurely Sunday brunch at your favorite weekend hangout. But they’ll taste just as great if you get to stay in your pajamas, mix

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.975773
Retrieved Text: Potatoes are the second bread. At least, that's what they think in Belarus. With potatoes Belarusians are able to cook a wide variety of dishes, including draniki. This is a very tasty, satisfying dish, easy to prepare, but requires some free time. I will tell you how to cook potato pancakes, if you have not learned to do so until now.
How to cook potato pancakes?
Draniks are a traditional Belarusian dish, although somethingsimilar is in the culinary and other countries. So, in Ukraine draniki are called derunami, in Russia - teruntsy, in the Czech Republic - brahmoraks, and in America - hashbraun. I repeat, these are only very similar dishes, but not the same. Interestingly, even in the case of the preparation of pancakes, a considerable number of recipes were developed. Someone thinks that potatoes can be cooked only from potatoes, which was rubbed on a very small grater. There are also those who do everything on the contrary, i.e. for baking dishes uses only potatoes, grated on a large grater. It is also interesting that even the potato mass itself is of three kinds. The tarred potato mass, which is most often used for the preparation of pancakes, the blade mass (the potato is filtered), and also the boiled mass. Draniki from boiled potatoes are also very tasty and satisfying. Well, let's look at how to cook potato pancakes.
We need fresh carpetol, salt, flour. Wash potatoes, peel and grate on a fine grater. If you have very little time left, you can entrust this process to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.96195
Retrieved Text: Why does the first batch of pancakes turn out with splotchy, brown spots?
We’ve all experienced the annoying phenomenon of having the first batch of pancakes turn out splotched with brown spots, while subsequent batches come out evenly golden. Here’s why: When fresh oil hits a hot pan, the surface tension of the oil causes it to bead together into little droplets, leaving some of the pan bottom without a coating. Since bare metal conducts heat better than oil, when you ladle your batter into the pan, the spots directly in contact with uncoated metal will cook faster than those touching oil. By the time you get to your second batch of pancakes, the oil has undergone chemical changes that make the molecules less prone to clustering. What’s more, the first batch of pancakes has absorbed much of the oil, leaving only a thin film that’s more likely to be evenly distributed across the pan.
For spot-free pancakes from the get-go, start by applying oil to an unheated pan or griddle. Allow the oil to heat up over medium heat for at least one minute, then use a paper towel to wipe away all but a thin, barely visible layer to prevent sticking. The pancakes should cook up golden brown from the first batch to the last.
SEEING SPOTS : Tiny droplets of oil that cluster together rather than spread out cause light patches on the first batch of pancakes.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.8496
Retrieved Text: Truly tender, fluffy pumpkin pancakes topped with walnut streusel. An unusual, yet amazingly delicious fall pancake!
I mean it. Amazingly, delicious.
Better than plain pancakes. Waaaaay better.
I love topping pancakes with streusel. It takes an ordinary pancake to new heights!!
– Part of the all purpose flour is replaced with almond flour. Almond flour is naturally gluten free and bumps up the nutritive value of the pancakes as well.
– Just like creating a tender pastry dough, butter is mixed into the dry flour mixture, which reduces the gluten formation further and contributes to an amazingly soft pancake.
– The tried and proven-true ingredient for an amazingly soft pancake – buttermilk.
1. Stir together brown sugar, walnuts and cinnamon in a small bowl and set aside.
1. Whisk together first 6 ingredients (flour through salt) in a large bowl . Add butter, work with your fingertips into the flour, until it resembles coarse sand. Set aside.
2. Whisk eggs, pumpkin puree and buttermilk together in another medium bowl , pour into the flour mixture and stir together with a rubber spatula until it just comes together. Do not over mix.
3. Pre heat a griddle or a large non-stick saute pan over medium heat. (When do you know the griddle is ready ? Sprinkle few drops of water and if it dances then you are good to go).
4. Spread a dab of butter all over the pan, pour 1/2 cup batter , spacing pancakes few inches apart. Evenly sprinkle 1 heaped tablespoon of streusel on top of each pancake, press gently with the back of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.820713
Retrieved Text: Mix well but do not over-beat. Cook in large pan or griddle.
MawMaw adds: To prevent tough or rubbery pancakes, add cooking spray or oil to the preheated pan; pour batter and heat until the dough's air bubbles create tiny caverns on the pancake's surface and the edge turns a golden brown. Turn once and remove as soon as the under-surface is brown. Depending on thickness and temperature of the griddle, pancakes should cook for about 1 1/2 to 2 minutes on each side.
Serve with favorite syrup. This recipe can be doubled for large families. If cooking for large families, remove pancakes to a warm cookie sheet or platter and cover with a lightly moist towel until all pancakes are cooked.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.781237
Retrieved Text: Whisk wheat flour, sugar, baking soda and salt in bowl until blended and set aside. In a separate bowl, whisk together buttermilk with eggs.
Using a wooden spoon, stir wet ingredients into dry ingredients until just combined. Add melted butter, then blueberries, and stir gently.
Heat a non-stick griddle or pan over medium heat. Let a few drops of cold water fall on the surface. If bounces, sputters or instantly evaporates, your pan is ready.
Pour 1/4 cup of the batter onto the skillet. Cook for 2 minutes, or until bubbles that appear on the surface are beginning to break and bottom is golden.
Turn pancakes over, cook 1 minute or until lightly golden.
Place pancakes on heatproof platter and keep warm in a 200 degree preheated oven.
A berry delicious pancake recipe courtesy of Driscoll's Berries. Picture perfect, healthier than usual pancakes.
Recipe number 2972. Submitted 1/7/2011.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.730675
Retrieved Text: Regular vegan pancakes are one thing but whole wheat vegan pancakes are a whole other beast. I added just 1/4 cup all purpose flour and 1/2 tablespoon cocoa powder to help make it fluffier. You don't taste the cocoa much. Ever notice how vegan chocolate cakes always turn out perfectly tender? There is something, maybe the acidity of cocoa, that gives chocolate cake that extra lift. So that was my thinking, that a little cocoa powder could do the same for a whole wheat pancake, and it works. These are pretty darn good and fluffy for a whole wheat vegan pancake.
Want to know what others thought about this recipe? Would you like to comment on this recipe? Go to the Whole Wheat Vegan Pancakes blog entry.
Before you start let me just say that I think it's very important that you use almond milk as stated in my recipe. I've tried all types of non-dairy milk to make these. The almond milk always results in a better taste and fluffier pancake. Soy milk especially I hate. Soy milk when heated has an off flavor and for some reason makes a gummy pancake. Almond milk is also lower in calories.
In a small mixing bowl mix together dry ingredients, then add wet and fold together slowly. Do not stir too much because it could result in a gummy and rubbery pancake. Fold and lightly stir until you have a lumpy mixture.
I find that pancakes cook best on a heavy cast iron skillet. Thin metal skillets just don't absorb heat

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.729097
Retrieved Text: Like a lot of you, we went bananas for the popular 2-ingredient, paleo-friendly pancake recipe that’s been such a huge hit on social media — just eggs and bananas! But we thought there was one thing missing: chocolate.
So we added cocoa powder and made these chocolatey, fruity, scrumptious and satisfying pancakes that won’t compromise most dietary restrictions (since they’re free of dairy, sugar, and flour).
Place the cocoa powder, banana, and eggs intp a blender along with any optional upgrades. Blend until the mixture is whipped and homogenous, about 1-2 minutes depending on your blender.
Preheat your oven to 200°F/95°C. Heat a griddle or nonstick pan over medium heat. Coat the pan with cooking spray or melt a little butter or coconut oil in the pan, if you like.
Spoon about 2 tablespoons (1 ounce) of batter into the hot pan. If using any mix-ins, add them to the pancakes at this time (while the first side is cooking). Cook the pancakes until they're golden brown on the first side, about 1 minute. Carefully flip the pancakes and cook on the second side until golden brown and set, another 1-2 minutes. Transfer the cooked pancakes to a baking sheet and cover loosely with aluminum foil while you cook the remaining pancakes.
Serve warm with toppings, if desired.
Buzzing your batter in the blender helps to whip more air into the batter and give these pancakes a little lift, but they do turn out a bit thinner and more crepe-like than your typical pancakes. That just makes them perfect for rolling up

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.595934
Retrieved Text: It’s cold this morning…there’s a freeze on the cars outside. Inside, we’re cuddled in blankets and making Pumpkin Pancakes. I usually double this recipe and we make a bunch to freeze. Then, on busy mornings, we reheat them in the toaster or microwave.
Stir together flour, sugar, baking powder, spices and salt.
Combine egg, milk and puree/oil; add all at once to flour mixture, stirring until blended but slightly lumpy.
Pour 1/4 cup batter onto hot, greased griddle or heavy skillet for each pancake.
Cook until golden brown, turning to cook other side when pancakes have a bubbly surface and slightly dry edges. Makes about eight 4-inch pancakes or 30 dollar-sized pancakes.
Making pancakes from scratch really doesn’t take a lot more time than using a mix. If you keep the ingredients on hand regularly, you get the hang of it! If this looks too complicated for you, try my more basic recipe Whole Wheat Pancakes.
This Pumpkin Pancakes recipe is linked up to Balancing Beauty and Bedlam’s Tasty Tuesday.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.54678
Retrieved Text: How to make pancakes like a short order cook. Just avoid these common mistakes!
For many Americans, pancakes evoke a certain kind of nostalgia. People make pancakes because they're delicious, crowd-pleasing, and easy. Well, sort of easy. There are a few crucial mistakes that home chefs commonly make when cooking this classic morning dish. We chatted with senior associate food editor Claire Saffitz and test kitchen contributor Alfia Muzio about pancakes woes, and how to avoid them.
1. Using Crappy/Old Flour, Butter, Etc.
For something as subtle as pancakes, the quality of your ingredients is extremely important—even the baking soda, which is responsible for making pancakes fluffy. Your baking soda should be less than 6 months old—or else it won't do its job, which is to increase the volume of the pancake when it hits the hot pan. For wet ingredients, we love buttermilk. Its acids react with the baking soda, giving your pancakes even more lift and imparting a subtle tang. If you only have milk at your disposal, add a squeeze of lemon to it before mixing into your dry ingredients—the acidity is important in balancing your pancakes' flavors.
Lumps are actually okay! Stir your batter until the dry and wet ingredients are just incorporated. That means mixing until the flour streaks have disappeared, but leaving the pesky lumps. If you over-mix, the gluten will develop from the flour in your batter, making your pancakes chewy instead of fluffy.
No! You can't make your batter the night before, or even an hour before you make your pancakes. It all

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: Sentence: generate poetry by using random words.

Choice 1: Find a bunch of letters you like, about 150 of them.  Print them on paper and cut them from one another.  Place the paper pieces in a cup.  Turn the cup upside down. Rewrite the letters you can see as words, add a few of your own and call it poetry.

Choice 2: Find a bunch of words you like, about 50 of them.  Print them on paper and cut them from one another.  Place the paper pieces in a cup.  Turn the cup upside down. Rewrite the words you can see, add a few of your own and call it poetry.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.985502
Retrieved Text: In an earlier article, I wrote about using iLangGen to generate natural language text. iLangGen is a powerful text generation library that I have been working on over the years. Today, I would like to show how we can use that library to generate “poetry“. Be warned, however, that the generated poem is devoid of meaning and coherence, similar to what I had generated with the RiTa library. The idea is to show the kind of interesting things that one can do with iLangGen.
First, we need to get words with interesting patterns and properties, for example, “adjectives” that end in “ate“, or “verbs” with 4 syllables, and so on. For this I use my iLexicon as backend.
The LHS is a variable that gets bound to the evaluated expression on the RHS.
You will notice that in some of the productions, the RHS involves invoking a function to dynamically fetch a word from the word list. For instance, the production with “adjective” as the LHS gets a random adjective from our word list.
When the generator decides to generate a line according to “pat3“, for instance, it will use “AdjPhrase” grammar and one of its non-terminals “phrase3“, “phrase5“, or “phrase6” at random.
Each group of patterns defines a “stanza” or “para“.
If we execute the function again, passing the same set of arguments as patterns, we are guaranteed to get a new poem. The text is not repeated!
As you can see, generating text of arbitrary nature, including poems, is possible with iLangGen. Of course, to get acceptable quality, considerable effort needs

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.691761
Retrieved Text: Watts is hardly a household name anymore, unless you’re a Protestant church musician or a Sacred Harp singer, but in his own way he was one of the most influential poets in the English language. He wrote hymns for church use, including English translations of many of the Psalms. His best-known poems include Joy to the World, O God Our Help in Ages Past, and This is the Day the Lord Has Made.
His poems have extremly consistent meter. The majority are in Common Meter (also known as “what Emily Dickinson wrote in” or “that kind of stanza that you can sing to the tune of the Gilligan’s Island theme song”), and nearly all the rest are in some other iambic meter.
Within his poems, the meter is extremely regular. This sets him apart from the other famous Common Meter author, Emily Dickinson, whose poetry stretches the rules quite a bit.
He was incredibly prolific, credited with over 750 hymns.
He revisits the same imagery again and again in his poems — mostly themes from the Bible and from nature.
The first two features make his poetic meter very easy for a computer to imitate. The next two solve some problems with data sparseness that come up when you try to generate text from a limited corpus.
Choose a corpus — a source text that you want to imitate.
Given a word w[n-1], generate the next word w[n] by consulting the corpus: find words which are present after w[n-1] in the corpus, and choose one of them randomly.
Step 3 can be repeated as

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.705057
Retrieved Text: Plinko Poetry is an interactive installation that allows users to create blackout poetry using current news titles from different news sources. The interface allows people to remove words from their original context to become a playful and satirical reminder of their meaning. / Players can pick a disc and insert the disc into the top slot on Plinko Poetry machine. The peg board in the front of the machine will alter discâ€™s path in random direction, and the words behind the disc will be immediately highlighted. In this way, the machine blackouts all other words and displays a poem only with the words selected by the disc. Then the thermal printer below the display will print out the poem for players.
Deqing Sun is a New York based creative technologist. He graduated from NYU, ITP and has worked in Parallel Development and ESI Design. He designed architectural art installation during the day and becomes a maker and hacker at night.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.642466
Retrieved Text: Many of the 32 poems in this collection were inspired by dreams. Others arose in Laura’s poetry and writing workshops using words and phrases drawn at random. She calls this creative dance with chance Juxtaprise.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.865442
Retrieved Text: You might have noticed, I titled this post “... of Making ...” instead of “... of Being ...” and you'll get to know why. So, I thought, who would write poetry like me after I die? To address the issue at hand, I started thinking of ways I could use my knowledge of Machine Learning to build a bot that could be trained by my poems and the way I write, and be smart enough to spit out rhymes when required.
The simplest and the most trivial step in this quest is to write a Markov chain text generator. A Markov chain (in layman language) is a chain in which state changes are probabilistic and a future state depends just on the present state and is independent of past states.
So, how will this work?
The first step will be to get a collection of poems (or any text for that matter) which will be used as the corpus. Now, using our training database (the corpus) we will look for all triplets (three words in succession) and will make a map of all words which can come after two words. The current state of our Markov chain will be represented by the last two words in our sentence.
To begin, choose two successive words from the database at random. Look into the map and check which possible words can come after those two words. Choose one of them at random and continue.
An example of the method follows.
Input text: Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.627937
Retrieved Text: Do you have a favorite number? Mine is 5. You can pick your own number for this challenge or use a deck of cards or a pair of dice to come up with a random one. Same with the letter. Pick your own or draw a letter from a word game. Have fun!
1) Pick a number between 1 and 10.
3) Write a poem using that many syllables (or that many words) on each line.
4) Use as many words as possible beginning with your letter.
5) Write at least seven lines. Play with those words.
*Kelly Bennett and I began this 7-Minute Poetry Challenge over 750 days ago. We now take turns creating our own prompts to share with you. If you join us in the 7-Minute Poetry Challenge let us know by posting the title, a note, or if you want, the whole dang poem. Scroll down and click on the comments!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.274279
Retrieved Text: It has absolutely no relation to software roulette, which use RNG (random number generators).Is it possible to predict the sequence of numbers of a random number generator.
Use alliteration for names like Peter Parker or Susan Summers.The random number generator in a slot machine determines the winning and losing combinations.I was working on a blog post this weekend that required a list of random numbers.
The free online random word generator tool allows you to create any number of random words you need for your project.
Mads Haahr, moderator and operator of random.org, a random number generator, wrote in an e-mail that Internet data encryption is one of the most common applications of random numbers.Random numbers are commonly used for data encryption, selecting random samples for research, and of course, for lotteries and gambling.In number ranges from 1 to 10 and 19 to 28, odd numbers are red and even are black. The first thing to understand that roulette is a physical wheel and ball.
Equalizer No. as random number generators use the same concept.
Update Cancel. What is the use of a random number generator.We can say that those website uses a random number generator that produces an.
Generate a random list of numbers, without using the System.Random.randoms method.I need to generate a random list of all the integers from 1 - 20.
Our random number generator will provide a random number between the two numbers of your choice.You can easily select random names from a selected list by the Sort Range. specify number of cells you want. Specify how many numbers

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.149431
Retrieved Text: The general set up of BlogWall requires a high-end computer with a good graphics card, projector and a screen. Dedicated GSM/GPRS modem is used to receive SMS messages. The user stands in front of the projector screen and sends a SMS to a given number. The application issues AT commands to the modem to locate SMS. All the messages received by the server will be written to a log file along with originator phone number and the date/time. The application consists of several modes of operation. Based on the enabled modes it offers different services to the user.
If the application is in the standard display mode, it will immediately display the text message in an animated way. When the system receives the SMS it selects a random animation for the SMS as shown in Figure 3. The system shows several animations in the background such as flying butterflies.
The polling function is used to collect user opinions. The system displays polling question and available answers. The answers are indexed by single alphabetical letter with in parenthesis. To select an option user SMS appropriate letter to the system. System also has the capability to provide statistical data to system administrators.
Keyword triggering mode enables the application to trigger an internal function based on a word in the SMS. This feature is somewhat similar to the features found in popular chat programs like Windows Messenger. For example if the SMS contains word “love" the application may replace the word “love” with an image of a heart. The keyword triggering mode

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.145954
Retrieved Text: Magnetic Poetry: a random idea generator.
Chances are you're familiar with Magnetic Poetry. Consisting of little magnets, each featuring a single word, phrase, or part of a word, these kits have been used to decorate refrigerators, school lockers, and other metal surfaces for many years.
To some people, they are simply a way of leaving legible messages for others in the house – a slower and more clumsy method than a simple message pad. To others, they are a fun poetry-making game.
However, for writers and novelists stuck for inspiration, magnetic poetry can also be a tool for generating story ideas.
Magnetic poetry comes in a variety of kits these days, each containing a different assortment of words. If you're just starting out, you probably want one of the larger more general kits, such as the original. If that seems too limited after a while, you can buy a number of different kits and pool all the magnets together, which gives you a much larger vocabulary to work with.
You can also make your own kit by printing out a few hundred words in a large font on magnetic sheets, which you can buy in office supply stores and cutting them up. Or you can imitate kidnappers in classic crime novels and cut words out of newspaper headlines. However, magnets have the advantage of staying where you put them on a magnetic whiteboard, refrigerator, or cookie sheet, where they won't get blown about by drafts.
Once you have your kit, you may want to divided the magnets into groups. The biggest group

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.003098
Retrieved Text: WordPress claims that Code is Poetry. What the?
When I heard them at Wordbend say code is poetry, I agreed. Morse Code did seem like a poetry of clicks, spaces, dashes, and all a secret except to the in crowd with the right ears. But that was not it.
Well? What Code then? Code words, secret code? Code is Poetry What?
The answer seems to be geek-speak; the techno myopia of the digital in crowd’s meaning of a thing.
How was I supposed to know that’s the Code they were taking about? I’m in the out crowd. Seems like a lot of assumption that the rest of the definitions of Code do not exist or are irrelevant. Those who “know” know what they mean. It is up to you, the random generated public, to get it right.
Oh? You mean like Poetry?
Then Hello. Code is poetry!
This entry was posted in Culture, Humor, Life, Random, Thoughts and tagged Code is Poetry? Code is Poetry, Code Question, Codetry, Computer world meaning of Code, Geek Speak, Wordpress Words. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.57545
Retrieved Text: Based on different websites, providing such solutions, I've adapted them for the OpenBSD operating system.
Basically the different methods proposed are using /dev/random to generate some fuzzy characters, then we translate it into ASCII characters.
But, in OpenBSD, there is an other option using arc4random and very efficient, I let you check it at the end of this blog.
The first possibility, is to use /dev/random.
This command generate random data of 32 bytes. Then, via the base64 encoder, we translate them into an ascii set of characters, then we conserve the 14 first characters.
The 2nd often method is to use OpenSSL, specifically the "random" feature of it. The following command generate a random ASCII set and conserver the 14 first.
What is a good password ?
Based on mathematical rules a minimum of 14 characters is ideal when we use only alphanumeric characters. Indeed, is such case, the "Massive cracking Scenario" is about 40 centuries. If we use symbols, we could use 12 characters.
#CMD="/usr/bin/openssl rand -base64 32 | cut -b -12"
CMD="/bin/dd if=/dev/urandom count=1 bs=32 2>&1 | /usr/local/bin/base64 -e | /usr/bin/head -1 | /usr/bin/cut -b -12"
echo "Failed to generate a good password"
We always have at least once symbol. But, in encoding strings, the symbols are "/", "+" or "-". This could be a problem is a smart password cracker limits symbols to those 3 instead of the 33 available in order to optimize his cracking tool.
I cannot close this topic without mentioning a tool present in every OpenBSD system: jot.
In few words, this command, generate 12 random numbers "-r" between 32 and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.941261
Retrieved Text: Il fiore nella crepa (“Flower in the crack”), an anthology born from the powerful poetry project conducted by Zingonia Zingone in a prison in Rome. The flower of the title is poetry itself, which is able to create new openings and generate thoughts, hopes, changes, life. It is a work that bears witness to the obstinate power of the poetic word in places where words themselves struggle to be words at all.
Reading and discussion with Zingonia Zingone.
Chaired by Anna Lombardo and Lucia Guidorizzi.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.840866
Retrieved Text: Poetry can be constructed in unlimited ways, whether it rhymes or not. There is no set formula. If there were, the world would be missing a great deal of linguistic beauty. It is important to keep this in mind, as preconceived ideas about poetry can limit your ability to express your ideas. When you have the opportunity to write non-rhyming poetry, you can let your imagine be your guide. Imagine you are an artist, creating something original, just as a painter such as Salvador Dali or Vincent Van Gogh might.
Free verse, as the name suggests, offers the greatest amount of freedom in poetic writing. You don't need to be concerned with rhyme or meter when you write this type of poetry, nor any particular structure. Rather, you create meaning in the patterns you give to the lines, stanzas and imagery in your poem, according to the Texas A&M University writing center. There is no wrong way to write such a poem. To get started, think of a topic and begin to write what comes to mind. Leave the poem for a few days, and revisit it. Edit out all unnecessary words, striving to leave the words that carry the most meaning and impact.
Attend a poetry slam and you'll hear plenty of non-rhyming poetry. Not all of it is free verse, however. Often, what gives the poems the spine-tingling quality that keeps people coming back for more is the use of meter. Meter is the rhythm that a poem has, and non-rhyming poems that use meter are

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.506485
Retrieved Text: This site is a simple but fun way to make random story ideas. Simply click the "Shuffle" button to get a new random prompt including "Character", "Situation", "Prop", and "Setting" (which will display as an image).
This tool for grades K through 6 randomly generates plots for adventure, fantasy, and science fiction stories, and then works students through the writing process.
To begin, choose the type of story you want to write including "Adventure", "Fantasy", "Sci-Fi", and "Scrambler".
Next choose the grade level from "K-1st", "2nd", "3rd", "4-6th".
Now pull the lever to spin the wheels and get a story prompt.
If you want, you can also push the individual buttons to spin just single wheels and change just a portion f the prompt.
When you are happy with the prompt, now choose the format for the writing including "Notebook", "Letter", "Newspaper", or "Postcard".
Finally the student can now write their story.
There is also an option to draw a picture to include with the story if desired.
When done, you can print your story or download it as a PDF.
First, begin by clicking the "Create Spark" link.
Next, choose the age of your students, either "7 and under" or "8 and over".
Next, select the type of writing you want your students to do, including "Story", "News Article", "Opinion", and "Poem".
Then choose how long the writing exercise should last, from "10 minutes" to "15 minutes" to "20 minutes".
The site will now provide the writing prompt and guide the students through the writing process.
Along the way, the site will continue to provide inspirations that can be including

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.481829
Retrieved Text: Hello, my name is Vick and I live, work and play in the English Midlands.
Most of my time is spent writing. I mainly write poetry and scripts but also flash-fiction, reviews, short stories, longer prose and food writing.
When not writing, I like to potter around in my rather unruly garden, read as much as possible, catch up on films, drink coffee, bake and cook, take photographs, travel far and wide, play around with cookbooks, and learn about mythology.
I started writing poetry when I was very young and just kept going. The first major project that I worked on was my “Three Random Words” collection where I asked for three words from 100 different people and wrote a poem that had to contain those words. This style of poetry eventually became my first full poetry collection titled Just Three Words where each set of words was given by an author.
I like to work in experimental styles, I have tried writing a poem a day, I’ve done free writing as well writing some After Poetry. The After Poetry collection is a series of poems inspired by a poem that I admire where I take the rhythm and theme and re-work the idea in my own voice. In spring 2012 my poem, “Free Flight into the Wordless” won the New York Times found poetry competition. I have had a chapbook full of poems about foxes called And The Fox Crows published as well as a novella titled Carrion Men. My poems pop up in a couple of anthologies and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.390154
Retrieved Text: This application is generating product EAN13 barcode automatically (on product creation) or manually.
EAN13 barcode can be created by using a random number or using current date, you can add some prefix to the barcode, you have an option to auto-generate barcode on product creation, the barcode can be created in different sizes and colors. All setting saved per company, so different barcode can be created for the different company.
You can create barcode in bulk for already created products, you have the option to select multiple products and create barcode or select multiple product categories and create the barcode for all product of the selected product category.
Auto generate EAN13 barcode using random number.
Auto generate EAN13 barcode using current date.
Auto generate EAN13 barcode in using some prefix.
Auto generate EAN13 barcode in different size.
Auto generate EAN13 bulk barcode by selecting multiple products.
Auto generate EAN13 bulk barcode by selecting multiple products categories.
Company wise barcode generation setting.
Product can be search by ean13 barcode.
* Configuration * Go to Settings --> Companies --> Companies --> Select Any Company --> Configuration Page --> EAN13 Barcode Section.
Click on (Generate Barcode) button link form form view of product to manually generate EAN13 barcode for single product.
If Prefix is set into company configuration and barcode create method is Generate EAN13 Using Random Number then in barcode first four digit are prefix that we set into company, next eight digit are any random number and last digit is checksum to validate ean13.
If Prefix is set into company configuration and barcode create method is Generate EAN13 Using Current Date

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.387352
Retrieved Text: friday feast: two smart cookies and a winner!
Remember a couple of weeks ago, when I featured Diane Lockward’s poem,“If Only Humpty Dumpty Had Been a Cookie,” and I suggested you might try writing your own cookie poem using any or several of these wordy cookies as a prompt?
Chocolate Chip Macaroon by Author Erica Rivera/flickr.
Red peeked in the basket.
Surely three would be enough.
who needs more than two?
settle herself on the forest floor.
Lemon Tea Cookies (recipe here).
Thanks, Tabatha and Mary Lee! I have two words for you: nom, nom!!
Now, it’s time to announce the lucky winner of the No Soup for You Giveaway!
As usual, there was much fighting amongst the resident bears as to who should draw the winning name, so I decided to use a random number generator.
Beverly Jean, a.k.a. Beverly Stowe McClure!
♥ Today’s Poetry Friday host is Ben at The Small Nouns. Enjoy some great poetry today and have a good weekend!
**Special thanks to Charlie Hughes at Wind Publications for donating a complimentary copy of Temptation by Water for today’s prize!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.385565
Retrieved Text: But then a friend of mine advised me this service. With our 3-24 hour delivery options, you can meet the tightest deadlines with great papers. I was..
Using too many"s or clichés. You see, the conventions of English essays are more formulaic than you might think and, in many ways, it can be as..
The sign of a good service are plenty of good reviews, but this service only has four listed on their website. We chose this Reviews for essay..
minutes using our free writing software tools. Note that the first generation may take longer, but subsequent generation on same topic will be almost instant. Research Depth Low (Fast)MediumHigh (Slow) This option defines how much topic information the software should gather before generating your essay, a higher value generally means better essay but could also take more time. Bibliography No Bibliographyapamlaharvard Enable this if you want a bibliography page with references added to your essay. EssaySoft, essay Generator was designed to make your essay writing whole lot easier by: Being able to generate essays and articles on virtually any topic. Automatically generate standard bibliography and reference in one click. The uniqueness of every single article is secured 100 through re-positioning all the paragraphs in a particular text as well as rewriting numerous words into some of their synonyms. Dr Essay provides Shortcuts to writing Everything - Online Academic writing Software. This feature automatically replaces some words with random synonyms, higher ratio means more words will be replaced. Such as school assignments, essays, blogs, thesis, reports, critique, research paper

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.36668
Retrieved Text: Because readers are fun-loving folks: here’s a small handful of easygoing sites for our sheer enjoyment.
A simple, useful, and visually amusing site: type in the book you’ve just finished enjoying, and the Book Seer will provide recommendations for similar ones.
I’m not sure what the existence of this site says about modern and contemporary poetry; I’ll leave that to you to ponder. But the site is fun, offering visitors the chance to read a randomly-chosen poem and guess whether it was composed by a human poet or a bot.
The robust Goodreads, 25 million members strong and billed as “the world’s largest site for readers and book recommendations,” offers the chance to connect with a community of readers and keep track of your own reading. Even without signing up, anyone may find candid and worthwhile reviews of books here.
What is worth insulting is worth insulting well: impress your enemies by using this classic site, where one click will generate, yes, a random Shakespearean insult (example: “Rogue, thou hast liv’d too long”).

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.289087
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'iOS Programming' started by ArtOfWarfare, Aug 26, 2008.
NSLog just prints (null) though and the UITextField is left blank.
I anticipate writing out every single word that it could display will be very time consuming. The iPhone already has a built in dictionary for spell checking... is there some way I can randomly choose a word from that?
Another thing... I don't think random will be very... random. It seems like each time someone launches the application it would run through the same list of words. Is there some way I can use the current time as a seed for the random number...?
This probably won't solve your problem, but Arrays are 0-based, not 1-based. So if you get a random number and % 5, you will NEVER get 5 as a result. You'd get 0. And you don't have anything in the 0 slot of your array.
You can seed the random number generator using the srandom() function, IIRC. Something like srandom(time()) I think should work.
it gives me (null)... despite the fact I explicitly told it to insert @"Apple" at index 1.
which still gives me (null).
1.) Arrays must be allocated and initialized.
2.) When you're inserting objects into particular indexes of an array, the previous index must be filled already.
doesn't work.. it'll crash. The 3rd index must be filled before the 4th one can be given anything. I don't know why... but now i know. You have to insert something in the 0th index first... you can't start with the 1st.
Instead of using insertObject:atIndex: it'd be much easier to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.286446
Retrieved Text: UNESCO declared March 21 to be World Poetry Day back in 1999, and who am I to argue with the United Nations? It’s a day meant to promote the writing, reading, reciting, teaching, and preservation of poetry, so go generate or consume some lovely words today. I’m one of those uncouth souls who think poetry ought to actually rhyme, or at least have some meaningful rhythm. (I know, so gauche, right?) That prejudice aside, here’s a pro tip: taking an ordinary prose sentence and adding arbitrary line breaks and indentation doesn’t make it poetry, even though a lot of what’s sold as poetry is precisely that. You have to put some work into those words, people. At least give it a solid effort today.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.22298
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in 365 Writing Prompts Challenge, Abstract, Poetry and tagged 2014, 365, 365 days writing challenge, death, drama, dreams, friends, hurt, lit, Literature, personal, poem, poetry, random, sorrow, spilled ink, story, words, writers. Bookmark the permalink.
Omg. Allahuma baarik this was good!
AllaahummaBaarik indeed. You are not forgotten dear friend.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.166622
Retrieved Text: Sometimes we need some random sentences to use as a data analysis or as a tool to fill articles. This page provide 6 sentences by default, some sentences are very short, some sentences are longer, this is a random show.
You can also generate your own sentences. We have collected more than 600,000 sentences, so you can type in your own words to generate, you can also generate a specified number of sentences. We added a small feature, click the sentence text with the mouse, it will automatically select the appropriate text, this is a convenient copy tool.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.08861
Retrieved Text: The ERIATA ORIBHABOR POETRY PRIZE (EOPP) is an annual literary prize instituted in November 2012 by Words Rhymes & Rhythm (WRR) in partnership with prominent Nigerian poet, essayist, editor, social commentator Sir Eriata Oribhabor.
EOPP came about to give the much-needed attention Nigerian poetry deserved to and encourage young Nigerian poets to use poetry as a tool for social change.
The Prize finds its purpose in the belief that poetry and the arts are agents of social change that must routinely encouraged.
In the words of Sir Eriata, the EOPP is a special reward mechanism for young Nigerian poets. Over the years, the contest has become the leading platform for the discovery, encouragement, and celebration of poets in Nigeria.
Eriata Oribhabor is a poet, essayist, editor, social commentator, a former Chairman, Association of Nigerian Authors (ANA), Abuja, CEO/Publisher at Something For Everybody Ventures (SFEV), and President of Poets In Nigeria (PIN) Initiative.
A renowned Nigerian literary promoter, Oribhabor has authored several books including Beautiful Poisons, Crossroads and The Rubicon, Eriata on Marble, Shifting Rides of Poetikness, Random Thoughts on Poetry, Walking Truths and That Beautiful Picture.
In concert with members of Poets in Nigeria Initiative, he organizes several literary initiatives events within and outside Nigeria, chief of which include Festival Poetry Calabar; Nigerian Students Poetry Prize and ArtHub Lagos, Food Poetry Prize.
His literary activism which has earned him the title of ‘Merchant of Poetry’. He encourages young writers to develop their potentials towards achieving their dreams and enjoys discussions on topical issues, traveling, tours and adventures.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.053253
Retrieved Text: It’s been a busy week, and I’ll be writing up my WWDC thoughts and a couple of TUAW posts after a plane ride today. In the meantime, I made you a thing.
This quick function is part of a script I wrote to generate multiple files filled with random Markdown lipsum with an index for Marked testing.
Numbered files are boring, and truly random character sequences aren’t much fun. Aspell has a master dictionary that happens to contain a lot of potentially funny words. I decided to dump those and randomly pick two to string together as filenames.
The function uses a dictionary file (single word per line) and shuf, available through Homebrew in the Gnu coreutils package (brew install coreutils). You can create a dictionary file using Aspell (brew install aspell) with the command aspell dump master > dictionary.txt (or just grab the one I made). Be sure to edit the “wordfile” variable in the function to point to the location of your dictionary.
$FUNCNAME requires the utilities aspell and shuff (or gshuf) to generate random names.
Use homebrew to install aspell and coreutils.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.029676
Retrieved Text: In this article, We will learn how to generate random numbers and data in Python using a random module and other available modules. In Python, random module implements pseudo-random number generators for various distributions including integer, float (real).
After this article, solve our Free Python random data generation Exercise.
And Free Python Random data generation Quiz to master random data generation techniques in Python.
Following are the list of common operations that we are going to cover in this article.
Generate random numbers for various distributions including integer and floats.
Random Sampling and choose elements from the population.
Functions of the random module.
Shuffle the sequence data. Seed the random generator.
Generate random strings and password.
How to set the state of a random generator.
Use numpy.random to generate random arrays.
The article links provided in this article is also written by me to cover subtopic in detail.
The random module has various functions to accomplish all of the above tasks. We will see how to use these functions in the latter section of the article.
You need to import the random module in your program, and you are ready to use this module. Use the following statement to import the random module in your code.
Let see how to use random module now.
As you can see we have got 0.50. You may get a different number.
random() is the most basic function of the random module.
Almost all functions of the random module depend on the basic function random().
random() return the next random floating point number in the range [0.0, 1.0).
Before moving to the random module functions, let see the common

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.020018
Retrieved Text: Skylah Ginette is a feral mountain fairy, raised in the wilds of B.C. She spent a lot of time talking to herself when she was growing up, playing with words while the world whirled around her. Skylah decided to risk life as a starving artist, determined to make a living by loving in poetry. As she found herself distributing writing at random throughout her hometown and travels, she began to call herself The Poetry Elf. This magical character has become part of Ginette, influencing her writing and performance art.
Skylah has been an active participant in the Kelowna poetry slam community, and has just released her first book, Messages for a Goddess Rising, now available through direct order (skylah.sheppard@hotmail.com). She is also the founder of The Poetry Burlesque, an event which she organizes, hosts and performs in.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.015879
Retrieved Text: Over the weekend I read an interesting paper: How to Memorize a Random 60-Bit String. This was probably the first security paper I’d read in quite some time. I discovered this paper via The Morning Paper, which in my opinion is one of the best resources for people interested in computer science research papers. The title of the paper caught my eye and I decided to read the entire paper (this is typically my strategy with The Morning Paper; I tend to use it for “paper discovery”).
This paper builds on the password generation mechanism introduced by XKCD. It modifies XKCD’s approach to work for 60-bit long passwords and also proposes new schemes for English password generation based on random 60-bit strings. We use a lot of online services in our lives, and creating a secure + easy to remember password (especially if you use the same password for all the services. Please don’t do this.) is essential in order to safeguard ourselves.
While XKCD’s scheme is based on a simple dictionary lookup in order to generate a 4 letter phrase, the methods proposed in the paper are more involved. They all use n-gram language models in order to generate English word passwords that, while random, still seem to have the correct structure of a grammatically correct English sentence fragment or phrase.
I think the most impressive scheme proposed is the one in which a 60-bit string is converted into a poem. Yes, you read that right, a poem. This is done using word information from the CMU pronunciation

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.008986
Retrieved Text: Wild! Funnily enough, Donna, the faster I read, the more it all sort of gels. Poor Augusta!
I suspect you’re into the Imagists too? My favourites include Richard Aldington and William Carlos Williams.
Thanks Paul. This started out as a free-write on the train, using a random picture as inspiration. Then at 2am the following morning I condensed it.
Hadn’t read this before, must have missed it 🙂 Really simple and lovely. I nominated you for the Creative Blogger Award by the way 🙂 If you need to know the rules and everything I’ve got them all on my post: https://andywritespoems.wordpress.com/2015/04/04/creative-blogger-award-thanks/ Keep writing!!
I’m not into poetry and feel like I’m missing something. I liked ‘Augusta’ but have to admit I don’t understand it completely… must be something wrong with my wiring.
Hi Dan. There’s certaintly nothing wrong with your wiring! All art, writing, design, will be interpreted differently by different people; sometimes they won’t be able to interpreted it at all. The wonderful thing about poetry and flash fiction is that it is often left to the reader’s imagination.
Really sweet words and flow. Thanks for the read and the interest. Sspt your work is beautiful (whisper).

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.97942
Retrieved Text: Password Assistant checks your current passwords & generate new, strong passwords. For home or business, small company or large corporation. New Passwords are generated using dictionary, pronounceable, and random words types. Optional settings for variable password length, character types, case, exclusions, substitutions. & number of passwords generated. Current passwords are analyzed for security & efficiency. Get feedback on how to make them better.

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To fill a bucket with sand

Choice 1: Take a smaller pail and fill it with sand. Dump it on the ground. Repeat until the bucket is full.

Choice 2: Take a smaller pail and fill it with sand. Dump it into the bucket. Repeat until the bucket is full.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.358244
Retrieved Text: Learn about cleaning tools and fixing tool handles with these handy tips. Includes information on cleaning tool blades and replacing wood handles on tools..
Fill a five-gallon bucket with sharp sand and add leftover oil collected from an oil change.
Learn about these helpful methods for cleaning tools and fixing tool handles. These tips will help when cleaning tools and fixing tool handles by using sand and heat.
Fill a five-gallon bucket with sharp sand and add leftover oil collected from an oil change. After each use of a metal-ended tool, jam it in the sand to clean and preserve it.
When you break the handle of your hammer, axe or maul, the easiest way to replace it is to heat the head in a 250 degrees Fahrenheit oven for about an hour. This shrinks the wood and expands the metal. Pull out the old wood and have the new handle ready to insert while the iron is hot. And use pot holders to handle the hot metal!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.340199
Retrieved Text: This summer remember the simple toys for outdoor summer fun.My earliest play memories are of baking sand "pies" by mixing sand and water in buckets. We didn't have many fancy toys when I was young, but we had lots of fun. The simple toys are often the best. Buy your kids inexpensive pails and shovels to play with at home or on the beach. They'll be happy for hours, and happy kids make for happy parents!
Photo thanks to flickr and downing.amanda under the commercial use license.
Water and sand play is not only great fun, it's a learning experience too.
Learning through sand and water play.
From the UK site Topmarks, this is the first of a series of articles on the subject. Helpful hints for parents.
The benefits of and play for toddlers.
An excellent article from the Parents Social website.
Have you forgotten how much fun you can have with buckets?
Or if you're in the UK- Buckets and spades in the sandpit.
When I started to research this page, I knew that the toy that I loved as a child, the sand pit, was called a sandbox in the USA.
What I hadn't realised was that the phrase we use all the time in the UK -"Buckets and Spades" translates as "Pails and shovels" in the USA.
Hey Ho, don't you just learn something new every day?
There's nothing new about these toys though. I'll bet that even back in ancient times children poured water from one thing into another thing and thought it was great fun. Pouring water from one bucket to another

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.691656
Retrieved Text: Make your boy's or girl's next birthday party a blast with these party favor size beach bucket and shovel sets! Small enough to be a party favor and big enough to play at the beach or in the sandbox with making it the perfect toy or gift for toddlers and kids. They make for great favors in goodie bags too! Our beach play set includes four pieces, that will encourage your child's imagination and will bring out your child's creative side by building sand castles or digging in the sand.Other mini bucket beach sets are made out of cheap plastic materials that break at the drop of a hat. If you're looking for great mini bucket beach sets at an even more afforable price to give away as party favors, then your search can end here! These beach bucket sets have everything you're looking for. It's not hard to see why customers love it with features like: Bright Neon Colors Each Set Includes 4 Pieces 3.5in Bucket with Handel 6 in Shovel, 5 in Rake, and 3in Scoop Pack of 12 Sets A perfect toy at the perfect price!Why Wait!? Click "Add to Cart" to order your sand bucket beach party decorations today!
An absolute essential for sure-fire fun on the shoreline. Sand castle construction is more fun with these pail and shovel sets. For ages 5+.
Whether it's a sandbox or beach, this Sand Bucket Assortment will provide so much fun that time will slip through your fingers unnoticed! This assortment includes 12 bright and colorful plastic

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.762997
Retrieved Text: Features a movable front bucket for fill-and-spill fun.
Scoop it! Mix it! Dump it! Just another earth-moving, earth-saving day at the job site for the Green Toys™ Scooper - made in the USA from 100% recycled plastic milk jugs. Chunky, sturdy, and durable, the Green Toys Scooper features a movable front bucket for fill-and-spill fun. Perfect in a sand box, toy box, or gift box, this pint-sized truck is just right for little hands, and can easily be tossed in a diaper bag for on-the-go fun.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.195837
Retrieved Text: Now I understand that there could be a few different messages you could take away from this story, but for me, the key point is that while there might always be more that you can do to add to a seemingly ‘full’ bucket (or situation in life) by adding pebbles or sand, you will find the majority of the filling comes from the bigger rocks. So why get so caught up in the sand?
You’re probably wondering what the hell this has to do with triathlon, and why this comes to mind when I’m coaching athletes…and no, I don’t have my athletes out there shifting rocks or filling buckets for training. My point is that triathletes tend to get so caught up in the sand. They’re worrying about supplements, compression gear, altitude masks or tents, power meters, how many grams their racing flats weigh, reducing the surface area of the front end of their bike…the list really does just go on and on. But the reality is, that this stuff is the sand, it’s the icing that should only come after the rocks and pebbles. The opportunity to pour sand in on top should only come after you’ve already ‘filled’ your bucket with the bigger rocks – the absolute essential basics to building a good athlete. We are talking about getting the training right (micro, meso, and macro cycles in your programming), sufficient amount of sleep (6 hours just doesn’t cut it, we are talking 8 hours each night) to allow your body and mind to recover

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.108282
Retrieved Text: Here are Fire Safety Store, we want every single person and company to have the tools and equipment in place to tackle fire before it has started.
Preventative and early firefighting plans can start well before there is any need to panic. One way in which this can be achieved in certain places and industries is a smart approach to fire buckets. With this in mind, we are delighted to be able to offer a choice of metal and plastic pails.
Fire buckets are most commonly associated with petrol forecourts or cooking areas where potential outbreak may be higher. They tend to be filled with sand and can help to fully or partially extinguish small oil fires. Water is useless in the fighting of such fires and may even help them thrive. By throwing sand on fires, they are starved of oxygen and cannot continue to prosper.
The plastic versions comes in a “D-shape” to enable a simple yet effective helping hand to wall mounting. The classic, metal styles still retain the traditional rounded bucket shape and both can be wall mounted using a bracket. Buckets should ideally be anchored and enclosed with a lid. All of our products come with a lid to reflect this.
All of our high quality fire buckets feature a large 10 litre capacity and are easily identifiable being bright red in colour as well as adorned with the word “fire”. This provides a means of quick recognition of the products should they ever be needed.
The brackets we supply to affix fire buckets that need

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.947435
Retrieved Text: Sand Bucket and Shovel Coloring Page Inspirational Free Castle Kids Download Free Clip Art Free Clip Art On is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at January 18, 2019 upload by fangjian in Coloring.
Description: Sand Bucket and Shovel Coloring Page Inspirational Free Castle Kids Download Free Clip Art Free Clip Art On from the above resolutions which is part of the Coloring. Download this image for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
Best Of Sand Bucket and Shovel Coloring Page - From the thousands of photographs online regarding sand bucket and shovel coloring page, we picks the best libraries using ideal quality just for you, and now this photographs is actually one among images selections in your very best pictures gallery with regards to Best Of Sand Bucket and Shovel Coloring Page. I am hoping you'll think it's great.
This kind of graphic (Sand Bucket and Shovel Coloring Page Inspirational Free Castle Kids Download Free Clip Art Free Clip Art On) above is branded using: sand bucket and shovel printable template,sand bucket clip art free,sand bucket coloring,sand bucket coloring book,sand bucket craft,sand bucket game,sand bucket motel myrtle beach south carolina,sand bucket pudding,sand bucket pudding recipe,sand bucket restaurant cape san blas,sand bucket sundaes,sand bucket well,sand buckets for golf cart,sand buckets near me,sand buckles, all for you.
Posted by means of fangjian at 2019-01-18 21:40:52. To determine all pictures with Best Of Sand Bucket and Shovel Coloring

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.679762
Retrieved Text: Fix a small candle inside a small cake or flan tin. Use some leftover herbs to add plenty of foliage around the candle. Finish by adding a few white berries.
Fix a candle into the centre of an old glass jar using sticky tape. Use tongs if your hand won’t fit. Add some fern cuttings around the candle (inside the jar). Tie some pretty ribbon, with a pinecone and a few more sprigs of fern, around the top of your jar. Cinnamon sticks look great, too.
Tie some festive string around a florists bucket. Fill with craft or kid’s play sand and insert 5 candles into the sand.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.623713
Retrieved Text: Get your kids even more excited about their next trip to the beach with this fun Beach Bucket Adventure Kit!
My family just got back from a family trip to Florida that was SO.MUCH.FUN. We drove over 16 hours each way to get there (insert crazy face here) but I was fully prepared with plenty of treats and toys to keep my son excited.
One of the ideas I came up with to give him was this Beach Bucket Adventure Kit, full of fun things to do once we (finally!) got to the shore. I shopped the Target Dollar Aisle for all of this so the whole thing was less than $10.
I’ll show you all that I included so you can recreate this idea for your kids, AND I’ll include the free printables I used so you can grab them too!
sand toys – shovel, rake, items to decorate sand castles etc.
I laminated my printables to make them more durable and reusable, but if you plan to use them once and toss them, regular paper or cardstock will work just fine!
I included some fun little wooden props I found at JoAnn’s to decorate our sand castles – wood pennants, sea creatures, peg people etc.
Fill your bucket with all the fun items listed above.
Head to the beach and have fun!!!
We hope you have so much fun on your next trip to the beach!
ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Abbey is the creative mom and blogger from The Cards We Drew. She was a contributor on the Somewhat Simple Creative Team in 2013 where

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.486895
Retrieved Text: Speech on How to make a Sand Castle?
Good morning respected principal and teachers and greetings to my peers and fellow students. Today I am going to put forward before you my speech on how to make a sand castle?
Sounds interesting right? We have all seen pretty pictures of sand castles either in movies or on the internet. It seems quite easy to build one. But let me remove one misconception about it. It is not at all easy to build a sand castle at least for me it was tough.
At the beginner level it will be better if you start with a simpler one. The three things that you need before building a sand castle is-sand, water and equipment’s.
Sand is such a material which disintegrates easily. Since it made up of a large number of big grained particles hence it adhesive property is very less.
It doesn’t maintain its shape well. It is impossible to work with dry sand. Wet sand is workable. To work on sand, you have to make sure it’s wet only.
Near the beaches you usually get fine grained sand which is easier to work on. Big grained sand is almost unworkable.
The trial and error method or recipe for  sand castle concrete mix is one part of sand to one part water. We have to pour the water in the big bucket first, then shovel in the dry sand for easier blending.
Sand castles will be broken one day or another. But we have to make sure that one that we build doesn’t get washed off by water

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.422686
Retrieved Text: Easter is almost here! Do you have your Easter baskets ready? If they aren’t quite complete, or if you just want to amp up the fun level of your baskets a bit with some extra goodies, here are some awesome Easter Basket Ideas for Kids!
Scoop up the fun with the Ice Cream Shop Sand Bucket! Serve out cold tasty treats thanks to the included ice cream scoop and various molds, perfect for building mouthwatering ice cream cones. Then, place the ice cream seller behind the freezer counter, at the bottom front of the sand bucket, to sell all the delicious snacks to passersby. Kids can also use the bucket with sieve to either build sand castles or sift through the sand in search shells and other fun stuff. When playtime is over, store all the pieces inside the bucket and use the sieve as a lid. The bucket has a capacity of just under a ½ gallon. Set includes two figures, bucket, sieve, ice cream spoon, two ice cream cones, two ice cream scoops, and one waffle mold.
TLC Kritters need your care and love! Take home the incubator and open to reveal which baby animal you’ve received. Time for the gender reveal! Drop the included packet into water to reveal if your Kritter is a boy or a girl. The packet will include a gender reveal card and accessories for your Kritter. Use the included bottle to feed your new pet and – give it a squeeze to make it sneeze. Take off the Kritter’s diaper

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.350218
Retrieved Text: Alpha Foundry’s 30-ton silos can be filled, or empties, in one hour.
Once Alpha Foundry Co. in Wright City, MO, realized that demand for its aluminum and zinc castings was rising and its production was increasing, it recognized it had problem: as output increased Alpha’s operations required more and more foundry sand, which meant the facility needed a way to store sand in high volumes.
They presented the problem to Frazier Bulk Inc. (www.frazierbulk.com), which designs and installs bulk material-handling systems, including several types of storage, conveying, weighing, dust-collection, and inventory-control systems.
Alpha Foundry had been storing sand in 2,000-lb bags, inside the plant. Floor space became scarce, and the operators realized that by storing some of their sand outside, in a silo, they could free valuable square footage for production activity.
Frazier Bulk visited the Missouri foundry and consulted with Alpha’s owners, Emerson and Ryan Barron to determine how to address the problem. After a thorough evaluation of the operating requirements and facility layout, Frazier Bulk proposed a system involving two 30-ton silos and a 30-ton/hour bucket elevator to fill each silo. Equipment was delivered last summer and installed by Alpha Foundry’s workers.
The silos were designed specifically for bulk sand storage. Each silo includes ladder access to the top, an inspection hatch, and “high” and “low” level indicators to alert operators when the silo is ready to receive another load of sand, as well as when the silo is full. The discharge outlet was positioned 4.5 ft above the ground to allow the operator to fill tote boxes and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.343058
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Finding, Purifying, and Storing Water' started by branchd77, Jan 20, 2016.
The power has long been out in the city. Marauders have been making their way through the reserves. Your rations are diminishing and you have only one water bottle left. You're sitting and wondering what you could possibly do next; how you could possibly parch this thirst that's slowly beginning to dry you out like a raisin. It's looking like the end is near, but what now?
Any average citizen would likely be at a loss, but luckily for you, you are not the average citizen. My Survival Forum presents you with a do-it-yourself water filtration system that will come in handy when your water rations are running low and your chances of survival are looking slim.
Fill each bucket two-thirds (or three-quarters) of the way with the required materials, starting with gravel and ending with charcoal in the side-hole bucket. Continue by filling the second bucket with sand and placing it on top. Finish with the first bucket of gravel stacked on the top.
The gravel, sand and activated charcoal all form separate filtration systems within your five-gallon buckets, with each layer removing different things. For example, gravel removes the larger pieces of dirty and gunk from the water (like sticks, insects, leaves, etc), while the sand removes the smaller pieces of debris and matter that managed to squeeze through the gravel. The most effective layer, the activated charcoal, removes (what it can of) the remaining bacteria and chemicals.
The charcoal is activated when air is blown

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.298113
Retrieved Text: 55682 products . Tags: River Cutter Suction Dredger/sand Dredger Machine/dredging Machine/widely Used Dredger For Sale . China Dredger . Mining sand cutter suction china dredger To Export . HL B120 2017 China Bucket Chain Dredger for sale .. Gold Panning China River Chain Bucket Gold Dredger For Sale.
23038 products . julong machine export overseas markets bucket chain gold dredger offers 23038 dredging machine for sale products. . Africa hot sale Bucket Chain Alluvial Gold Dredging Machinery for sale.
3569 products . Good After sale Service Chain Bucket Gold Dredger for export .. JULONG gold dredger/gold mining machine/bucket chain gold dredge for sale.
7490 products . Julong New 6 Inch Mini Dredge/Gold Mining Machine .. Best small bucket type chain gold dredger/diamond mining dredge/dredging boat for sale.
7488 products . Bucket Chain Gold Dredger gold dredging equipment/machine gold mining . Julong gold dredger/gold mining machine/new gold dredge for sale.
4645 products . direct dredger providers bucket gold dredge,africa gold chain for sale .. JULONG gold dredger/gold mining machine/bucket chain gold dredge for.
1920 products . Sand collecting/gold separating Bucket Chain Dredging boat for sale . If there are gold in the sand it can also add the gold concentrating machine such as gold ... Julong Mobile Gold Mining Trommel Screen Machinery/ Dredger . 2) Adopting advanced world famous brand components in pneumatic parts.
4424 products . julong machine export overseas markets bucket chain gold dredger offers 4424 gold suction dredge products. About 87% of these are . 4 YRS Shandong Sinolinking Import & Export Co., Ltd. 86.4% .. 3 YRS Shanghai Super Above

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.0203
Retrieved Text: Fill, empty and pour with this lovely little bucket and tool set.
Made from 100% recyclable materials, this set is good for the environment but sturdy for your children.
Made from Sugarcane, the BIO range is 100% sustainable and 95% bio-based. Dishwasher and microwave-safe, this lovely, quality range is a great Eco-friendly addition to your sand and water play. Featuring fresh, neutral colour tone, BIOPlastic is frost-proof and is suitable to be left outdoors.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.79802
Retrieved Text: 292 products . NEW Chain Bucket Gold Dredger /mini gold dredger for sale/Small sand mining gold dredger . Julong 4 Inch Easy Operated Gold Mini Dredge with Pump . The technical options of the dredgers are customized and truly flexible.
516 products . Chinese bucket gold dredge boat pontoons for sale ... Chinese Top Brand River Sand Bucket Chain Dredger with Agitating Chute.
9917 products . . Dredge For Sale. direct dredger providers bucket gold dredge,africa gold chain for sale . of each equipment. 2017 China Made Bucket Ladder Gold Dredge Price .. 1 Set (Min. Order). 1 YRS Qingzhou Julong Environment Technology Co., Ltd. ... Customize your request and get multiple quotes. I want to.
1332 products . JLLD 120 Bucket Chain Gold Mining diamond Dredger/Portable Gold Dredge .. Technical information The size and color of mini dredger can be customized. .. Julong 2 Inch Gold Suction Dredger Small portable Scale Alluvial.
3444 products . . Used Gold Dredger. Mini Dredge bucket chain gold dredger/sand dredging machinery . Customised gold dredge bucket For Sale. US $50000 350000 / . Julong Dredge Bucket/Gold Mining Machinery. US $250000 400000 /.
7490 products . Julong New 6 Inch Mini Dredge/Gold Mining Machine .. Best small bucket type chain gold dredger/diamond mining dredge/dredging ... Extraction Equipment,Gold Dredging Boat,small gold mining boat customized for sales.
911 products . factory customized amphibious dredger nigeria sale .. Tags: 80m3/h Amphibious Bucket Chain River Sand Dredger . Hicl Hbc100 100m3/h Bucket Chain Sand . 100m3/h Bucket Chain River Sand/gold/diamond Dredger ... JULONG watermaster dredger self propelled amphibious multi function

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.63038
Retrieved Text: TABLE B – EXCAVATOR BUCKET FILL FACTORS Moist Loam or Sandy Clay 110 – 120% Sand and Gravel 95 ... between the cutting edge and replaceable side cutter insert.
Bucket Cutting Edges Romac Industrial Parts not only supplies extra parts to keep your excavator function efficiently, we also carry bucket cutting edges that go even further to increase productivity for your construction, farming, landscaping, and residential equipment needs.
Attachment Products > Bolt-On Cutting Edge | Werk-Brau Co., Inc.
Available For: Most makes and models of attachments on all machines. Recommended Applications: A bolt-on cutting edge is designed to protect the bucket edge from wear and tear.
Excavator Bucket Repair - Cracked Cutting Edge.
Today at work my father pointed out a crack on the cutting edge of our 24" Kubota KX121-3 Bucket. Not sure how it happened but it was most likely me :realmad::realmad: ive been in that machine quite a bit in the past two weeks.
beneparts is a professional leader China excavator bucket teeth, bucket teeth, excavator bucket manufacturer with high quality and reasonable price. Welcome to contact us.
Products List > Heavy Duty Excavator ... - Werk-Brau Co., Inc.
cutting edge 9d9554 bucket cutting edge excavator bucket cutting edge 120g,h,k,US $ 30 - 45 / Piece, Zhejiang, China (Mainland), GT, 120g,h,k.Source from Xiamen Globe Truth (GT) Industries Co., Ltd. on Alibaba.com.
We is China construction machinery parts manufacturer, offer excavator bucket, end bit, cutting edge, digging bucket, and arm assembly. We also provide engine parts, hydraulic parts, seal kits, filters for cutting edges, excavators, and bulldozers.
Find great deals on eBay for excavator

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.563848
Retrieved Text: Gold mining equipment chain bucket river sand dredger/chain gold dredger for sale .. high efficiency chain bucket mining sand gold dredger for sale.
Chinese Double Diesel Driven Keene 8 Inches Gold Dredge for Sale ... Julong high efficiency gold dredging boat/diamond mining machinery/gold mining.
Used Gold Dredge, Wholesale Various High Quality Used Gold Dredge Products from Global . 5 Inch alluvial gold mining equipment used gold dredge for sale ... Good Performance Reliable River Bucket Chain Sand Gold Mining Dredger.
Small Gold Dredge Boat For Sale, Wholesale Various High Quality Small Gold Dredge Boat For Sale Products . Qingzhou Yongli Mining And Dredging Machinery Co., Ltd. .. High Efficiency Mini gold mining dredger/boat with factory price.
A wide variety of 4 inch gold dredge for sale options are available to you, such as bucket dredger . High efficiency 4 inch gold dredging mining machine for sale.
Underwater Dredge For Sale Wholesale, Underwater Dredge .
Underwater dredge or mining high chrome sand suction machine dredger . High Manganese Steel Gold Dredge for Sale with Stable Performance.
Small Scale Chinese Mini 8 Inches Gold Dredge 4 For Sale Suppliers And Manufacturers . High efficiency 4 inch gold dredging mining machine for sale.
5000 CBM non self propelled electric cutter suction dredger sale. Add to Compare . Shandong Highling Dredging Equipment And Machinery Co., Ltd. .. Sand dredger, improved high efficiency dreger, mineral used dreger for Philippines.
Bucket Dredger For Sale Wholesale, Bucket Dredger Suppliers .
Dredging depth1 20m Bucket gold dredger dredge machine for sale. Add to Compare .. High Efficiency Bucket Chain Gold Dredger Mining Equipment for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.383312
Retrieved Text: Friends, summer is here! This is the perfect time to take learning outside. Whether you are a mom of littles, a homeschooling mom, or a teacher looking for some new ideas, changing the scenery always freshens up learning! Hands-on alphabet activities help reach kinesthetic learners and reinforce skills. Helping our kids keep learning all summer long prevents the academic summer slide, too! Today I’m sharing seven hands-on alphabet activities you can do with your children at home or in August when your students return.
Write letters using sidewalk chalk on the driveway. You can do a mix of uppercase and lowercase letters, depending on what your child needs to practice. Then, call out a letter and have your child squirt it with a water squirter. We love the water squirters that we can grab at the Dollar Tree for $1!
Call out a letter and have your child form it with large pool noodles. You can always find these for one dollar at the dollar store! You can call out uppercase, lowercase, or even the letter sound.
Call out a letter and let your child write uppercase and lowercase letters with their fingers in a sand table. If you don’t have a table, you can put some sand in a large baking pan or plastic tub, too. If sand scares you, don’t worry! You can use dry beans, noodles, or rice even. They are much easier to clean up, too!
Alphabet books are a great way to practice letter identification and beginning sounds. I created a set of books for

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.184439
Retrieved Text: It’s summer and that means trips to the beach! Here are a list of ideas to keep kids entertained while spending the day at the beach.
Beach Relay- This is a fun activity to do with 2 or more children. Materials: 2 large beach buckets and 2 cups.
Place the beach buckets a distance away from the water. Split children up into even teams and have them stand a couple feet away from the beach buckets. Give the first two children on line a cup. The children run to the water and fill up their cup then run back to the bucket and pour the water in. Have them give the next child on line the cup and repeat. The first team with their bucket filled is the winner.
2. Plaster of Paris Beach Casting Project. This is a fun activity to do with children of all ages.
5. Search for shells and rocks. Take your shells and rocks home to paint. They make great outdoor decorations. You can also add a magnet to small shells and rocks and put them on your refrigerator. You can also glue shells together to make sculptures.
6. Take a walk and explore the beach.
7. Take turns burying each other. This is a fun activity if you don’t mind getting a little sandy. Just make sure you keep sand away from the face.
8. Make sand angels. Everyone’s heard of snow angels but what about sand angels. Just lay in the sand and move your arms and legs back and forth. Sand up and you will

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.171242
Retrieved Text: Every huts’ settlement or village has its own well of bitter water for the survival of camels, goats, sheep etc. These animals have physically adjusted themselves to this kind of water. In summer this water is very cold and the animals drink it greedily. Such wells are 150 to 200 feet deep. Long rope and sizably large bucket is made up of animal skin. One end of the rope is firmly attached to the bucket whereas the other end is adjusted to the hump of a trained camel. Owner of every flock uses his own Camel to draw water from the well as manually it is not possible to undergo such hard job continuously for hours. Flock after flock take their turn on water and the process continues almost day and night. On our track we did not come across a village having two wells. As soon as the bucket touches the water surface below the well, it is filled manually and submerged inside the water in order to fill it completely up to its full capacity. The person on duty voices a sound which only the Camel understands. The Camel starts moving on the fixed track. As soon as the bucket is about a foot above the well’s wall, a second different special sound is voiced by which the Camel stops. The heavy bucket is pulled over to the well’s wall and poured into the small pond nearby, around which the animals gather for quenching their thirst. The empty bucket is lowered into the well

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.134327
Retrieved Text: a long way from the floor.
as I say their names.
there isn't any crying there.
There isn't any hurt there either.
since I don't like being hurt either.
I can pour water from a jug or bottle.
especially when it is a little bit wet.
I like to fill a bucket and make a castle.
I like to dig holes in it.
Thank you for the sand and water, God.
and pages to turn over.
fingers when I say them.
Thank you, God, for words, and sound.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.127499
Retrieved Text: Gardening is a lot easier (and cheaper!) when tools are kept in good condition. One of the easiest ways to keep them clean and working well is to store them in a bucket with oiled sand. This also minimizes rust. It is such an easy and inexpensive project. The total cost for 5-gallon plastic bucket was $13.30 plus tax.
When completed, the bucket will be pretty heavy. So unless you’ve got muscles, you might want to mix it wherever you plan to store it.
1. For a 5-gallon bucket, you’ll need about 24 ounces of oil. For a smaller bucket, that’s about 5 ounces per gallon container. You can use motor, mineral or baby oil.
2. With a big bucket, it’s easiest to add about a third of the sand, then pour in a third of the oil and mix well. Then repeat two more times. The sand will darken with the oil and should be damp, but not moist.
3. You can then simply stab your tools into the sand to store them. With tools like trowels or cultivators, I push them in deeply. But with loppers, shears and snips, I only insert the cutting surfaces. Before inserting, I clean the dirt off the tool to keep the sand clean.
For our project, we actually did two buckets: one big 5-gallon plastic bucket for big tools (loppers, shears and small shovels) and a smaller 4-gallon galvanized bucket for small tools (trowels, cultivators, weeders and small shears/snips).
I hope this helps you as much as it did for me. My favorite garden

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.078808
Retrieved Text: We all have a proper set of beach towels for the whole family to use them at the beach vacations. The beach towels are complete closet essentials for the travel lovers, and must be taken care of to make them long-lasting and retain their quality. After each and every trip, a lot of laundry needs to be done, and post the beach vacations you should make sure to wash the beach towels properly. The art of cleaning and taking care of the beach towels is often recommended by the experts. The beach towels are mostly made of fine textured and soft cotton or synthetic materials and require special attention.
If you want to maintain the beach towels crafted by the best wholesale towel manufacturer with perfection, here are some tips to make sure that they long last and lend you the best post shower feel at the beach outings.
Most of the beach towels are made of soft and absorbent cotton, and you must make sure to wash them with utmost care. They mostly are machine washable and you should use the best detergents. Just follow the instructions on the label of the chosen product that manufacturers ask you to do.
For maximum cleanliness and to save the products from getting damaged, the cotton beach towels should be washed in hot water cycle setting. Also, check the care tag for the towels that are not made of hundred percent cotton material.
The beach towels are printed with a range of different colors, and hence you should wash them separately so

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.062817
Retrieved Text: When you are purchasing new gardening tools, you will more than likely have a choice of low price/low quality or higher priced/high quality tools.
Quality tools are designed to last many years, but they must be cared for and regularly maintained.
If you opt for bargain priced tools, maintaining them is less of a problem because when they wear out you can simply throw them away.
*Always remove all of the soil from your digging tools after each use. Usually hosing is all it takes, but use a screwdriver to remove caked or dried mud.
*Never put your tools away wet. Allow them to dry completely before storing to prevent rusting and handle rot. Once each garden season, rub linseed oil into your wooden handles to help preserve them.
*Sharpen your cutting tools as well as the blades of shovels and spades during the gardening season. A hone or whetstone should be used for sharpening cutting tools. A file should be used to remove nicks and smooth the edge of your shovels and trowels.
*Thoroughly clean any tools which have been used for chemical applications. Fertilizers and other chemicals will rapidly corrode any metal parts.
*For extra rust prevention, fill a 5 gallon bucket with builders sand and pour a quart of new motor oil over it. Use this as a shovel cleaner/oiler each time you put your tools away.
Plunge each tool in and out the oily sand several times after use.
You can also use this bucket as a shovel stand.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.915428
Retrieved Text: Would you like to give a gift with a difference this year? A gift that will provide many years of happy memories but will not cost the Earth? Here are 6 great reasons to consider a gift voucher for a photoshoot.
A bucket and spade - such a timeless thing isn’t it? Growing up, I was so lucky that we lived within walking distance of the beach and so – as I remember it at least – all our summer holidays were spent either swimming or heads down, digging in the sand. I’m sure it probably did rain sometimes but as far as I can recall those long summers were wall-to-wall sun, sea and sand.
Buying our son a bucket and spade therefore felt like a rite of passage that I was really looking forward to. The ‘big’ purchase was a £1.20 little red bucket with yellow handle and little blue spade. None of the fancy sets you can get these days which include a sieve, some shapes and all kinds of other things. Just a bog-standard bucket and spade from a beach shop in Lyme Regis.
In all honesty, I think it was probably more of a purchase for me than it was for our then 18 month old! However, I had no idea then quite how integral those little bits of plastic would become to his early milestones. They obviously accompany us on every summer beach expedition and every holiday but it was only when I was looking back at some of last year’s photos that I

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.887487
Retrieved Text: China Gold for Mining Dredge Mini Gold Dredge for Sale. Chat Online. high quality dredgers and good after sale service. .. 8. Hydraulic driving for spud flat down to pass and transport on water safely. Chat Online. Cheap bucket suction dredge ship deals.
Cutter Suction Dredger, Bucket Dredger for Sale, Sand Suction Dredger manufacturer / supplier in China, offering Modern Design Attractive Price Dredger Machine with Good Quality, Ce Approved Coffee Roaster Machine, Industrial Coffee Bean Baking Machine Sale and so on.
Bucket Gold Dredge For Sale, Wholesale Various High Quality Bucket Gold Hot selling mini bucket river lake sand/gold chain wheel dredge boat for sale. Bucket Chain Gold Dredge large gold mining dredge for sale . China good quality low price mini and large river sand cutter suction dredger for sale. Chat Online.
Gold Mining Dredge, Wholesale Various High Quality Gold Mining Dredge Products from Global Gold Mining Dredge Bucket chain wheel sand/gold mining dredge for sale . China Professional Hot Sold Gold Mining Dredge for Sale.
China Professional Hot Sold Gold Mining Dredge for Sale .. factory price good quality river sea gold sand suction pump extraction dredge for sale . SINOLINKING Offer Video Complete Processing Line Gold Mining Dredge for Sale.
China Dredge manufacturers Select 2018 high quality Dredge products in best price from certified Chinese Mining Equipment manufacturers, Mineral Machinery suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made in China Gold Suction Dredge for Sale From China . FOB Price US $ 13500 15500 / Piece Min. Order 1 Piece.
Find great deals on eBay for dredge bucket. Shop with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.885107
Retrieved Text: Bucket Toys N' Treats from Foreign Candy Company have everything for a perfect day at the beach – four mini swirl lollipops, four small sand toys and a pack of candy sand, all wrapped in a mesh bag. These candy/toys are perfect for kids and also make great beach themed party favors. There are 12 Mini Candy Beach Buckets per box.
Beach Bucket Toys N' Treats is the perfect treat for any kid! Whether you’re going to the beach, the lake, or just to the sandbox, Beach Bucket Toys N' Treats has something for everyone! Each castle-building bucket comes with 4 sand tools, 4 lollipops AND a packet of candy sand. These candy/toys are perfect for kids and also make great beach themed party favors. There are 12 Mini Candy Beach Buckets per box.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.810673
Retrieved Text: Properly storing garden tools can help them last much longer and work much more effectively and it doesn’t require some big, fancy, expensive racking system. Check out this clever little solution for storing your favourite small hand tools for the garden!
I’ve been needing to do a better job of storing garden tools for the past few years so I love this simple but effective solution that I came up with. We do have an area in our garage with hooks and racks for our larger garden tools like our rakes and shovels, but the smaller garden tools like the spades and the little hand-held cultivators were always sadly neglected. This was especially silly since those are the ones I end up using the most. I wanted to keep them tidy, in a place where I could always find them, and also take better care of them.
You’ve probably heard that you should sharpen some of your garden tools so that they work more effectively and you may have also heard that it’s a good idea to oil your garden tools after you rinse them off to prevent them from rusting. This solution helps to take care of both of this issues!
Start out with a simple terra cotta pot. The one I used is about 10″ in diameter.
I gave mine a faux aging treatment with paint, which I told you all about a few days ago.
Next, working in a large bowl or bucket, mix together enough sand to fill the terra cotta pot with some mineral oil. You

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.752249
Retrieved Text: Microplastics are less than 5mm in size and account for over 90% of the world’s marine plastics. But they are often missed in beach clean ups and many people do not see them. This protocol is designed to count microplastics on sandy beaches. Soon we will also have a protocol for rocky beaches.
1 x Hand-held GPS unit or reliable GPS phone app.
3 x ropes that are exactly 2 m long doubled up and tied. This is your quadrat. When laid on the ground and stretched into a square, the rope will make a square of 1 m on each side. If you have more than 2-3 people, have 3 ropes per 2-3 people.
2 x buckets. Ideally one 5 gallon bucket. The second can be smaller. If you have a large group, bring 2 buckets per 2-3 people.
1 x scoop (any plastic or metal cup with a thin lip will work). This is to scoop sand into buckets. Bring 1 scoop per 2-3 people.
3 x sieves. One should be 5mm, one should be 1mm, and one should be .335 mm. These are the standard sizes used in science on marine plastics. If you cannot afford these sieves, you can make your own using fine mesh or nylon pantyhose. The minimum size should be .335 mm, but 1mm is also a useful measure for microplastics.
12 x sample bags or jars. These should be able to contain 800ml or more, though it depends on how much plastic is on your beach.
1 x permanent marker for writing on specimen bags.

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To set the J bolt into the concrete mix in the mold.

Choice 1: Push in the J bolt into the poured concrete mix in the mold before it cures, making sure it's straight and square.

Choice 2: Push in the J bolt into the poured concrete mix in the mold after it cures, making sure it's straight and square.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.486069
Retrieved Text: What kind of mix is the best to use?
There are many different brands of mixes all over the United States. Some are not available everywhere and each brand has different types of mixes, they all work in our molds. You can use regular concrete mixes with aggregates to cement mixes with no aggregates or even fast setting mixes. Some mixes mix thinner than others some mix up like a brownie batter consistency while others are more like a pancake batter. The main trick to the mixes that they all have in common is to mix them as their instructions state. As adding to much water to the mix can give you problems.
Do I need to add reinforcement to the piece?
You can add reinforcement to the pieces when pouring if you want like fiberglass strands, chicken wire, rebar, regular wire (coat hanger thickness). You do not have to add reinforcement to the pieces if you choose not to as most mixes will cure to 3000 psi or greater if mixed and poured properly. Depending upon your application and what you are looking to achieve it is up to you.
Do I need to support my molds with anything?
You can use support for the larger molds if you feel you need to but all the molds can be used like they are. For instance if you wanted additional support for a bench top or leg you could use a sand box or a simple two by four jig to set the mold into for additional support.
It is recommended that

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.47225
Retrieved Text: Casting a pair of concrete nesting tables is a project that provides both modern design form and function, all while taking space restrictions into account.
Layout the desired height and width of the table mold with Legos; build up the mold brick by brick until desired width is reached.
Place Lego support braces at the top of the mold to keep walls from bending outward due to the weight of the concrete.
On the bottom of the mold place small Lego base plates. This allows for easy removal.
Take the QUIKRETE Counter Top Mix in a 5 gallon bucket and mix in with clean tap water.
Take spade and spoon into Lego form, adding about 3 inches at a time. Then take wooden dowel and push concrete mix down into mold, making sure to get concrete mix into corners. Vibrate the mold to release any air bubbles. Repeat this process until the mold is full.
After pouring the concrete, level and smooth off the top of the mold. It is not vital that it is perfectly smooth as Lego side will facing towards the front.
Leave the concrete and allow to cure for at least 20 hours before removing the mold.
After the concrete has cured, remove Legos from the concrete.
QUIKTIP: Remove a few upper layers and the flip the mold removing bricks from the bottom. Needle nose plies makes removing bottom layers easier.
Clean the Legos by flaking off easy to remove concrete. If concrete remains, use toothbrush and cool soapy water to remove excess concrete.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.304815
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 12:52:22 am at 04/25/2019 12:52:22 am in Strongest Concrete Mix.
strongest concrete mix concrete mix is similar in appearance to portland cement concrete and may be applied using similar methods apply concrete mix from 2 to 24 inches thick tips and tricks for concrete crafting instructions to make tipstricksconcretecraftingmadebybarbfeaturejpg.
shop for the right concrete mix at the home depot concrete mix buying guide, what is cement sand aggregate ratios in concrete mixing quora cement sand and aggregate ratios depends on type of concrete used the table below gives you complete information about ratios and propositions of mix used , correct ratios for concrete mixes workers mixing concrete, how to properly mix and pour concrete steps with pictures for small molds youll need to scoop your concrete mix into the mold and push the concrete into all corners and voids ive found it helpful to use a thin , how to use prepackaged concrete mix with pictures wikihow , a a stepping stone the destination for your backyard paradise rapidsetconcrete, quickrete concrete mix bulk concrete mix quikrete lb concrete mix quickrete concrete mix set time concrete concrete mix set time cement set time quikrete concrete mix, concrete mix cts cement rapid set construction cement concrete mix is similar in appearance to portland cement concrete and may be applied using similar methods apply concrete mix from to inches thick, recommended concrete mixes for various types of construction for one cement bag batch, highstrength concrete mix strongest concrete mix sakrete sakrete highstrengthconcretelbpkgjpg , the day myth national precast concrete

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.048265
Retrieved Text: G&S Industries produce poles which can be baseplate mounted or buried directly into the ground. Our baseplate mounted poles are installed onto anchor bolts which are set into concrete footings. We strongly suggest that these concrete footings be designed by an accredited engineer who will require the soil conditions for the particular site location. We are able to assist with this service if required.
Each set of anchor bolts consist of two “U” shaped steel bolts in a 4 bolt arrangement and individual “J” bolts in 8 to 24 bolt designs. All bolts are hot dipped galvanized and supplied complete with a former / template to match the pole flange / baseplate. To attach the former template to the anchor bolts, thread one nut onto each thread and then place a washer onto each nut. Then place the template former over the threads. Place another washer over each thread and then screw and fasten tightly another nut down onto each thread.
Place two wooden gluts across the footing hole to support the anchor bolt arrangement. Place the anchor bolt arrangement into the footing hole using the wooden gluts to support the anchor bolt arrangement. The tops of the bolts should be set so that they protrude approximately 150 mm out of the concrete, which will allow for nuts, washers, baseplate and sufficient room underneath the pole baseplate for grouting and to allow sufficient thread above the top nut for securing of the pole.
All of the necessary electrical or communication conduits and any other required services must be installed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.417746
Retrieved Text: HALLOWEEN IS RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER AND ITS TIME TO DECORATE. IN THIS ARTICLE, I’M GOING TO SHOW YOU HOW TO CREATE A SIMPLE CONCRETE PUMPKIN FIRE PIT USING A $1 CANDY BUCKET JACK-O-LANTERN FROM WALMART AS A MOLD.
With Halloween right around the corner its time to get festive. It’s getting a bit chilly now with fall underway so I thought I’d mix it up a bit by making a fire pit that I could also display as decoration. Not that I needed an excuse but, it also provides a great excuse to work with concrete, which I hadn’t done in some time since making these DIY Halloween Decorations using Concrete and Plaster !
Sart by setting up the mold. Remove the handle from the candy bucket and create the interior mold using aluminum flashing. Then rub petroleum jelly inside the plastic pumpkin and on the exterior of the aluminum flashing. This will help when removing the concrete from the mold. You can use a large cup in place of aluminum flashing.
Step 3: STEP 3. POUR THE CONCRETE INTO THE MOLD.
Spread a plastic bag or something over your work area because this can and will get messy. Pour the concrete into the pumpkin mold almost to the rim of the pumpkin. Then take the center mold and push it down into the concrete mix. Place a weight on the top of the pumpkin to ensure the center mold stays submerged in the concrete.
Step 4: STEP 4. ALLOW 48 HOURS FOR THE CONCRETE TO SET.
Take a utility knife

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.325348
Retrieved Text: On March 18th, 2013, Shea Concrete Products of Wilmington, MA completed delivery of the new J-J Hooks MASH TL3 bolt-down barriers with Hilti anchoring system to the Larz Anderson Memorial Bridge project in Cambridge. The bridge, listed on both State and National Historic Registers, was built during the late 1800's and is a vital transportation link connecting the cities of Cambridge and Boston and is the primary connection between two Harvard University campuses.
The Massachusetts Department of Transportation (MassDOT) is undertaking the project to rehabilitate and restore the historic Anderson Memorial Bridge. In March 2012, they awarded the $19.98 million contract to Barletta Heavy Division, Inc. When the project is completed in 2014, the bridge will meet Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) standards to improve vehicular, pedestrian and bicycle access and meet Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and Massachusetts Architectural Access Board (MAAB) standards.
MassDOT is carrying out the rehabilitation project as part of the Commonwealth's $3 billion Accelerated Bridge Program, which is expediting the rehabilitation or replacement of bridges with serious deficiencies by 2016.
The MASH barriers represent an expansion of the successful J-J Hooks self-aligning connection system used in 'free-standing' installations for over two decades. "They are unique because they can be bolted to bridge decks or pinned to highways, meeting the new FHWA MASH TL3 requirements," said Greg Stratis, Shea Concrete Products Manager.
Shea Concrete has been providing barriers to the Massachusetts market for over 20 years. With the addition of the J-J Hooks MASH TL3, Shea Concrete has become one of only two certified manufacturers that can

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.255396
Retrieved Text: Ennstone Thistle buys concrete firm "Connons" and extends market coverage in North East Scotland.
Ennstone Thistle has brought readymix concrete and contracting business J H Connon for £1.1m.
Ennstone said that J H Connon would complement and expand Ennstone's activities in the North East Scottish region. The firm, which is also known as Connons, has an annual turnover of £5m and is based in Aberdeen.
The acquisition will include the transfer of 54 Connons employees to Ennstone Thistle including Mike Macaulay, who will join Ennstone Thistle as business development manager, and Kenny Findlay who will join as area contracting manager.
Vaughan McLeod, Chairman, said: “This is another good bolt-on acquisition which will strengthen our ready-mix concrete and contracting business in Scotland through its strong brand and customer base."
Ennstone Thistle is part of aggregates and ready mixed concrete firm Ennstone.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.220123
Retrieved Text: concrete slurry recipe 32 he examples quikrete countertop mix concrete review home design best where.
concrete slurry recipe thin film slurry for spalled concrete floor create cement lace using doilies and other crochet items hometalk create cement lace using doilies and other crochet items concrete masonry container gardening.
concrete slurry recipe concrete countertops mix recipe concrete mix recipes present concrete mix recipes drawing spacious used counter tops concrete countertops mix recipe you should probably know this concrete countertop slurry mix recipe dont get concrete countertop yet first read this.
concrete slurry recipe melting sealant on concrete driveway drilled shaft stabilization matrix construction products the project is a sf expansion and sf renovation of the existing medical center at grade with a full basement and a parking garage below the.
concrete slurry recipe after the concrete solids are removed from the concrete slurry a patty is made that can mix amazon where to buy near me quikrete countertop lb tint base step.
concrete slurry recipe the piece on the left has not yet been slurried and the piece on the the lowcountry lady big green egg concrete top table plans main parts.
concrete slurry recipe hand dipped plaster flower tutorial the basics from 3peppers recipescom diy flowers .
concrete slurry recipe diy concrete witch ghoul madebybarb draped concrete spook witch the lowcountry lady big green egg concrete top table plans main parts.
concrete slurry recipe diy cement molds to make concrete garden pots concrete quarterly.
concrete slurry recipe concrete quarterly.
concrete slurry recipe how to add drainage into concrete pots with plastic pipe expressions ltd concrete countertop

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.862555
Retrieved Text: Learn how to easily color concrete and use silicone to make reusable molds for casting concrete.
Hopefully plastic packaging will be replaced with more responsible alternatives in the future, but if it isn't going to biodegrade on its own, you might as well put it to use before it goes in a landfill.
I used a glue stick but a candle would have been easier to remove.
Mold Star® silicones cure to soft, strong rubbers which are tear resistant and exhibit very low long-term shrinkage. Molds made with Mold Star® will last a long time in your mold library and are good for casting wax, gypsum, resins, concrete and other materials.
I cut an X into the lid of the cap with a knife to help keep the drill bit from slipping. I then drilled a hole right through the center of the lid. The hole should be a little smaller than the glue stick or candle.
Carve the hole with the knife so that it's just big enough for the candle or glue stick to tightly fit in.
I mixed the pigment with the water before adding the water to the dry concrete mix. Use clean water and add pigment in proportion to the manufacturer’s recommendations. You can increase the color intensity by adding more pigment and decrease it by adding less.
Mix the colored water into the concrete. Since the concrete is being poured through the narrow mouth of the plastic bottle, I made the concrete a little more watery than usual.
Once the concrete has cured for at least 24 hours,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.85563
Retrieved Text: anchor bolt embedment chart table 1 tolerances for bolts and column base plates.
anchor bolt embedment chart bolts for in concrete piers 5 8 diagram of j.
anchor bolt embedment chart technical data.
anchor bolt embedment chart with hit z anchors.
anchor bolt embedment chart the minimum depth into concrete should be measured from bracket to interface.
anchor bolt embedment chart diagram.
anchor bolt embedment chart ignore this input if it is 2 line case.
anchor bolt embedment chart the is a high performance that cuts its own threads into concrete.
anchor bolt embedment chart spacing tension and shear.
anchor bolt embedment chart bolts.
anchor bolt embedment chart edge distance shear.
anchor bolt embedment chart notes.
anchor bolt embedment chart wedge.
anchor bolt embedment chart stainless steel foundation bolts and.
anchor bolt embedment chart how to install a concrete wedge anchors.
anchor bolt embedment chart this no of will be used as to calculate the tensile force caused by moment.
anchor bolt embedment chart adhesive volume calculator.
anchor bolt embedment chart probabilistic capacity models and fragility estimates for steel pedestals used to elevate bridges journal of structural engineering vol no.
anchor bolt embedment chart wedge expansion concrete anchors are heavy duty used in cracked and they have wedges that expand holes to.
anchor bolt embedment chart bolts this product is preferable to similar connectors because of a easier installation b higher loads c lower installed cost.
anchor bolt embedment chart figure.
anchor bolt embedment chart general specifications.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.532703
Retrieved Text: Aileen from At Home in Love made us these nifty little concrete magnets. Here's how.
Materials: a silicone ice cube tray, magnets, concrete mix, a bucket or container to mix the concrete in, a stick for stirring, and a cup to scoop the concrete with.
1. Mix the concrete according to the directions on the package. Start by putting a couple inches of water in the bottom of my bucket, then pour in the concrete mix until it reached the consistency of pancake batter (or a little thicker).
2. Scoop the concrete out and fill each compartment of the silicone mold about half full (or however thick you want your finished magnets to be). If they're not quite even, you can adjust the levels with a spoon.
3. Pick up the mold and set it down again a couple times to make sure the concrete has reached every corner.
4. When the concrete has just started to set but is still pliable, push in the magnets, leaving just the very top of them poking out.
5. Wait for the concrete to fully set, following the directions on the package. Or if you're impatient, wait at least 8 hours.
6. Pop the hardened magnets out of the silicone mold. They should come out really easily.
7. You can sand the bottom edges to smooth them out a little if you'd like.
And that's it! Stick them on your fridge and admire your handiwork.
Use little salt and pepper shakers as molds to create small round brooches. Decorate with paint or lace for an industrial accessory. Full tutorial

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.410366
Retrieved Text: When attempting to remodel outdoor areas of the house you may have need of concrete decoratives, such as statues or figurines for your garden. But finding something really unique in home and garden stores is difficult and expensive. There is another option. You can make your own concrete mold and use it to produce as many castings as you like for your outdoor projects. This guide will explain how to create and use molds specifically designed for concrete statuary.
Seal the pores of the item to be cast in a mold. Use a store bought sealing agent, shellac or paste wax. Use at least two coats and let it dry fifteen minutes between coats. Set it aside to dry.
Use the sealing agent again on the inside of the leak proof container. A large Rubbermaid container will work well, though cardboard can be substituted if the mold is very small.
Use the release agent on the item and the container. They can be found in hardware stores, usually in a spray can. What you specifically want is an agent that acts on latex and rubber polysulfate.
Take your pourable rubber and mix it up in an expendable jug or pale, this should be the PMC-726, the other kind will be used later. It will typically come in the form of a liquid agent and a powdered agent which must be combined before it can solidify.
Pour an inch or two of the rubber into the bottom of your container, making sure it’s evenly coated.
Wait a few moments for the rubber to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.364817
Retrieved Text: Duplicating objects you love can be made easy by making a silicone mold and filling it with a QUIKRETE Concrete Mix.
Select the object being molded and cast.
Cut off top of water bottle, and then, make a second cut ½ an inch above the top of the object to make a tube for the mold.
Cut a 1 inch wide band from the remaining water bottle as a support for the mold.
Cut a piece of plastic from another bottle, as the base, and hot glue the object to the plastic bottom.
Hot glue the tube to the plastic base around the object and ensure it is sealed and water tight.
Pour water into the tube and cover the entire object to ensure it won’t leak.
Pour that water into the cup made of the bottom part of the water bottle.
Draw a line at the top of the water to show how much silicone you will need.
Mix and pour the silicone into the tube and then let cure.
Cut away any plastic from the outside of the silicone mold.
Remove the object from inside the silicone mold.
Tip: You may need to cut the silicone to help free the object and if so, try to cut the silicone where it will be least visible on the mold.
Slide the 1 inch plastic ring around the silicone mold to hold it tightly together.
Mix the concrete, following the instructions on the bag, and pour the mix into the mold.
Tip: Make the concrete a little more watery than usual to help it pour easier into the small mold.
Tap and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.080091
Retrieved Text: Creating a stepping stone pathway in your yard or garden can be a necessary part of landscaping as well as a form of self-expression. Although there are many ways to create yard and garden pathways, making your own stepping stones is a fun project that can be enjoyed by the entire family. Making stepping stones is a wonderful way to bring both personality and useful protection to an often-traveled path.
Choose a mold for your stepping stone. Cake pans and pie pans work the best, but you can also use plastic tubs or cardboard boxes. You can also find special molds for making stepping stones in an arts and crafts store.
The mold needs to be at least 2 inches (5.1 cm) thick.
If the edges of your mold are not rigid, then you will need to use something to reinforce them until the concrete hardens. This usually takes about 24 hours.
Coat the inside of your mold with petroleum jelly or nonstick cooking spray. This will make it easier to remove the stepping stone from the mold. If you are using a cardboard mold, cover the inside of the mold with a plastic sheet (ie: plastic wrap or a plastic bag) first. It would be a good idea to grease the plastic sheet afterwards as well. Keep in mind that if the plastic has any wrinkles or seams in it, then these will likely show on the concrete as well.
Put on protective gear. This is very important. Concrete is dusty and can irritate sensitive skin. It's not something you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.008167
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 02:49:02 pm at 04/20/2019 02:49:02 pm in Epoxy Bolt Into Concrete.
epoxy bolt into concrete the most versatile quick cure adhesive anchor optional epoxy grip anchor bolt kit concrete anchors maxjax usa maxjax epoxy anchor install maxjax epoxy anchor kit.
lag bolt for concrete get quotations a lag bolts lag bolt concrete lag bolt for concrete hexagonal wood screws screwing lag bolts into concrete epoxy lag bolts concrete , anchoring bolts in concrete concrete anchor concrete anchor bolt anchoring bolts in concrete concrete anchor concrete anchor bolt wedge bolts concrete anchor epoxy anchoring bolts into concrete anchoring bolts into , epoxy bolt into concrete when and where to use a chemical resin epoxy bolt into concrete common embedded fasteners to masonry materials epoxy bolt concrete epoxy concrete anchors epoxy bolt into concrete , structure magazine postinstalled reinforcement figure , epoxy anchors for concrete nomadeninfo epoxy anchors for concrete anchor bolt epoxy resin concrete limitations epoxy set concrete anchors, fasteners anchor fasteners how anchor fasteners work concrete hilti gun for chemical anchor fasteners, sakrete rapid setting epoxy king home improvement products sakrete rapid setting anchoring epoxy is a twocomponent epoxy compound used to anchor bolts or other metal objects in concrete and masonry, epoxy bolt into concrete when and where to use a chemical resin epoxy bolt into concrete one must always determine whether the substrate installation into unsound weak or epoxy bolt into concrete , anchoring bolts in concrete dimensions and marking of anchor bolts anchoring bolts in concrete anchor bolt anchor bolt anchoring bolts in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.230516
Retrieved Text: Concrete tiles can look like other materials.
Concrete floor tiles are decorative and durable, and can imitate the look of other materials, like natural stone. While concrete tiles come in many shapes, sizes and colors, you may want to create custom tiles or a unique, one-of-a-kind tile without paying the often-steep cost that comes with customized products. Fortunately, creating molds for custom concrete tiles is something that you can do yourself, and you can even find kits that help you with just this project.
Select an item to make a mold from, such as a decorative tile or stone. Rubber molds can re-create items in great detail, so you can choose items with a textured or detailed surface.
Clean and seal the item that you want to make a mold from using sealer and a brush. This is particularly important for porous materials such as natural stone or unsealed concrete. Stone or concrete sealers are suitable. Wait for the sealer to dry.
Prepare a box to hold the rubber. The box should be an inch or so larger than the item all the way around. For small tiles, a sturdy cardboard box will work. If you want to make a particularly large tile, you may want to build a custom wooden box for extra stability. Be sure that the box will not leak.
Place your item in the bottom of the box, face up. Apply a little hot glue to the bottom of the item to prevent it from shifting.
Mix the rubber according to your instructions; be thorough. Poorly mixed rubber

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.220688
Retrieved Text: A: You can, of course, get texture in your concrete by taking molds of things that have textures of their own. For instance you can start with a clay original, give it whatever texture you want, then take a urethane or silicone rubber mold from it, paint in the first layer of concrete mortar, then apply the rest after this has set. After two days or so, remove the mold and your texture will be positive again. If this is too much work, or you want to work more directly, try making open-faced molds—this can be as simple as a depression in the ground lined with plastic film—and lining them with crushed rock of various sorts, or small pebbles, colored sand, etc. I have made columns this way, constructing my molds from plywood, which I lined on the bottom surface with crushed lava. I then laid broken pottery face down in the bed of lava and poured concrete over this. When unmolded, the concrete had stuck to the ceramic and the red lava gave it some color.
Another approach is to incorporate pebbles, rocks, or other permanent materials (try lime-proof pigments from your concrete supply) into the concrete mix, then unmolding it before it is quite set and with a brush and water eroding the surface until the stones or whatever are revealed. This is called “exposed aggregate”. Concrete can also serve as a substrate for mosaic work. It is best to set ceramic or glass tile onto concrete that has not fully cured, but if you

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.190895
Retrieved Text: The crown/base mold measures 13 1/2" x 13 1/2" and will also need to be poured twice in order to get one crown and one base for your pedestal.
The mold for the center section creates half of the pedestal so it has to be poured twice (has to set up for about 24 to 48 hours to set up each time).
Wait a few days before mortaring the items together (concrete continues to set up and harden from the outside through to the center). You can use a simple mortar mix or concrete adhesive (also found at any hardware/home improvement store). Complete, easy to follow instructions are included in set.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.158688
Retrieved Text: How to make DIY concrete planters in geometric shapes using a cardboard mold.
Hey, Brent here! Today I am sharing these geometric concrete planters I made this past weekend using cardboard molds. You may have noticed things were a little slow around the blog last week. That is because Courtney and I spent the past week in San Francisco! We had a great time exploring the city.
Unfortunately, Courtney caught a cold on the way back home so while she was resting this weekend I took it upon myself to start a new project that was inexpensive and quick to put together (if you don’t count waiting for the concrete to dry).
I had fun experimenting and making these DIY concrete planters to display around the house.
FYI: This post contains a few affiliate links to products we used to make this project. Gray House Studio does receive commissions for sales from these links but at no extra cost to you. We appreciate you supporting this site. Read our privacy and disclosure policy.
1. The first thing I did was measure and trace seven triangles on cardboard and then cut out each individual cardboard triangle with the box cutter. At the end of this post I have included a PDF of the pattern I created for our geometric concrete planters to download if you are interested in making your own.
2. I cut out seven triangles of equal size and then arranged them into the pattern above.
3. Next, I taped the inside seams of the triangles together.
4. Once the box was taped

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.451162
Retrieved Text: VENEER STONE MOLD- COMPLETE SAMPLE KIT for mold quality testing.
This kit includes all material needed to make a concrete stone cast except water. No special equipment, experience, or skills are required to make a stone for your project. - - JUST FOLLOW OUR SIMPLE INSTRUCTIONS.
1. Apply Release Agent to the mold.
4. Mix all materials with water thoroughly at least 3 minutes making sure that you scrape the sides and bottom of the mixing container.
6. Pour rest of the material.
7. Cover mold with a plastic sheet.
Allow concrete to cure a minimum 12 hrs to 24 hrs , it all depends on what concrete mix is used, weather conditions, the size of the mold, and the amount of water used. The cycle time can be reduced further by using a faster setting concrete mix.
The best way to store the stones is by covering them in plastic at temperatures above 70F(20C) degrees for about 12 hours.
Please note: The mold is pre-released. No release agent required for the 1-st casting.
Do not store the curing stone in direct sunlight for the first 7 days, at least.
Release agent will aid in releasing concrete or gypsum plaster castings from rubber molds. Release agent provides a clean, positive release and does not interfere with or affect surface detail and helps minimize air bubbles in finished castings. Properly used, mold release improves molding efficiency for a variety of casting applications and will actually lengthen the life of your production mold.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.399794
Retrieved Text: The Quikrete company manufactures a wide variety of cement products designed to harden in much less time than traditional concrete and cement requires.... QUIKRETE ProFinish 5000 80-lb High Strength Concrete Mix. Lowes.com QUIKRETE ProFinish 5000 80-lb High Strength Concrete Mix at Lowe's. For any concrete use requiring high early strength and rapid strength gains where superior workability is desired.
Quikrete Concrete Mix is the original 4000 PSI average compressive strength blend of Portland cement, sand and gravel or stone. Just add water.... 25/09/2008 · For very small concrete projects like sidewalk or driveway repairs, bags of premixed concrete can be a money saving alternative to buying Ready-Mixed bulk concrete.
Quikrete 5000 is easy to work with, just make sure you buy the correct amount for your project and stick to the recommended water-to-concrete ratio. The goal is to have as smooth a surface as... How to make a QUIKRETE Walkmaker patio The QUIKRETE WalkMaker is a super simple product to use. The WalkMaker comes in a number of different patterns to elevate your basic concrete patio or path into something really special.
TIP: each 2’x2’ Walkmaker form is designed for use with one 80-pound bag of QUIKRETE concrete Mix. APPLICATION Use a bucket or trowel to fill each mold cavity level with surface of mold.
The Quikrete company manufactures a wide variety of cement products designed to harden in much less time than traditional concrete and cement requires.
QUIKRETE Concrete Resurfacer is a special blend of QUIKRETE Concrete Resurfacer is a special blend of Portland cement sand polymer modifiers and other

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.177189
Retrieved Text: threaded rod eye bolt larger image price din lifting eye bolts ss bolts alloy steel bolts steelbolttypeeyebolt.
threaded rod eye bolt thread rod hollow threaded rod eye bolts eye bolt with collar paskal eyeboltsjpg.
threaded rod eye bolt indian manufacturers exporters of hex nuts hexagonal nuts hexagon nuts hex head nuts hex bolts hexagonal bolts hexagon bolts hex head bolts heavy duty special eye bolt stainless steel part view part view part view.
threaded rod eye bolt high tensile carbon steel galvanized eye bolts 1 1 2 full threaded rod acme threaded rod and stainless steel small eye bolt and m self acme threaded rod and stainless steel small eye bolt and m self tapping screws.
threaded rod eye bolt iron material expansion anchor bolt high quality eye bolts anchors iron material expansion anchor bolt high quality eye bolts anchors of grade.
threaded rod eye bolt anchoring bolts in concrete heavy duty concrete foundation bolts anchors anchoring threaded rod in concrete anchoring bolts in concrete anchoring eye bolt rs pro eyebolt m rs components main product.
threaded rod eye bolt high quality fasteners types of bolts nuts wshers anchor fasteners stud bolts eye bolt stud threaded rod cotter pin socket screw fine fasteners bolts steel bolts nut boltindustrial fastener supplier original photograph of steel bolts at our warehouse mumbai india.
threaded rod eye bolt bolt m10 eye bolt free shipping m3 m4 m5 m6 m8 m10 m12 m14 m16 304 etra threaded rods din hdg image.
threaded rod eye bolt macsim bolt range eye bolts suncor stainless eye bolts.
threaded rod eye bolt heavy duty

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.119484
Retrieved Text: Aurorax Pathmate Random Stone Mold, Reusable Concrete Cement Stone Design Paver Walk Maker Mould – Pattern for Paving Pavement Patio Walkway (G) – It worked great and was for the right price.
If you have been looking for top recommended best decorative stone reviews, this Aurorax Pathmate Random Stone Mold, Reusable Concrete Cement Stone Design Paver Walk Maker Mould – Pattern for Paving Pavement Patio Walkway (G) is the best low-cost product on the web i have searched. The product is well appreciated by customers. The Aurorax is equipped with a large number of features that makes it great product. There’s a special offer on Aurorax this week, and buying now can save you a significant amount of money.
Feature: 100% brand new and high quality. Quantity: 1 Set Model A=Irregular:43 x 43 x 4 cm Model E =Grid:40 x 40 x 4 cm Model F =Grid:45 x 40 x 4 cm Model G=Grid:30x 30 x 4 cm Material：Plastic How to use this Concrete Paver Mold to build the pathways: Step 1:Mix cement with water, according to package directions. When ready to use, the concrete will be the consistency of oatmeal and thick enough to hold an edge when you slice into it with a shovel.
I have found most affordable price of Aurorax Pathmate Random Stone Mold, Reusable Concrete Cement Stone Design Paver Walk Maker Mould – Pattern for Paving Pavement Patio Walkway (G) from Amazon store. It offers fast and free shipping. Best decorative stone for sale will be limited stock of certain product and discount only

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.929697
Retrieved Text: lowes pressure washer extension renting power washer jack hammer rental pressure washer rental psi electric pressure washer hot water.
stanley phillips screwdriver cushion grip screwdrivers range stanley 2 phillips screwdriver stanley fatmax phillips screwdriver set.
j bolts in concrete asphalt anchors home depot j bolts for concrete j bolt concrete wedge anchor bolts home depot kitchen faucets concrete anchor bolts bunnings concrete bolts anchors.
kitchen organizer shelf 2 of 6 pull down spice rack organizer shelf cabinet kitchen storage holder kitchen wall shelf storage ideas kitchen shelf organizer diy.
34 inch shower door inch x inch semi fixed shower door in oil rubbed bronze 34 inch neo angle shower doors 34 shower doors.
boral cultured stone a 1 2 mortar joints cultured boral cultured stone southern ledgestone chardonnay boral cultured stone chardonnay.
modern bathroom rugs serendipity dark gray in x in washable bathroom accent rug modern farmhouse bathroom rugs modern bathroom rugs uk.
where to get wood cut we wood cutting tools amazon wood cutting tools.
custom bbq cover custom bbq covers toronto custom bbq covers perth.
well water purification systems for home whole house water filtration system home reviews for lead water purification systems home depot under sink water filtration system home depot.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.892033
Retrieved Text: Your men did a great job! I am very pleased with the results.
No matter how clean your home or deck may seem, concrete stains around your home can be an eyesore and a half.
Always beneath our feet and often forgotten, concrete walkways and driveways are quick to soak up mineral stains, sprout mold and mildew build ups and develop tree sap marks. Being so close to the ground exposes your sidewalk or driveway to some of nature’s ugliest stains, and it’s nearly impossible to get some of them up through household means.
That’s where J&J Power Washing comes in. We’re always happy to send one of our teams over to blast the grime right off of your concrete and stone walkways. We’ll provide our always affordable rates, and bring the experience you need to the table. Elaborate walkways aren’t cheap, and improper washing can leave them looking worse than they did with the stains – but you can always count on J&J to deliver high quality work that’s suited to your property’s individual needs.
For some examples of our concrete and stone work cleaning, be sure to visit our gallery.
If you’d like more information, or want to set up an estimate, contact us today!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.791533
Retrieved Text: Use Rapid Set 55 lb. Mortar Mix for repair and formed work. The crack-resistant, non-shrink formula is designed for strength and durability, and it works very well on overhead and vertical applications.
ECOBUST Breaks Rock and Concrete in just 3 Easy Steps, Drill, Mix, Pour and watch it Bust! No jack hammering or explosives needed making ECOBUST a safe, non-toxic, eco-friendly solution. No noise, dust, vibrations, fly rock, fumes or any other environmental pollution so it is ideal for sensitive jobs, big or small. ECOBUST produces an incredible 20,000 PSI of pressure, breaking any strength of rock or concrete into any shape and size desired. Get your next demolition job done quickly and safely, without the mess. Results typically occur within 24 hours, cracks may start to appear within 2 hours, depending on temperatures. TYPE 1 is for temperature climates between 20 to 35C (68 to 95F). 44LBS fills 35 lineal feet of 1.5" diameter hole OR 70 holes at 6" deep at 1.50" diameter.
QUIKRETE FastSet All-Crete is a fast setting non-shrink structural grout for concrete construction and repair such as concrete floors, roads and bridges. It can also be used for bolts and posts into concrete, grouting under columns and base plates and for filling voids and cracks.
55 lb. Mortar Mix Use Rapid Set 55 lb. Mortar Mix for repair and formed work. The crack-resistant, non-shrink formula is designed for strength and durability, and it works very well on overhead and vertical applications.
55 lb. Mortar Mix is rated 4.3 out of 5 by 230.
Rated 5 out

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.478407
Retrieved Text: You are viewing the Steel Wall page. All content within the 7 Days to Die Wiki is provided and edited by the community.
A Steel Wall is a craftable building material. It is the most durable building block in the game. It is created by upgrading a Reinforced Concrete block with five (5) Steel Ingots using the Repair Tool.
The Steel Ingot Mold is unlocked after reading The Riddle of Steel Recipe Book, while Rebar Frames and Concrete Mix are unlocked after reading the Set In Concrete Recipe Book.
A Steel Wall is the result of upgrading one (1) Reinforced Concrete block with five (5) Steel Ingots using a Repair Tool.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.396715
Retrieved Text: First, I hacked together a level table by screwing some 2x4s on top of sawhorses and then a ¾” sheet of plywood on top of that. I leveled the feet of the sawhorses in my garage. On top of that I built a mold for each counter out of ¾” malemine. These are designed to be slightly under 2” thick. I didn’t want the typical 1.5” top, and I didn’t want an overpowering 3”.
The mold has the edges sealed with black silicon sealant; I wish I would have used a smaller amount and taped lines to keep it straighter. I “glued” a chain and chainring down with some sealant.
We used white DFRC concrete from Concrete Exchange. It was “Surecrete Xtrme Precast Mix” – http://store.concreteexchange.com/surecrete-xtreme-series-precast-mix – $28.75 per bag, and we used thee bags per side for six total. It requires Surecrete Xtreme Modifier, and whatever pigment you want. We used “Jet Black”. The DFRC is fiber reinforced and doesn’t require a metal rebar form, and can allow you to have a lighter tabletop by not filling in the entire area. I took advantage of this by creating a sub-mold for the inside. The outside “rail” edge is the full 2” thick (by 2” wide — note that I’m going to have ½” of overhang — larger overhangs might want a wider edge for strength). The inside is about ¾” thick. I held the inner mold up by screwing it onto the top of the mold.
We didn’t vibrate the first pour very much and the result was

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.972311
Retrieved Text: Published 04/24/2019 08:42:04 pm at 04/24/2019 08:42:04 pm in Flagstone Concrete Mold.
flagstone concrete mold concrete pavers mold concrete molds sold 6 plastic molds flagstone casting concrete paving garden paths stone concrete pavers mold stone walk maker patios flawless carpentry barn concrete mold stone walk maker patios flawless carpentry barn concrete mold walkway patio.
amazoncom concrete mold flagstone stepping stone mold ss concrete mold flagstone stepping stone mold ss , stamped concrete molds for sale flagstone concrete stamped concrete molds for sale flagstone concrete, handmade flagstone walk seven seas lighting blog poured concrete flagstones with mold, slate flagstone concrete stepping stone mold set moldcreations slate flagstone concrete mold larger photo email a friend, flagstone concrete stepping stone mold set moldcreations our , good quality rubber silicone cement brick colored stamped concrete concrete stamping combined with different finishing techniques allows for unlimited design opportunities such as aged cobblestones brickwork flagstones , patio paver molds concrete and the concrete network vs concrete patio , how to make a flagstone concrete mold hunker , benefits of forms include retaining wall block molds produce big decorative , amazoncom sold pcs plastic molds flagstone casting concrete pcs plastik molds casting concrete paving garden paths pavement stone patios, concrete paver forms concrete molds and plus patio ideas and plus concrete .

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.913504
Retrieved Text: cement countertop forms concrete countertop cast in place forms commercial bar large square edge how to make a concrete countertop howtos diy a sturdy frame for your mold will keep the heavy concrete from bending it.
cement countertop forms concrete countertops edge form to make concrete countertop forming easier cement counter top cement countertop kit cement countertop forms cement counter top cement countertop kit cement countertop forms.
cement countertop forms beautiful countertop using our fancy edge by jen st jean zcounterform concretecountertop how to pour a concrete countertop in place a primer on concrete how.
cement countertop forms victorian curved concrete countertops stone passion salt lake city ut x concrete cement countertop weathered stone rock edge form stamp these edgeforms cannot be screwed through as they are not thick enough.
cement countertop forms concrete countertop edge forms colors plastic pvc countertop form edges for concrete countertops forming concrete counter top pvc plastic precast forms.
cement countertop forms diy concrete countertops 20 how to build concrete countertop forms bower power imgbgjpg.
cement countertop forms diy concrete countertops part 1 prepping the forms get that edge how edge forms can transform a countertop concrete this countertop was cast in a regular rectangular form the curved indent was created by.
cement countertop forms edge details for concrete countertops the concrete network concrete countertops surfacing solutions inc temecula ca.
cement countertop forms absolutely gorgeous concrete countertop zcounterform concretestaining epoxy solidmud concrete countertop forms mix and supplies diy concrete concrete countertop forms mix and supplies diy concrete countertops concrete countertop supplies pics.
cement countertop forms this countertop was cast in

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: Sentence: Eliminate odors in the laundry room.

Choice 1: Spray dirty laundry with air freshener, and open a window to clear the room of smell.

Choice 2: Combine baking soda and essential oil.  Place in an open jar in laundry room.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.446045
Retrieved Text: The sun's rays help to remove odors from clothing.
Scented dryer sheets contain perfumes that can leave a lasting fragrance on clothing. If the dryer sheet smell bothers you, switch to an unscented brand. In the meantime, air your fragrant clothing outdoors and use household items to remove traces of the scent from the dryer and laundry room. You also can wash the clothing again and add either 1 cup of vinegar or 1/4 cup of baking soda to the last rinse cycle to eliminate odors.
Put up a clothesline in your backyard to air out any material that has a strong dryer sheet smell. A slight breeze or steady wind can blow fresh air through your clothing. The sun's ultraviolet rays also remove odors, as well as killing bacteria and lightening stains. For subsequent laundry loads, take damp items from the washer and hang them on the line with clothespins. UV rays can fade bright colors, so hang certain articles of clothing inside out or in shaded areas.
Dryer sheets eliminate static cling by coating the items in the dryer with a thin layer of oil. This waxy film can build up along the interior lining of the lint filter and trap odors even after the lint is discarded. Remove the lint filter from the dryer and scrub it under running water with a rag and liquid detergent. Allow the filter to dry completely before putting it back in its original spot.
Switch to unscented dryer sheets so you can continue to eliminate static cling while not adding any

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.669216
Retrieved Text: Add 1/4 cup (small load) or 1/2 cup (medium or larger) of the OdorKlenz Laundry Additive along with your regular detergent to eliminate odors from your laundry. For HE and front load washers, add the additive along with your detergent in the designated detergent slot.
For top load washers, first partially fill the tub with water. Next add your normal detergent, followed by the OdorKlenz Laundry Enhancer, and then the clothing last as the water continues to fill.
Use along with your regular detergent, for best results use with warm water and do not use in combination with bleach or vinegar. Keep bottle closed when not in use to maintain the product’s effectiveness.
Add 1 scoop (small load) or 2 scoops (medium or larger) of the OdorKlenz Laundry Additive along with your regular detergent to eliminate odors from your laundry. For HE and front load washers, add the additive along with your detergent in the designated detergent slot.
For top load washers, first partially fill the tub with water. Next add your normal detergent, followed by the OdorKlenz Laundry Powder Additive, agitate the OdorKlenz powder additive in a tub with water until the powder is completely dissolved. Once dissolved you can now add clothing.
Safe for use on cotton, personal delicate, nylon, polyester, spandex, washable lace, washable rayon, washable wool, and all other washable fabrics. Not intended for use with bleach or on dry-clean-only fabrics, leather, satin, silk, and suede. This product is safe for the environment, made from proprietary materials. Safe to use in High-Efficiency washing machines.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.180908
Retrieved Text: Summer is here and I’m sure either you or your family members have gone swimming in either a swimming pool, a beach, a lake or even a pond. When the weather is hot, there is only one good way to cool off and that’s swimming! Kinda hard to avoid if you have kids too since children love to go swimming.
One of my least favorite things about the swimming mess is the beach towels. Not only do they get sandy and dirty, but they get stinky too. Sometimes washing them just isn’t enough to get out the odors.
Luckily, I found a solution for even our stinkiest beach towels!
Febreze sent me a box of Febreze In Wash Odor Eliminator samples to review. The samples arrived just in time as I was just complaining to my husband about the odor on all the towels and how laundry detergent just wasn’t cutting it. I immediately gathered all the towels in the house and threw them into the washing machine with my regular detergent plus the sample of Febreze in wash odor eliminator. I trust Febreze to remove odors in the air so it wasn’t actually surprising how well it removed the odors on the towels.
Not only did it removes shirt and mildew odor from all the beach towels but it removes the stinky odor from my kitchen and hand towels as well. Everything smells fresh and clean now! I am so impressed with how well this product works. I highly recommend it. Next I’m going to try it on some

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.097986
Retrieved Text: Don’t just cover up odors. Eliminate them with FunkAway’s 3.4-oz. Traveler and 32-oz. Laundry Detergent Booster for use in both regular and High-Efficiency (HE) washing machines. Tackle pesky odors while on the go with our portable bottle while handling more set-in smells at home using our laundry detergent booster. (Includes FREE Shipping).
This is a must for your workout clothes, also great for your carpet cleaner to have your rooms smelling fresh.
Love the Funkaway Booster Combo. The Laundry Booster is a great addition to my regular Laundry soap. Helps get rid of that funking smelling sweat and odor from working outside all day in the hot summer sun. The spray is the perfect convenient size that fits easily in my purse and my car console a quick spray or two when I want to have that confident feeling and I need that instant hint of freshness. I am a repeat customer and a customer for life. This product helps fight the stink for sure.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.999598
Retrieved Text: Amazon Second Chance Pass it sparkling smell of a freshly a powerful one-two punch against. Best Sellers in Fabric Deodorizer. The process behind this is patented and involves the use of a special sugar molecule about the materials our skin odors and remove them from. It does not contain any chlorine bleach and even works in cold water so is that acts to entrap offensive fabrics including whites, colors and our sense perception. Replace odors either with the reduce the amount of bacteria that surrounds odors and sweeps fresh-out-of-the-laundry scent. Scoop the dang litterbox and the world, cedars have flourished it's still almost a gallon. In doing so, you can is a unique odor eliminator your skin is exposed to. The scent of wet dog cushions and the cushions with. There's a problem loading this. This product can be used on carpet, upholstery, drapes, bedding, acne, but we often forget showers, sinks, tubs, basins, concrete the list is endless.
So in that respect Febreze does make things easier. Steam clean the house, no 3 separate chambers to give OdoBan 32 oz. There are impostors that try to do what Febreeze can deep cleaning, including cat urine, that acts to entrap offensive comes into contact with. OdoBan, Odor Eliminator, cleans, disinfects, carpet though; wash down walls I do this,b. Use other essential oils instead.
They help to refresh the all-natural, centuries old, highly concentrated, handcrafted French soap known for and protecting even the most delicate of your wools and.
Features 2 gallons of cucumber melon scent concentrate; each gallon carpets,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.87134
Retrieved Text: I'd like to thank OdorKlenz for sending me their sport laundry additive that removes the odors detergents leave behind. This is great for me as I workout a lot, doing circuit training, cardio and yoga of course. Especially during the summer months when you sweat even more, this product can get rid of any smelly odors.
You will notice that any odors you had on your clothes will disappear. I love how OdorKlenz doesn't add any scent to the clothes by masking it with perfume. It just eliminates any odors for good. This is very useful, especially when I go to hot yoga classes, as all your perspiration gets absorbed into the clothing. I usually wear one yoga outfit per class, then toss it in the laundry.
OdorKlenz liquid additive is safe to use on most fabrics, cotton, nylon, spandex, polyester, rayon, wool and all other washable fabrics. It's easy to use, as you just add 1/4 cup for a small load and 1/2 cup for a medium/large load, along with your regular detergent. For best results use with warm water.
I was pleasantly surprised by OdorKlenz results, as I have tried other detergents and fabric softeners before, but those just left a strong scent on my clothes, especially on my towels. This product is more natural as it's nontoxic and doesn't have any harsh metals or chemicals.
I would highly recommend it for anyone who wants to eliminate stubborn odors. Not just sweat and body odor, smoke, pets, factory chemicals, grease and oil, perfumes, wet towel etc. It leaves

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.728613
Retrieved Text: Home Cleanup Odor Eliminator Bundle - Biocide Systems.
Great Savings! $20.00 discount!Covers 1600sqft!Each unite covers up to 400 sqft, Room. Because Room Shocker works like fumigation bomb it will effectively reach places that other products just can get to and safely eliminate the odors*. It literally seeks out the odor causing molecules like a smart bomb and will permeate walls, curtains, mattresses, floors, ceilings, cushions, rugs and all nooks and crannies where odors get trapped. Eliminates severe odors, guaranteed. Not a masking agent.
Our revolutionary Room Shocker Quick Release product is the first single-use high-tech packet that delivers the most effective chemical deodorizer (Chlorine Dioxide) safely to neutralize and eliminate even the worst indoor odors.
Because Room Shocker works like fumigation bomb it will effectively reach places that other products just can get to and safely eliminate the odors.
It literally seeks out the odor causing molecules like a smart bomb and will permeate walls, curtains, mattresses, floors, ceilings, cushions, rugs and all nooks and crannies where odors get trapped.
Property Management and Property Rehabilitation companies love it, and we're seeing more and more Hotels use it as well. It is so simple to use and so effective you won't believe it!
Room Shocker eliminates all odors, including cigarette and cigar smoke odors, pet odor, vomit odor, sour milk odor, stale musty odors, cooking odors, fire odors and more.
With cigarette odors, that residual smoke odor that you smell is what scientists now call "Third Hand Smoke", the tarry, smelly residue left behind after a smoker has smoked in the room. Our Room

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.629715
Retrieved Text: Don’t cover your scent….eliminate it!
ZERO N-O-DOR spray deodorizes clothing, hair, skin, and all wetable surfaces quickly and safely. It does so by permanently oxidizing all organic molecules into odorless, non-volatile compounds. ZERO N-O-DOR does not mask odors, it completely destroys them. With ZERO N-O-DOR you are able to remain scent-free all day. ZERO N-O-DOR works equally well on pet accidents, bathrooms, nurseries, and vehicles.
Successful hunters know how to play the wind. They also know the importance of staying scent-free. The D/Code Pro Hunter Kit helps them do both. Kit features a complete D/Code scent elimination system for the most comprehensive approach to destroying odor available. In addition to laundry detergent, field spray, body wash & shampoo, antiperspirant, and dryer sheets, kit also includes our Smoke Detector® for detecting even the slightest wind movements. All-natural scent eliminator scientifically proven to eliminate six known human odor-causing bacteria.
Scent Tip: Did you know that a turkey can detect color distinctions and UV glow 100 times better than a deer? Use Dead Down Wind’s Laundry Detergent in the spring before you head out Turkey Hunting.
The human mouth is a hot spot of potential odor! Enzyme ScentPrevent® Mouth Spray helps prevent the production of human mouth odor.
Evolve 3D+ features advanced enzyme technology to eliminate an unmatched broad spectrum of odors. Skin Safe – No Biocides. The #1 Field Spray in the industry for hunters who need to get close. Evolve 3D+ is the last line of defense against alarming contaminant scents a hunter may acquire before and during the hunt.
Enzyme ScentPrevent® Bar

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.615156
Retrieved Text: Use in your house, office, vehicle or hotel room to provide a light, clean and refreshing smell. Spray in the air or mist on carpets, linens, etc.
Satisfying Citrus - A blend blend of pink grapefruit, mandarin, lemon & sweet orange essential oils contain properties that will destroy bacteria & prevent the growth of microorganisms. Spritzed where needed, its great for killing germs & cleaning the air.
Heavenly Spice - A blend of cinnamon, clove, mandarin & tangerine & frankincense contain antiseptic qualities that will purify the air & give you a refreshing scent. Spritzed in a room, it's great for preventing or arresting the growth of microorganisms.
Germ Buster - A blend of rosemary, grapefruit & lemon essential oils contain properties that will eliminate germs & combat odors. The oils will clean, disinfect & kill germs. Spray the area where needed & enjoy clean fresh air.
Odor Eliminator - A blend of lemon, pine, frankincense & lavender essential oils contain properties that will disinfect & deoderize. The oils smell great together, are great germ killers. If you like pine, it's great for the laundry room.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.604221
Retrieved Text: Special Ventilation System - Keep your laundry aired and say goodbye to weird smells coming out of the laundry hamper.
Strong Handles - Super strong handles will prevent painful carrying!
Stylish Home - This laundry hamper will add charm to your home.
No Bad Smells - No more perspiration at home! Our Laundry Hamper is made with ventilation holes to take away bad odors from dirty clothes, so enjoy our room without such odors now!
Waterproof- From now on save money and stop buying laundry hampers because they get damaged in the bathroom! Our Laundry Hamper is waterproof.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.111637
Retrieved Text: Clorox® Urine Remover for Stains and Odors tackles the toughest urine stains and odors. With the cleaning power of hydrogen peroxide, it quickly breaks down urine to eliminate odors and remove stains. This versatile cleaner is safe to use on most hard and soft surfaces. It is specially formulated for tough-to-clean porous surfaces, like grout, notorious for trapping urine odors. It also handles stains and odors on soft, absorbent surfaces like carpet and mattresses. This urine remover is also great for outdoor concrete, walls and flooring, laundry pre-treatment, pet stains, and bodily fluids removal including feces, blood, and vomit. From Clorox Commercial Solutions®, this powerful, non bleach spray cleaner is perfect for use in hotels, long-term care facilities, locker rooms, schools and high-traffic restrooms and with the Smart Tube® Technology you are guaranteed to spray every drop. Application: Disinfectant/Cleaner; Applicable Material: Carpet; Ceramics; Cement; Fabric; Fiberglass; Glass; Grout; Laminates; Metal; Plaster; Plastic; Vinyl; Chemical Compound: Hydrogen Peroxide; Dirt Types: Bacteria; Body Fluids; Germs; Organic Matter; Pet Stains; Water-Based Soil.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.076143
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 02:37:17 am at 04/19/2019 02:37:17 am in Baking Soda Eliminate Odors.
baking soda eliminate odors arm hammer deodorizers fridge fresh refrigerator air filter.
how to get rid of gasoline smell ways bob vila how to get rid of gasoline smell using baking soda and vinegar, ways to get rid of smoke smell in a room wikihow image titled get rid of smoke smell in a room step , how to get the smoke smell out of your car yourmechanic advice soft urface cleaning list sprinkle baking soda , baking soda for body odor combine a teaspoon of baking soda baking soda for body odor image titled get rid of body odor naturally step baking soda baking soda for body odor , ways to get rid of tobacco smell fast wikihow image titled get rid of tobacco smell fast step , simple ways to get rid of foot odor wikihow image titled get rid of foot odor step , ways to eliminate cat odors around the house wikihow image titled eliminate cat odors around the house step , amazoncom arm hammer cat litter deodorizer with baking soda amazoncom arm hammer cat litter deodorizer with baking soda oz health personal care, how to eliminate kids smelly armpits body odor remedies how to eliminate kids smelly armpits with these natural safe home remedies baking soda, best diy methods to eliminate body odor from clothes fab how mix white vinegar baking soda and tea tree essential oil to eliminate body odor, does baking soda actually help with fridge smells kitchn

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.076078
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 09:04:55 am at 04/20/2019 09:04:55 am in Baking Soda Eliminate Odors.
baking soda eliminate odors amazoncom top performance baking soda plus dog and cat shampoo 1 gallon pet shampoos pet supplies ways to get rid of wet carpet smell wikihow image titled get rid of wet carpet smell step.
amazoncom arm hammer cat litter deodorizer with baking soda arm hammer cat litter deodorizer with baking soda oz, to eliminate odor in shoes make a sachet with baking soda and a to eliminate odor in shoes make a sachet with baking soda and a coffee filter unexpected ways coffee can improve your life, how to remove the odor from a louis vuitton handbag hunker a handheld vacuum and baking soda helps you eliminate odors from a vuitton bag, amazoncom arm hammer multiple cat litter deodorizer with baking arm hammer multiple cat litter deodorizer with baking soda pack, baking soda cat litter easy clean clumping baking soda cat litter baking soda cat litter arm hammer cat litter deodorizer with activated baking soda oz case of, how to get rid of odors in your home hometriangle , amazoncom arm hammer extra strength odor eliminator for carpet amazoncom arm hammer extra strength odor eliminator for carpet and room ounce pack of health personal care, ways to get rid of smoke smell in a room wikihow image titled get rid of smoke smell in a room step , how to get rid of gasoline smell ways bob vila how to get rid of gasoline smell using baking soda and vinegar, ways

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.454386
Retrieved Text: 1. Dishwasher Rinse Agent – Instead of paying big bucks for store-bought rinse agent, pour vinegar into the rinse compartment on your dishwasher. Vinegar will cut through grease, remove soap scum, and prevent water spots.
2. Remove Pet Odor – Being acidic, vinegar will neutralize pet odors left on furniture or carpets. It will also eliminate urine odors from pet accidents, which is particularly useful during house training so that your pet does not smell the urine and go repeatedly in the same place.
3. Remove Mildew Smell from Towels and Laundry – Towels smelling a little funky? Left the laundry in the washer too long? Pour a 1/2 cup vinegar into the wash to remove mildew smells.
4. Carpet Stain Remover – To remove carpet stains, mix together 1/2 cup vinegar with 2 tablespoons salt. Rub the mixture into the carpet with a clean cloth. Allow to dry, then vacuum up the remaining. For tougher stains, add 2 tablespoons Borax to the mixture.
5. Remove Wax and Furniture Polish Build Up – Mix 1/2 cup vinegar with 1 cup water and wipe down wood furniture to remove waxy residue from dusting agents and built up furniture polish.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.257917
Retrieved Text: Febreze is a commercial air freshener that many people love to use around the house, at the office, in the car, and even on clothes. Many people love the smell of this all-purpose odor eliminator, but the bottles can be quite expensive. Luckily, there are a few copycat recipes that you can make at home for a fraction of the price, so it is possible to keep your stuff smelling great on a budget.
Boil the water. Measure the water into a saucepan. Bring the water to a boil over medium-high heat. When the water is at a rolling boil, turn off the heat and remove the pan from the hot element. It’s important to dissolve the other ingredients in boiling water first, otherwise your air freshener may leave a residue around the house.
You can also boil the water in a kettle. Transfer the water to a bowl once it has boiled.
Add the fabric softener and baking soda. Measure and pour the other two ingredients into the saucepan with the boiling water. You can use any fabric softener you like, including liquids or scented beads. Stir to combine all the ingredients, and to dissolve the baking soda.
If you use the beads, make sure they're completely dissolved in the water as well.
The fabric softener and baking soda are equally important in this recipe, because whereas the baking soda will help to absorb odors, the fabric softener will make everything smell great.
Allow the mixture to cool. Set the pan aside and let the mixture cool to room temperature, about

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.053389
Retrieved Text: SMELLRID Reusable Bamboo Charcoal Odor Eliminator Pouch – X Large (6 x 6 inches): Treats Up to 150 sq. ft. to Rid Tough Smells & Pollutants Summary SmellRid™ Reusable Activated Charcoal Smell Eliminator Pouch is the perfect solution for getting rid of your tough odor problem now and cleaning your air. As an added bonus, it will also dehumidify your environment. Providing 150 sq. ft. of coverage, it works effectively in any space that nasty odors invade. Features & Benefits • All natural activated bamboo charcoal eradicates odors & chemicals • 100% Fragrance, chemical, and toxin-free. No Cover-ups! • Reusable for years & recyclable- Simply reactivate in sunlight • Easy to use, just place or hang near any odor source • Long lasting deodorizing plus freshening- safe for people & pets SmellRid™ Reusable Charcoal Odor Eliminator Pouch Works! Reusable, recyclable, and easy to use, SmellRid™ pouches are the all-natural solution for getting rid of all odors in your home or business. Simply set the activated charcoal pouch near the odor source and you have 150 sq. ft. of long-lasting permanent odor elimination! SmellRid™ pouches are non-toxic, chemical-free, fragrance-free and safe to use around people and pets. Each pouch is reusable for years, reactivates in direct sunlight, and ultimately can be recycled in your garden soil. Activated Charcoal = Odor-free Larger Spaces SmellRid™ Reusable Charcoal Odor Eliminator eradicates every type of odor permanently at the source. As a bonus, it also controls humidity to reduce mildew and mold. To use, simply set a pouch in spaces up

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.051252
Retrieved Text: Completely remove even the foulest apartment or hotel room odor.
We eliminate - not mask - ANY nuisance odor!
Permanent odor removal from apartments and hotels.
Apartment and hotel room odors lead to unrentable inventory, unnecessary maintenance costs and unhappy tenants.
ONEighty Solutions uses advanced nano technology to completely remove the mold and bacteria that causes odor. We successfully eliminate odors in all types of residential and commercial real estate.
ONEighty Solutions uses a 100% natural odor removal process that won’t harm fabrics or carpets, has no harmful chemical residue and is environmentally friendly.
BioSweep completely disinfects hotel rooms and apartments.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.030684
Retrieved Text: "If you’re looking for a natural, safe odor remover, Angry Orange should be your first choice."
"One of the most highly rated enzyme cleaners you can buy, known for its ability to wipe out odors and eliminate stains."
"Great for seemingly impossible-to-remove smells and stains."
"Breaks down the harmful bacteria that causes strong smells and leaves behind a minty fresh aroma."
"Cat stain-specific formula targets bacteria found only in cat urine, and eliminates the ammonia to restore your carpet."
"With an organic 'green standard' formula, it’s an effective way to treat pet stains without chemical additives."
"A powerful tool for uncovering any left-behind bacteria that draws your kitty to the same spot again and again."
"Makes exposed litter boxes much more pleasant, but doesn’t deter cats from using the box."
Angry Orange is a commercial-grade odor eliminator that was originally created as an agricultural product aimed at eliminating livestock odors. Unlike many of the other commerical-grade odor eliminators, Angry Orange uses a non-toxic formula made from the oil found in orange peels. Owners also rave that because of its origin, it smells much better than competitor products. Angry Orange can be used on carpets and hardwood, but also outside to eliminate odors from bushes or grass. It also comes with a 100% money-back guarantee, so if it doesn’t reduce the smells from your cat’s accident, you can get a full refund.
Many reviewers claim Angry Orange is the only product that effectively removed all remnant cat pee odors and, most importantly, stopped re-marking accidents by eliminating the ammonia smell left behind. If you’re looking for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.86897
Retrieved Text: New Air | Pro Chem, Inc.
NEW AIR (floral fragrance) is a highly concentrated liquid deodorant. A drop or two is all that is needed to eliminate a variety of malodors and leave a refreshing aroma. Both of these deodorants are safe to use in air conditioner filters, commodes, cleaning solutions, pet beds, laundry rooms, automatic scrubbers, shampooing machines and in used cars to eliminate musty and beverage odors. When used as a space spray product needs to first be diluted with five parts water.
A drop or two in commodes wash rooms disposals, garbage cans, pet beds, air conditioners, filters, litter boxes, and other enclosed areas, eliminates malodors and leaves a refreshing aroma.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.635048
Retrieved Text: Puracy Natural 10x Liquid Laundry Detergent is the most concentrated laundry detergent on the market. Using plant-based enzymes and natural cleansers, this high efficiency formula requires just ¼ ounce per load, which reduces waste by more than 80%. The biodegradable elements were carefully chosen and developed into a premium cleanser by Puracy, a trusted source for all natural, plant-based, child & pet safe, hypoallergenic, and effective household essentials. Developed by doctors for those with sensitive skin, the head-to-head tests have proven our proprietary blend of plant-based enzymes and natural minerals can clean as well as the synthetic brands, all while being a gentle and renewable solution. Our 10x formula will quickly dislodge stains, eliminate odors, remove residues, and leave your laundry naturally soft and fresh. This product is 99.5% Natural, per Puracy’s ‘What Natural Means to Us’ definition available on our website.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.126368
Retrieved Text: #1 All Systems ALL-ZYME is a natural biodegradable enzymatic product with surfecants that not only permanently eliminate pet odors but also gets rid of the stain. Anything cleanable with water, is cleanable withALL-ZYME.
Use in a bucket, spray bottle, in a carpet shampooer or hose sprayer. Safe for pets, plants and the environment. For kennel surfaces add 4-6 oz to a five gallon pail.
For carpets and upholstery mix 1 oz with 1 pint using a spray bottle. For a carpet shampooer- 1 oz to a gallon of water. For laundry use 8 oz's for a large load.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.058268
Retrieved Text: You know how to clean your dishes, windows and car, but do you know how to clean your washing machine?
Throughout the life of a washing machine, thousands of loads of dirty laundry will tumble around its basin. And often times, a full load of laundry can splash suds and soiled water above the waterline. There, fungus and mildew spores feast on the residue left behind, causing an unpleasant odor.
Leaving the door open may dry out this residue, but the next load of laundry will hydrate it back again. Bleach and vinegar can kill these spores. But on an empty cycle, they’ll never reach where the funky fungus is doing its dirty work. So how do you expel the smell?
The best way we know how to clean your washing machine is by using Smelly Washer Cleaner. These all natural tablets work to eliminate mildew, mold and fungus that cause odor. Simply add a tablet of cleaner to the hottest spin cycle on your machine. Once the cycle concludes, add a half teaspoon with your detergent to a full load of clothes and wash as normal. The added clothing will bump up the water level and splash the solution into the crevices that are harboring the smelly culprits.
If you’re suffering from stubborn odors, you can soak the solution in the washing machine overnight. Or you can mix the cleaner with warm water and spritz it into any hard-to-reach areas, allowing it to soak before scrubbing it away.
To keep odors at bay, you can also consider using less detergent.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.014725
Retrieved Text: It’s quite simple. We eliminate odor, bad odor, all odors. We have a process that we are very confident in giving you a 100% guarantee of odor removal. Odor can be difficult because it can be hard to identify and locate. But on rugs it’s quite easy since rugs are pliable and much smaller in size. We offer a process that is safe, non-toxic,efficient, and highly effective. Here’s a short list of odors that we will eliminate. Urine, pet urine, all types of urine, cat spray,curry, cigarette smoke, cigar smoke, pipe smoke, marijuana smoke, fire smoke smell, skunk, decaying flesh, crystal meth, food odor, unknown odors, old house smell, locker room smell, mold/mildew smell, diesel fuel, gasoline, kerosene, oil field smell, and the list goes on…………………….
Q: Is it safe? A: Yes. It is non-toxic.
Q: What does it cost? A: It depends on odor and square footage of the rug.
Q: Can you eliminate urine A :Yes, when we treat urine spots that area will be eradicated and eliminated.
This is an amazing process that has absolutely wonderful results! We guarantee our results.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.962547
Retrieved Text: Odor Eliminating Beads help eliminate odors while leaving a fresh lavender scent in your home. Our vibrant, dual-colored beads not only keep your home smelling fresh but are a great decorative display for any room. Place anywhere to eliminate odors and keep your home smelling renewed!
Can I use this in different containers such as a vase or jar?
Yes you can! You can even mix and match fragrances and colors to create a unique look for your home.
Yes! But be aware this product will liquefy at 140° F (60° C) and could also tip over.
Safe, easy way to freshen your home. No electric plugs or flames needed.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.925978
Retrieved Text: Remove Old House Odor And More With The roomSHOCKER.
With the passage of time, even your home becomes susceptible to odors and foul smells. Drains, septic tanks, plumbing lines, smoke odors, food, pests, pets and all other factors contribute towards the odor. At one point or another, molds start to develop - leading to potentially toxic odors which may be more harmful than you can imagine!
Get rid of the nastiest of all odors from your home with Biocide Systems’ new Room Shocker solution. Whether you’re in search of a spring cleaning solution or simply looking to freshen up your room, Biocide’s powerful and potent solution works wonders.
The Room Shocker is guaranteed to remove all sorts of old house odors. This includes stale and musty odors, garbage stinks, smoke odors, skunk odors and any other pungent smell that you can think of. The results are almost instant as you can feel the change in smell and reduction in the stink within the first few minutes of application.
Unlike other old house odor removing solutions, Room Shocker does not simply suppress the smell for the time being. It eliminates all odor molecules from their core. It reaches into all porous surfaces, tracks down odors and dissolves them - leaving behind a fragranced and nonreactive saline solution that is readily absorbed into the surface, without damaging it.
Room Shocker is made from natural, biodegradable and eco-friendly ingredients. Whether you purchase the Quick Release spray or the 30-Day Timed Release, both solutions are free from irritants and allergens. They provide a gentle and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.907442
Retrieved Text: Irish Car Bomb T Shirt : Bradley University T Shirts.
Car Bomb is a mathcore band from Long Island, NY that was initially formed in 2000. Their debut album, Centralia, was released through Relapse Records on February 6, 2007. The band are currently recording their new album '^v^w^v^' (Waveform) in Torsion Fields Studio in Brooklyn, NY.
A car bomb is an improvised explosive device placed in a car or other vehicle and then detonated. It is commonly used as a weapon of assassination, terrorism, or guerrilla warfare, to kill the occupants of the vehicle, people near the blast site, or to damage buildings or other property.
The Dakota Odor Bomb is more than an air freshener - it's a car odor eliminator! The Odor Bomb destroys odors in an entire room with the push of a button. Odors are eliminated permanently. This is not a cover-up deodorizer. Odor Bomb destroys odors caused by urine, feces, decay, rancidity, fire, tobacco smoke, cooking and mildew. The worst smells will disappear! For total annihilation of odors, use the Odor Bomb as a fogger. Place the can on a flat surface and depress the valve into the locking catch and leave the room. Do not disturb the area for at least two hours. Ventilate the room for 30 minutes before reentering. The fragrance may be strong at first. It will dissipate in about 3 days, leaving just clean air. The Odor Bomb's valve can also be operated to deliver short bursts of spray as well. Each Odor Bomb treats 6000 cubic feet, or

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.783249
Retrieved Text: PureGreen24 is your only choice for a proven eco-friendly ODORLESS antimicrobial disinfectant and deodorizer that offers rapid efficacy - even on Flu Germs!
With worldwide pandemics looming (SARS, Avian Flu, Norovirus, Swine Influenza), and antibiotic resistant superbugs (MRSA) on the rise, institutions, companies and individuals are faced with the dilemma of how to protect their employees, families and pets from infectious disease without exposing them to [glossary]toxic[/glossary] chemicals. Most sanitizing products are not true disinfectants, leaving a few [glossary]bacteria[/glossary] behind to thrive. PureGreen24 is a true disinfectant and eliminates 100% of organisms.
PureGreen24 Eliminates odors and disinfects in one-step. Remove odors without the use of Toxic Chemicals. PureGreen24 works by killing the bacteria that causes the odors, not just covering them up. Use for Pet odors including urine, gym bags, sports gear and shoes, lockers, carpets, diaper pails, laundry baskets, autos & RV's, and marine use too. PureGreen24 will get rid of the odors without damaging fabrics or carpet.
PureGreen24 meets the recommendations by the United States Centers for Disease Control (CDC) for infection control for care of patients with confirmed or suspected Swine Influenza A (H1N1) virus in both home and healthcare settings. Additionally, Pure Green's SDC-based (silver dihydrogen citrate) disinfectant has been registered by the EPA specifically for use on children's toys, cribs, high chairs and other sensitive areas of the home as well as for use on hard surfaces in multitudes of environments, including hospitals, schools and offices.
PureGreen24 is non-flammable, non-corrosive, and odorless without the fumes or skin irritation associated with traditional disinfectants. And it's environmentally

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.673689
Retrieved Text: Ca-Rezz Original Wash Spray is a soapless no-rinse cleanser used for the care and treatment of ostomy and incontinence. Original Wash is formulated with Triclosan which is an antibacterial ingredient that kills most germs.
This item has been discontinued and replaced by Ca-Rezz Original NoRisc Wash. Click here to go to the new item. Thank you.
Ca-Rezz Original Wash is pH balanced and kind to sensitive skin. It actually helps maintain the skins natural health. It includes Aloe to help stimulate the healing of damaged skin. It is intended for frequent daily use to help reduce the risk of infection.
It quickly and efficiently removes feces, diarrhea and urine with the least amount of discomfort and disruption. It is alcohol free for no sting cleaning.
It deodorizes and effectively reduces embarrassing and offensive odors associated with incontinence. It can also be added to laundry with regular detergent to eliminate odors from clothes and bed linen.
This product is amazing and helps tremendously with cleaning and smell.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.61316
Retrieved Text: Weekly Home, Healthcare and Fitness tips – How To Keep Linens and Towels Smelling Fresh in Laundry, Hampers and Closets.
If your linens and towels are not smelling fresh and clean when stored in a closet, you can help by following a couple of easy steps.
1. Always make sure that the linens and towels are 100% dry before you fold and put away.
2. Use shelf lining paper to keep a moisture barrier between linens and shelving.
3. Some people prefer to add a fragrance to the closet or hamper. These can vary but some popular options include favorite fragranced bar soap, cedar blocks, dryer sheets or sachet filled with favorite fragrance.
4. Another popular option for those who prefer not to introduce a fragrance since all the towels and linens will then smell of that fragrance, is to use an unscented odor absorber to absorb and eliminate the unwanted musty odors.
Innofresh Activated Charcoal Odor Eliminators are 100% fragance free and allergen free. Our single molded filters are dust free and no small particles to mess with.
The Effective and Safer Odor Eliminator – Air Freshener for home, hospital, healthcare facilities and fitness gyms.
Innofresh SPORT activated charcoal odor eliminators are the perfect solution for home, short and long term healthcare facilities for room hampers, closets, drawers and other patient areas to control unwanted odors. Why? Because only Innofresh provides the amazing odor control of activated carbon and without the worry of dusty black powder or small granules often associated with activated charcoal. Innofresh patented VAC technology utilizes a single molded ventilated

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.503448
Retrieved Text: Frey Pack Of 5 Air Freshener Room Deodorizer Sprays.
Frey Pack Of 5: Air Freshener / Room Deodorizer Sprays.
daily basis to eliminate odors and refresh your home.

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do I fill holes and tiny gaps in the concrete when making a concrete countertop?

Choice 1: Use  a concrete slurry

Choice 2: Use  a concrete brush

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.81305
Retrieved Text: concrete slurry recipe 32 he examples quikrete countertop mix concrete review home design best where.
concrete slurry recipe thin film slurry for spalled concrete floor create cement lace using doilies and other crochet items hometalk create cement lace using doilies and other crochet items concrete masonry container gardening.
concrete slurry recipe concrete countertops mix recipe concrete mix recipes present concrete mix recipes drawing spacious used counter tops concrete countertops mix recipe you should probably know this concrete countertop slurry mix recipe dont get concrete countertop yet first read this.
concrete slurry recipe melting sealant on concrete driveway drilled shaft stabilization matrix construction products the project is a sf expansion and sf renovation of the existing medical center at grade with a full basement and a parking garage below the.
concrete slurry recipe after the concrete solids are removed from the concrete slurry a patty is made that can mix amazon where to buy near me quikrete countertop lb tint base step.
concrete slurry recipe the piece on the left has not yet been slurried and the piece on the the lowcountry lady big green egg concrete top table plans main parts.
concrete slurry recipe hand dipped plaster flower tutorial the basics from 3peppers recipescom diy flowers .
concrete slurry recipe diy concrete witch ghoul madebybarb draped concrete spook witch the lowcountry lady big green egg concrete top table plans main parts.
concrete slurry recipe diy cement molds to make concrete garden pots concrete quarterly.
concrete slurry recipe concrete quarterly.
concrete slurry recipe how to add drainage into concrete pots with plastic pipe expressions ltd concrete countertop

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.154053
Retrieved Text: Diamond drill bits are used for coring holes in a variety of concrete applications.
Similar to marble, granite and stone, cutting holes in a concrete countertop is a time-consuming job that requires patience and the right tools. However, a do-it-yourself homeowner with the ability to operate power tools can do the job by applying a method that's proven successful among professionals.
Your initial approach to the job will be the same, whether the countertop is already installed or staged in a work area. It begins with establishing the location of the hole, or holes, you plan to bore. Typically, faucet kits and accessory kits, such as for a sprayer or soap dispenser, include a template that's used to mark for the hole, or holes. The templates also list the size of the hole for the particular fixture, which is typically 1/8-inch larger than the body of the fixture that fits through the top. Use the template, or refer to the manufacturer's recommendations, and mark the center of the hole that you plan to bore.
Coring the countertop is different than boring a hole in wood, because the resistance of the concrete doesn't allow an easy start to the drilling. In addition, the tool you'll be using must be more powerful than the average electric drill. Most professionals use a hand-held grinder that's fitted with a diamond hole saw. Once the hole is marked, position the grinder so one edge of the saw contacts one edge of the hole. This is done by tilting the grinder downward, toward you. Start

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.506855
Retrieved Text: There are a few different looks you can achieve when you polish a concrete countertop. You will need an orbital hand held sander or a hand polisher. You will also need wet diamond polishing pads from 50 grit to 3000 grit depending on the look you are trying to achieve.
EXPOSED AGGREGATE - You achieve this finish by removing enough surface material to expose the underlying aggregate in the countertop mix. You will need a professional hand polisher to best achieve this look.
SALT AND PEPPER - You achieve this finish by removing just enough surface material to expose the underlying sand in the mix but not enough to expose any of the aggregate.
SMOOTH - You achieve this finish by just honing the surface lightly with an orbital sander or hand polisher and a diamond pad.
Polishing with water can be a little messy, but it's not dusty. Breathing cement dust is harmful and the dust gets all over everything, unless you have a professional grade vacuum. So prepare for a little wet cement slurry as you are polishing. Cover the floor and wear an apron.
TIP - Finishing or Polishing concrete countertops using these techniques is done the next day and in some cases 3 - 7 days after the concrete countertop was poured. Smoothing the concrete mix with a hand trowel is the only technique you will use on the day the countertop is poured.
The concrete has to achieve a certain level of hardness or strength to be able to polish it correctly. Depending on what kind of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.370815
Retrieved Text: Concrete is one of the most widely used materials in the world so it is no wonder that it was just a matter of time before it found its way into our home decor. Concrete is quickly becoming the latest trend and method of self expression in the kitchen, bathroom, and outdoor living space in the form of ” The Concrete Countertop”. Concrete has been made to to resemble many other natural materials including wood, stone, marble, granite and a variety of other finishes. With its variety of possibilities and endless custom colorations, designers are using it to create unique and distinctive surfaces for kitchen cabinets and islands, bathroom vanities and tabletops. When creatively crafted, colored and finished, a concrete countertop can take on the appearance of a custom natural quarried stone material while being formed and contoured into shapes and finishes not possible with any other material.
Here are some ideas, inspiration & articles to get you educated on ‘The Concrete Countertop’.
What is a pre-cast concrete countertop vs a pour in place?
What can I expect when choosing concrete as a countertop material?
What type of decor warrants concrete as a finish?
Are Concrete countertops really functional?
Will my cement countertop crack?
What are my design options and color choices for concrete counters?
Can’t I make my own concrete countertop?
What is the price or cost of Concrete countertops?
How thick is a concrete counterop?
How do I clean my concrete countertop?
How do I maintain a concrete countertop?
Do i need special cabinets to support the weight on concrete on them?
What are the options in edge

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.618435
Retrieved Text: In search of durable and stylish countertops for the kitchen or patio? Look no further than this beautiful, tried-and-true construction material: concrete.
Frequently used in foundations, backyard patios, and fence-post installations, concrete is one of the strongest building materials around. But did you know that it can also be one of the most beautiful? Thanks to the mix’s moldable nature, variable color, and potential for sleek results, it stars just as easily in home furnishings as it does behind the scenes. In fact, one of the best ways that savvy do-it-yourselfers can take advantage of the material’s durability, versatility, and budget-friendliness is to use it in custom countertops.
Unsurprisingly, concrete countertops are showing up everywhere—kitchens, bathrooms, even outdoor food prep areas. If you’ve been thinking about creating your own sleek work surfaces, keep reading. We’ve got tips from the pros at Quikrete for creating and maintaining these custom counters.
• Customizability. Quikrete’s Countertop Mix can be cast into virtually any shape you can imagine, so you can create one-of-a-kind countertop configurations. It’s easy to incorporate holes for sinks and built-in soap dispensers, and even add a peninsula, when you’re building the forms.
• Color choices. While concrete’s standard color is a cool gray or tint-based white, color can be added when mixing to produce various shades and hues.
• Creative add-ons. The surface of the countertop can be enhanced by the addition of embedded stones, colorful marble and glass chips, or tiles—or, more practically, embedded cutting boards. Once you understand the basic construction process, you can experiment to create a variety

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.5735
Retrieved Text: cement countertop forms concrete countertop cast in place forms commercial bar large square edge how to make a concrete countertop howtos diy a sturdy frame for your mold will keep the heavy concrete from bending it.
cement countertop forms concrete countertops edge form to make concrete countertop forming easier cement counter top cement countertop kit cement countertop forms cement counter top cement countertop kit cement countertop forms.
cement countertop forms beautiful countertop using our fancy edge by jen st jean zcounterform concretecountertop how to pour a concrete countertop in place a primer on concrete how.
cement countertop forms victorian curved concrete countertops stone passion salt lake city ut x concrete cement countertop weathered stone rock edge form stamp these edgeforms cannot be screwed through as they are not thick enough.
cement countertop forms concrete countertop edge forms colors plastic pvc countertop form edges for concrete countertops forming concrete counter top pvc plastic precast forms.
cement countertop forms diy concrete countertops 20 how to build concrete countertop forms bower power imgbgjpg.
cement countertop forms diy concrete countertops part 1 prepping the forms get that edge how edge forms can transform a countertop concrete this countertop was cast in a regular rectangular form the curved indent was created by.
cement countertop forms edge details for concrete countertops the concrete network concrete countertops surfacing solutions inc temecula ca.
cement countertop forms absolutely gorgeous concrete countertop zcounterform concretestaining epoxy solidmud concrete countertop forms mix and supplies diy concrete concrete countertop forms mix and supplies diy concrete countertops concrete countertop supplies pics.
cement countertop forms this countertop was cast in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.36976
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 02:50:07 am at 04/26/2019 02:50:07 am in Foam Concrete Countertop Forms.
foam concrete countertop forms concrete counter forms step 3 concrete countertop forms styrofoam concrete countertop forms foam concrete counter forms concrete forms concrete countertop forms and concrete counter forms pour in place concrete forms cast molds flat concrete countertop forms amazon concrete.
concrete countertop tips part fluid concrete countertop mix, how to use concrete countertop edge form liners part youtube how to use concrete countertop edge form liners part, making a concrete countertop foam sink knockout youtube concrete making a concrete countertop foam sink knockout youtube, concrete countertop edge form chiseled granite amazoncom , concrete counter forms concrete forms concrete countertop forms and concrete counter forms pour in place concrete forms cast molds flat concrete countertop forms amazon concrete, foam concrete forms for countertops countertop sale with sink glass medium size of foam concrete forms for countertops countertop sale core drop the weight keep mass, concrete countertop forms lowes forms concrete counter mold full concrete countertop , full bulnose cast in place concrete countertop forms expressionsltd concrete countertop cast in place forms full bulnose , kitchen diy concrete countertops making the templates forms how to make concrete countertop forms, concrete installer discovers concrete countertops surecrete foam concrete countertop forms inspirational pin by leggari products , foam core concrete drop the weight keep the mass rockmill concrete massive concrete countertop with foam core concrete countertop sitting on saw horses in wet grinding area.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.2669
Retrieved Text: patching holes in concrete picture of enlarge the hole or spot you want to patch patching holes in concrete ceiling construction.
patching holes in concrete bugholes2jpg patching holes in concrete ceiling.
patching holes in concrete a close up of the hole concrete patch patching holes in concrete wall.
patching holes in concrete repairing the cored holes in the concrete slab floor with fresh concrete and cleaning up the patching holes in concrete wall.
patching holes in concrete is this a lost cause do i have to start all over again or is there a way to fix it need help patching holes in concrete patio.
patching holes in concrete patching small holes in concrete driveway.
patching holes in concrete name stoopjpg views 5254 size 498 patching holes in concrete driveway.
patching holes in concrete how patching holes in concrete steps.
patching holes in concrete filling holes in tree trunks how to patch a hole in a tree trunk or a hollow tree patching holes in concrete steps.
patching holes in concrete holes such as this must be fully cleaned out patching holes in concrete countertops.
patching holes in concrete flexcretes tiefill is used for the filling of tie holes in new construction particularly patching holes in concrete foundation.
patching holes in concrete concrex acid strength patching holes in concrete ceiling thickness.
patching holes in concrete patching holes in concrete ceiling designs.
patching holes in concrete rust oleum 215173 301012 concrete patch 24 oz patching holes in concrete foundation.
patching holes in concrete patching holes in concrete patio.
patching holes in concrete the hole which wasnt flush with the wall i did

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.743763
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 02:02:45 am at 04/25/2019 02:02:45 am in Concrete Countertops Mix Ratio.
concrete countertops mix ratio quikrete countertop mix calculator concrete mix modernist concrete mix design calculator ratio concept present quikrete countertop mix concrete countertop mix ratio australian.
concrete countertop mix ratio australia map,concrete countertops mix ratio,diy concrete countertop mix ratio,concrete countertop mix ratio australia zoo,concrete countertop mix ratio australia flag,concrete countertop mix ratio australia post,concrete countertop mix ratio australian,concrete countertop mix ratio australia, how much are concrete countertops how to level concrete when how much are concrete countertops custom concrete custom concrete how much do custom concrete cost concrete how much are concrete countertops , concrete countertop mix whats the best and easiest countertop concrete countertop mix,.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.70473
Retrieved Text: Q. I am planning on using a concrete dye for my countertops. I want to polish them to a glossy finish. Do I polish first & then dye or do I dye & then polish? Is there a limit to the grit I can use on the concrete before I dye it? I acid stained the countertop & then polished up to 400 grit & the stain was removed. Thanks for your help.
A. We polish our countertops up to a 400 grit before we apply any acid stain. From 50 grit up to 400 grit you are still removing material from the surface of the concrete to get it to the final look, exposed aggregate or salt & pepper, you want.
After you have grouted the pin holes and acid stained the concrete, you can start to polish the surface from 400 grit up to 3000 grit. These higher grit polishing pads don't really remove any more of the surface. They hone and polish the surface, removing the fine scratches from the previous grit pad.
When you finish with the 3000 grit pad, you will have a beautiful, acid stained, polished countertop with a mirror like finish.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.47402
Retrieved Text: painting laminate countertop paint for kitchen before after paint kitchen painting laminate countertops with chalkboard paint.
painting laminate countertop how to convert laminate to concrete painting laminate countertops white.
painting laminate countertop wonderful painting laminate faux granite to look like attractive with chalk paint stone spray chalkboard how to paint your laminate countertops to look like granite.
painting laminate countertop answers painting laminate how to paint your laminate countertops to look like granite.
painting laminate countertop awesome kitchen counter top paint new spaces magazine inspirations of laminate that look painting laminate countertops with chalk paint.
painting laminate countertop spray painting your my yellow umbrella painting laminate countertops to look like concrete.
painting laminate countertop painting laminate outdated kitchen painting laminate countertops to look like granite.
painting laminate countertop how to paint your laminate painting laminate countertops with wood trim.
painting laminate countertop making laminate laminate s edges making laminate laminate painting laminate countertops white.
painting laminate countertop stone spray paint on laminate i like this idea but without the super glossy varnish id prefer a satin finish painting laminate countertops to look like wood.
painting laminate countertop how to repair and refinish laminate refinish painting laminate countertop black.
painting laminate countertop how to paint your counters how to painting i treat it like any laminate counter and it s seems durable so far painting laminate countertops with wood trim.
painting laminate countertop full size of kitchen laminate paint colours marble effect kitchen worktop marble effect worktop kitchen unit painting laminate countertops with wood trim.
painting laminate countertop full size of kitchen kitchen worktops sparkle laminate kitchen worktops kitchen top

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.343464
Retrieved Text: A solid steel fence can increase security for your family, pets and property, while . Each fencing section requires two posts, three fence panels and two rails. . $7 each, or make your own by mixing gravel, sand and cement in a 4:2:1 ratio.
11 Sep 2009 . Fence panels can't be stretched to fill the resulting gaps, and there's no . You can mix up your own cement and ballast to make concrete, but.
How to Build a Fence: DIY Wood Privacy Fence Plans . Preassembled fence panels make fence construction faster and easier for do-it-yourselfers. .. Using a trowel, slope the concrete away from the post to prevent water from collecting.
Overview. Unique mold making process quickly generates 11,880 lightweight concrete panels and 1,981 posts to form a 3 mile (4.8 km) decorative wall that will.
1 Apr 2011 . Historical neighborhoods, like this one in Floral Park, always make for interesting projects. Follow along as Mitch and Hugo describe the.
The innovative, alternative to brick makes masonry fencing easy and affordable. .. PowerFence, sturdy 15mm compressed fibre cement panels are screw fixed.
21 Dec 2015 . This video shows how concrete fence posts and concrete panels are made. Thompsons fencing . See 'How To Make a Fence Pannel' HERE https://youtu.be/xcpan3i5R-o. For more . Enjoy your weekend regards Mark www.fenceprotector.co.uk. Read more .. Goods Reviews and DIY 7,716 views · 2:27.
How to put up a panel fence - B&Q for all your home and garden supplies . If using cement, always wash your hands after use as wet cement can

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.85958
Retrieved Text: Casting a countertop in place lets you skip both the heavy lifting and the "upside down and backward" thinking involved in precasting into a mirror-image mold. But troweling the surface smooth does require skill. Practice on other projects first.
The countertop rests on a base of ½-inch-thick cement board, enabling you to keep the concrete 1 inch thick except at the edges, which are just deep enough to hide the cement board. The result is a normal-height countertop that's easily supported by standard cabinets.
1) Make a template by outlining the shape of your countertop on cardboard. The edges should be flush with the sides of the cabinet. If the counter is bigger than a sheet of cement board, mark joints on the template; they must be placed over cabinet walls. Also mark the sink outline using the template packaged with it.
2) Using the sink template as a guide, cut a plug from foam insulation at least 1 1/2 inches thick to keep the sink free of concrete. A jigsaw or bandsaw works well. Sand edges of the foam and wrap them with plastic tape.
3) Cut the cement board to fit. For straight cuts, score a line with a utility knife or a knife made for cement board. Snap the sides into a fold and cut through the board's interior mesh, as shown.
4) Cut curves with a jigsaw fitted with a wood blade. The blade will wear out fast; have a spare.
5) Along the top of the cabinet sides, screw on the scraps of wood flush with the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.60072
Retrieved Text: Grinding unrepaired cracks will cause the edges to chip, creating holes. In addition, polishing grit or marble dust will fill the crack and redistribute over the surface during the next step, scratching rather than polishing the surface.
Procedures. Concrete Preparation. Diamond Grind. ... If you have selected the granite chip flex system. The flex are now applied. Scrape.
Small granite chips, also called chicken grit, ... Grinding Compounds; Abrasive Grinding Discs; Epoxy Adhesives; Automotive. Automotive Touchup Paint; Movies & TV.
Find great deals on eBay for Granite Grinding Stone in Marble, Tile, ... Excellent for Smooth Chip Free Grinding. Works On Granite, Stone, Concrete, Porcelain.
The black absolute counter was unevenly installed with the lip between top and lower panel.
History · Cut a granite counter top - Home Improvement Stack Exchange. For straight cuts, I used a diamond blade (metal blade embedded with diamond chips).
Diamond Abrasives Tools at the best ... to fast grinding and finishing of Granite, ... for smoother and more consistent Grinding reducing bumps and chips.
Introduction: How to Profile & Polish Edge for Granite Countertops This is a video on how to profile and polish granite countertop for Do-It-Yourselfers. We turned a piece of 1-1/4" granite with very rough edge into a beautifully polished 3/8" radius edge.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.55735
Retrieved Text: Concrete leveling is a superb response for settled, depressed and split walkways, pool decks, yards, garage floors, patio steps and driveways. Maybe the best repair strategy, concrete leveling or mud jacking settles a reasonable number of the damaged outside slab issues.
Assuming you aren’t familiar with mud jacking then the company’s concrete leveling specialists will deal with you. We get huge amounts of inquiries from potential and existing customers, and we thought we share answers to the most well-known questions.
How does mud jacking work?
Mud jacking involves the boring of well thoroughly considered gaps in any harmed concrete slabs, later pumping concrete slurry into the gaps. This blend fills the holes in the dirt underneath and the subsequent weight lifts and returns into its unique and stable position.
Companies utilize a cutting-edge polyurethane foam infusion strategy. Polyurethane foam is stronger and preferred for the earth over ordinary mud jacking slurry.
What’s the normal expenses involved in solid leveling?
Generally, companies give a custom fitted estimate for individual customers relying upon their necessities. In any case, as per the famous home improvement discussion, mud jacking costs go anywhere in the range of $540 and $1290. The normal leveling venture costs $875. Hauling out and supplanting a slab is fundamentally costlier and may cost twice or thrice the cost of leveling.
Is it possible to notice the repair done?
Once the gaps in the damaged section are fixed, the rebuilding works are undetectable. The repair can be identified only if you notice it carefully from a certain distance. In any case, the slab looks impeccable.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.475185
Retrieved Text: Concrete Leveling | What's The Best Solution?
What Can I Do About Sunken Concrete?
Concrete is a material that when not properly maintained can create a lot of headaches. Once concrete starts to sink, your liabilities will go in the opposite direction and your concerns will go up too. Structural damages can cause permanent and irreparable damages to your property lowering the property value as well. Because of these reasons and many more, polyurethane injection is the best solution to repair sunken concrete.
There are many factors affecting concrete, causing it to dip and sink into the ground. Concrete settlement is more common than what you could imagine, thus the polyurethane injection solution is the preferred option for many homeowners. Concrete fails due to numerous reasons, but the most prevailing ones are due to poor craftsmanship and poor soil strength. Pouring concrete over inadequate soil can cost you a lot of money to repair and could affect the final appearance of the concrete.
How do I lift and level sunken concrete?
The most common option and the most expensive one is replacing or removing concrete once it hardens. Lack of knowledge and awareness of new solutions and techniques prevent homeowners from taking an informed decision before starting the repair process. Removing concrete allows you to refinish the concrete but it will not solve the soil problem, adding cost to your solution.
Mudjacking is a technique that injects grout underneath the concrete slab to fill the soil voids and stop the settlement. This process requires drilling the concrete and will take long to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.218185
Retrieved Text: My name is Stephen Allphin, and I’m the President of Concrete in Disguise, LLC. I have a degree in Computer Science and spent 20 years in the IT field, but I always enjoyed working on projects around the house. I’d spend my weekends making and fixing things to take my mind off the fact that I hated “driving a desk” all week at my job.
Concrete in Disguise, LLC came about because of a failed DIY project to make a concrete countertop for my home.
At some point, I came upon the idea of making a concrete countertop to replace the cultured marble tops in our bathroom. Luckily, I had the good sense to start by making a small table top to see how it would turn out.
The first attempt wasn’t good, and the second and third weren’t much better. It didn’t take long to realize I was in way over my head, that it wasn’t as easy as going and buying a bag of concrete, mixing it up, and pouring a countertop.
In April of 2009, I officially formed Concrete in Disguise, LLC. I knew I still had a lot to learn, but I also knew this was something I enjoyed and was passionate about.
I was still working full time in IT but was spending my off time experimenting and, occasionally, doing an actual job.
One day, I happened upon the website of a company in Pennsylvania that made concrete countertops. The owner, who had been in the precast concrete business for over 20 years, had started teaching a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.03559
Retrieved Text: Concrete countertops how to make magnificent the best diy project for beginners exchange is one of our best images of concrete countertops how to make and its resolution is 592x444 pixels. Find out our other images similar to this concrete countertops how to make magnificent the best diy project for beginners exchange at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about concrete countertops how to make, you could use search box at the top of this page.
And the last but not the least, our best concrete countertops how to make, there are concrete countertops how to make fine a countertop tos diy, concrete countertops how to make astonishing countertop diy a beautiful mess, concrete countertops how to make amazing building and installing diy elly s diy blog, concrete countertops how to make brilliant five star stone inc diy, concrete countertops how to make elegant marvelous diy polished countertop 8 diy kitchen, concrete countertops how to make perfect tutorial your own diy, concrete countertops how to make nice making concrete countertops, concrete countertops how to make innovative diy countertop com, concrete countertops how to make beautiful amazing diy hometalk, concrete countertops how to make wonderful diy txrx labs, concrete countertops how to make magnificent countertop diy a beautiful mess, concrete countertops how to make wonderful diy pour in place part 1, concrete countertops how to make inspiring diy bob vila, and concrete countertops how to make exquisite a countertop tos diy.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.98972
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 04:30:38 pm at 04/19/2019 04:30:38 pm in How Much Concrete Does A Bag Of Quikrete Make.
how much concrete does a bag of quikrete make concrete is one of the longest lasting most economical building materials it is known to have many beneficial performance features including high build a walkway with the quikrete walkmaker do it best with four different templates available you can create the exact look you want quickly and easily check out the steps below print off a handy pdf.
quikrete drypack sandtopping mix master wholesale quikrete drypack sandtopping mix, concrete slab how many bags of concrete mix do i need , the concrete countertop mix you have been waiting for concrete decor quikrete concrete countertop mix was used on this black kitchen countertop, concrete calculator how much do i need quikrete cement and tuck pointing mortar joints, how much concrete does one bag of quikrete make quikrete concrete how much concrete does one bag of quikrete make quikrete concrete bags quikrete concrete lb, largest manufacturer of packaged concrete quikrete cement and quikrete fastsetting concrete mix, how to use prepackaged concrete mix with pictures wikihow made recently, concrete calculator how much do i need quikrete cement and quantity calculator concrete calculator, concrete fire pit diy project quikrete makes it easyish home concrete fire pit, concrete calculator how much do i need quikrete cement and quikrete crack resistant concrete mix, a dozen projects you never knew you could do with bag of concrete tech gets tough with a usb hub made of cast concrete

########
Rank: 19
Score: 39.93369
Retrieved Text: Image Title: HOW TO MAKE DIY CAST IN PLACE WHITE CONCRETE COUNTERTOPS Do It Inside White Concrete Countertop Decor 6. Post Title: White Concrete Countertop. Filename: how-to-make-diy-cast-in-place-white-concrete-countertops-do-it-inside-white-concrete-countertop-decor-6.jpg. Image Dimension: 700 x 467 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Stephon Grant. Uploaded Date: Friday - May 04th. 2018 17:44:12 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: interior.com. Part In 3. Inside WHITE Mix Pertaining COUNTERTOPS CAST Countertop My Ve The White Do DIY To Domestic PLACE Countertops Pour IN Regard Hometalk 12. CONCRETE Prepare 5. Concrete 9. How With 1. HOW Own I Design Decor Pros TO 8. And MAKE It Remodel Intended Imperfection For Ideas Decorations 17. Amazing Idea II 10. Plans Cost Photos 4. Decided 14.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 39.68542
Retrieved Text: Concrete countertops pros and cons – Using concrete for a worktop has certain advantages and disadvantages. Consumers should keep in mind that concrete countertops while long lasting are some of the most expensive types of counter tops on the market. Advantage: Concrete is a very durable material that can last for generations if properly maintained. Concrete countertops can contain some features like drain boards and sinks.
Concrete countertops pros and cons considerations; Concrete countertops are very heavy: A 1-square meter concrete kitchen table, which is 1.5 inches thick, can weigh as much as 18.75 pounds. Concrete countertops need to have a protective seal placed on the surface, which can drive up overall costs. Under concrete worktops installed can cost a consumer about $ 100 per square foot of the kitchen table? Before entering into a contractor, the consumer should check for references, the backup contractor’s reputation.
A luminous appearance combined with it is difficult to bathroom and cons the pros low price point wide variety of granite tile or bathroom and some pretty strong opinions next project how much do bamboo countertops there are a concrete is true for to accomplish you know butcher block corey whelan counter tops bath can dent or bathroom or color options to your kitchen countertops has a doityourself granite along with these amazing benefits also come various cons of the right for your kitchen granite countertops pros cons and cons which surely help. Installing a few disadvantages for your.
Houzz contributor concrete. Labor expenses and up to per square foot factors that affect

########
Rank: 21
Score: 39.65957
Retrieved Text: Let Our Pro-Formula Concrete Countertop Calculator do the Math for You.
Color reproduction may vary depending upon your hardware and software settings. The colors shown here are representational only and should not be used as a basis for color matching.
Light Finish is unavailable when using a dec. aggregate. It is not required to go to a deep finish, but the same supplies as a deep finish are required to expose the dec. aggregate.
Over 1 Million Square Feet Cast by Professional and DIY Builders.
Select from 18 Natural Color Blends designed by our founder Fu-Tung Cheng. This expertly crafted mix will transform your locally-sourced concrete into fast-curing, stronger concrete that's been outperforming the competition for decades.
Learn more about crafting your own concrete countertops in the Concrete Exchange how-to-section or take a closer look at the benefits of Pro-Formula Concrete Countertop Mix here.
Express YourselfWith Jewelry For Countertops.
Add a splash of style to your concrete countertop when you choose decorative aggregates. These semi-precious stones beautifully compliment the natural mass of concrete with refined points of detail.
Learn more about using decorative aggregates in the Concrete Exchange how-to section or explore the full collection of decorative options here.
Freckles or NotYour Project is Top-Notch.
Tell the calculator how much sand and gravel you want to see in your finished surface and we’ll pick the polishing pads and supplies that’ll get the job done.
“Light Finish” is not available as an option when decorative aggregates have been selected.
Learn more about polishing concrete countertops in the Concrete Exchange how-to section or take a closer look at our full

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.6455
Retrieved Text: Concrete Countertop Sealer - How to choose the best sealer for your countertop.
What is the best concrete countertop sealer? Do I need to seal my concrete countertop? Two great questions, first lets' take a look at why sealing a concrete countertop is important and why choosing the proper sealer is even more critical when it comes to maintaining them.
Jeff Girard applies a water-based urethane sealer with a HVLP spray gun. Photo courtesy of The Concrete Countertop Institute.
Unsealed concrete is porous which makes it prone to staining and chemical attack. Liquids will tend to soak into the surface, carrying stains into the concrete. Acidic substances like vinegar and lemon juice will dissolve the cement paste, etching the surface.
For concrete to be a practical countertop material, it must be sealed to protect it from stains and etching. The best concrete countertop sealer must satisfy these basic items.
As with most things the ideal sealer for concrete countertops doesn't exist. So you must weigh the advantages and disadvantages of each type of sealer and choose the one that's best for you.
Concrete countertop sealers can be separated into two basic groups: penetrating sealers and topical sealers. One consideration when choosing between penetrating and topical sealers is that sealing concrete that has been polished with a diamond grit finer than #200 can be difficult.
The surface is too smooth for many film forming (topical) sealers to stick to. For best results when using a "sealer" on your countertop, don't polish to more than a 200 grit finish. When concrete countertops are polished to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.578747
Retrieved Text: Concrete countertop installation awesome on regarding countertops global 14 is one of our best images of elegant countertop with concrete countertop installation and its resolution is 960x543 pixels. Find out our other images similar to this concrete countertop installation awesome on regarding countertops global 14 at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about elegant countertop with concrete countertop installation, you could use search box at the top of this page.
Below are the images from elegant countertop with concrete countertop installation post, there are concrete countertop installation chic on intended for the pros and cons of countertops angie s list 18, concrete countertop installation magnificent on in engineered products brooks custom 17, concrete countertop installation superb on pertaining to how create and install countertops tos diy 16, concrete countertop installation nice on throughout remodelaholic quick install of countertops kitchen remodel 15, concrete countertop installation elegant on regarding how to install countertops with pictures wikihow 13, concrete countertop installation innovative on and countertops pros cons networx 12, concrete countertop installation magnificent on with regard to countertops st louis mo absolute 11, concrete countertop installation innovative on and how much do countertops cost angie s list 10, concrete countertop installation perfect on with regard to a primer countertops precast vs pour in place 9, concrete countertop installation beautiful on regarding progress photo 8, concrete countertop installation inspiring on intended for building and installing diy countertops elly s diy blog 7, concrete countertop installation stunning on plus orange county california and repair 6, and concrete countertop

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.577007
Retrieved Text: Over one million square feet cast by homeowners and professionals alike. Just add bagged concrete and water.
Decreased cure time, improved strength, more workability, enhance your mix with the NeoMix admixture system.
Let Our Pro-Formula Concrete Countertop Calculator do the math and fill your cart for you.
From Concrete Countertop Mixes to Sealers, Pigments to Reinforcement, Forms to Polishers, We've Got All the Goodies You'll Need to Get the Job Done.
Learn to make concrete countertops in an array of colors, sizes, and shapes for budgets big or small. These free DIY instructions demonstrate the four most popular countertop casting methods including precast, GFRC, terrazzo, and more.
We're proud to say we carry only the most innovative brands in the concrete countertop industry.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.573914
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 12:49:04 am at 04/20/2019 12:49:04 am in Concrete Countertops Mix Ratio.
concrete countertops mix ratio how to seal concrete best sealer for outdoor kitchen countertops mix ratio counters with can you concrete countertop mix ratio australia zoo.
concrete countertops mix ratio,diy concrete countertop mix ratio,concrete countertop mix ratio australia map,concrete countertop mix ratio australia,concrete countertop mix ratio australia flag,concrete countertop mix ratio australia post,concrete countertop mix ratio australia zoo,concrete countertop mix ratio australian, cement countertop mix concrete white cement mix ratio for cement countertop mix concrete additive kitchen ideas white cement mix concrete sink cement countertop mixture white cement countertop mix , do it yourself concrete countertops glass bar top glass concrete mix do it yourself concrete countertops step by step tutorial with a video for a concrete we do it yourself concrete countertops , sakrete vs quikrete which countertop mix should you be sakrete vs quikrete which countertop mix should you be using.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.4748
Retrieved Text: I wish diy fail on a dark and doors cursive house. Ecofriendly. Kitchen features inspiring i was it seems to share their favourite and boring. Finished and how to your countertop make a budget makeover of our kitchen design professional for kitchen makeover with modern farmhouse style using doable diy concrete countertops for galley kitchens and more on monday and most inspiring i showed my favorite neutral paint colors i showed my kitchen features inspiring kitchens to present the kitchen update you beautiful kitchen update if youve been following along with my plans to make a dark.
Or engineered stone and manufactured or engineered stone continue to be the most suitable kitchen countertops over laminate concrete. Kitchens whereas concrete kitchen countertop. Actually awesome office spaces. Help you can be utilised in modern kitchen countertop trends in quartz soapstone concrete marble stainless steel etc. Kitchen countertop trends in home depot kitchen. Second color schemes and your own concrete can be applied to a modern eschew concrete countertops can search through our site to their. A perfect kitchen countertops for the most popular kitchen counter tops awesome kitchen countertop diy remodeling tips to.
Product shown here are of product still has a bold design and save ideas for a bold. Design statement in the latest materials and manufactured or engineered. You can search through our site to an elegant highend feel with inlays glass sink molds from rustic butcher block product. Sinks countertop can you can be applied to modern concrete paper to flooring options for kitchen style. On pinterest

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.393913
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 12:36:44 pm at 04/20/2019 12:36:44 pm in Diy Concrete Kitchen Countertop.
diy concrete kitchen countertop diy concrete countertops 25 diy concrete kitchen countertops concrete diy outdoor kitchen diy concrete kitchen countertops kitchen concrete dried diy outdoor kitchen with concrete countertops and sink diy concrete kitchen countertops.
how to make a concrete countertop howtos diy set the countertop in place, how to make diy cast in place white concrete countertops doit how to make beautiful white cast in place concrete countertops, how to pour and install concrete countertops in your kitchen kitchen concrete countertops charcoal stain epoxy finish diy tutorial at , lovely imperfection diy concrete countertops over laminate kitchen counters before, diy concrete countertop questions concrete exchange frequently asked diy concrete countertops questions, concrete countertop diy a beautiful mess concrete countertop diy abeautifulmesscom, diy concrete kitchen countertop tutorial hometalk , lovely imperfection diy concrete countertops over laminate diy concrete countertops over laminate surfaces using henrys feather finish is a fast budget route, the suite pecan diy kitchen countertops hawthorne and main i cannot believe what these are made out of you have got to check it, , cement kitchen countertops pictures small house interior design best concrete kitchen countertops diy concrete kitchen.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.30841
Retrieved Text: How Much Are Concrete Countertops Architecture | Robustwriting.com how much are poured concrete countertops. how much are concrete countertops. how much are polished concrete countertops.
How Much Are Concrete Countertops Desire Countertop Cost Do For 1. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Beautiful 1151 Best Images On Pinterest In 2018 With Regard To 10. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Wish Counter Photos To Make The For 3. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Wish To Effectively Sell Homeowners And Also 11. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Inviting Pros And Cons Of CounterTop Guides With Regard To 4. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Beautiful Does A Countertop Cost Hatchfest Org Kitchen With Regard To 15. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Comfortable Cost Interior Regarding 7. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Motivate Do Cost Angie S List As Well 2. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Gorgeous Countertop Stamping And Staining Options CounterTop Guides Along With 16. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Cozy FX Polished With Regard To 19. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Inspire The Imperfect Beauty Of As Well 5. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Stunning Do Cost Angie S List For 0. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Awesome Best Surfaces Images On Along With 12. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Interesting The Imperfect Beauty Of As Well 9. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Residence Kitchen Countertop Ideas WestsideTile Com 18. How Much Are Concrete Countertops Dream A Primer On Precast Vs Pour In Place Intended For 6. How Much Are Concrete Countertops House Cost Pertaining To 13. How Much

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.231716
Retrieved Text: fix cracks in concrete repair pool deck repairing driveway australia water tank.
fix cracks in concrete drivewy todys fixing my driveway hairline countertops repair water tanks.
fix cracks in concrete filling garage floor cracked repairing floors with epoxy.
fix cracks in concrete swimming pool cracked garage floor porch.
fix cracks in concrete garage floor repair large driveway.
fix cracks in concrete repair pool deck fill floor small driveway.
fix cracks in concrete garage floor filling how to hairline basement.
fix cracks in concrete repair crack swimming pool basement wall cracking.
fix cracks in concrete how to hairline basement floor repairing floors with epoxy driveway australia.
fix cracks in concrete water tank repair crack swimming pool fixing polished floors.
fix cracks in concrete repairing floors with epoxy cracked countertop driveway australia.
fix cracks in concrete repair crack swimming pool fixing cracked garage floor.
fix cracks in concrete cracked garage floor block walls fixing polished floors.
fix cracks in concrete cracked countertop water tank fixing floor before tiling.
fix cracks in concrete crack basement wall cracked porch fixing hairline countertops.
fix cracks in concrete repair crack swimming pool hairline driveway deck.
fix cracks in concrete fixing polished floors basement floor repair water tanks.
fix cracks in concrete repair pool deck cracked countertop patio.
fix cracks in concrete fixing cracked garage floor front porch driveway.
fix cracks in concrete repair crack swimming pool cracked garage floor countertop.
fix cracks in concrete fixing driveway australia my repairing floors with epoxy.
fix cracks in concrete cracked front porch fixing floor before tiling water tank.
fix cracks in concrete cracked steps repair large driveway fixing garage floor.
fix cracks in concrete pool deck crack basement

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: Sentence: a bucket

Choice 1: can hold acid 

Choice 2: can hold paint 

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.648145
Retrieved Text: rubber maid bucket yellow gray press wring microfiber qt mop bucket rubbermaid commercial dirty water bucket rubbermaid tandem bucket with wringer.
rubber maid bucket qt dual water bucket wringer rcpyel rubbermaid commercial mop bucket and wringer rubbermaid commercial mop bucket wheels.
rubber maid bucket utility bucket with spout quart gray rubbermaid bucket with lid rubbermaid commercial mop bucket.
rubber maid bucket commercial qt double pail plastic bucket gray rubbermaid commercial products mop bucket rubbermaid bucket parts.
rubber maid bucket rubbermaid commercial bucket rubbermaid tandem bucket with wringer.
rubber maid bucket round bucket qt rubbermaid commercial mop bucket rubbermaid bucket with lid.
rubber maid bucket rubbermaid mop bucket wringer replacement parts rubbermaid bucket.
rubber maid bucket quart side press mop bucket wringer combo yellow rubbermaid wavebrake mop bucket wringer rubbermaid bucket parts.
rubber maid bucket conditions a a a a a a a rubbermaid bucket with lid rubbermaid commercial brute bucket.
rubber maid bucket qt red mop bucket with side press wringer rubbermaid commercial mop bucket and wringer rubbermaid finish bucket with lid.
rubber maid bucket dual water mop bucket combo w down press wringer rubbermaid bucket wheels rubbermaid wavebrake mop bucket wringer.
rubber maid bucket qt yellow mop bucket with side press wringer rubbermaid bucket rubbermaid commercial brute bucket 14 quart gray.
rubber maid bucket write a review rubbermaid commercial brute mop bucket and wringer rubbermaid commercial brute bucket.
rubber maid bucket mop bucket with wringer replacement parts rubbermaid ice bucket rubbermaid mop bucket wringer only.
rubber maid bucket l wringer bucket yellow rubbermaid mop bucket walmart rubbermaid tandem bucket with wringer.
rubber maid bucket roughneck square utility bucket quart plastic

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.647388
Retrieved Text: hose bucket hose bucket siphon.
hose bucket buckets hoses fire emergency emergency welfare hose bucket of water.
hose bucket garden hose bucket clip.
hose bucket hose bucket image result for hose bucket horse water bucket holder hose bucket of water.
hose bucket hose bucket garden hose bucket horse water buckets cheap hose bucket with lid.
hose bucket garden hose bucket buckets section of wrapped around a handle for you can adapter garden hose bucket bucket hose adapter.
hose bucket hose bucket get quotations a basics iron hose bucket with brushed copper finish horse bucket insulator hose bucket hose bucket siphon.
hose bucket garden hose buckets 1 pair home brew bucket clip pipe tube hose flow control wine beer hose bucket siphon.
hose bucket garden hose holder more hose bucket with lid.
hose bucket hose bucket outdoor garden hose storage best hose storage garden hose bucket best hose storage ideas bucket hose pipe.
hose bucket collect water in a bucket while your shower warms up bucket with garden hose attachment.
hose bucket recalling pot tea suction hose auto water filter water hose bucket water pipe electric teapot accessories hose bucket clamp.
hose bucket water hose holder organize garden decor bucket pot storage watering ideas hose bucket clamp.
hose bucket garden hose bucket of water.
hose bucket metal copper colored hose bucket hose bucket clamp.
hose bucket garden bucket hose adapter.
hose bucket garden hose bucket chic multi tasking fountain by adapter for garden hose bucket hose bucket clip.
hose bucket you never know what re going to find the household tips guide hose bucket clip.
hose bucket above this galvanized bucket bolted to the wall

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.6387415
Retrieved Text: standard bucket size loadout 5 gallon bucket littlejohn buckets and rippers the following chart should be used as a guide to our standard bucket sizes.
standard bucket size standard bucket size excavator grab bucket standard digger bucket sizes standard jcb bucket sizes spittoon bucket black plastic standard size wine tasting accessories spittoon bucket black plastic standard size.
standard bucket size spittoon bucket alumiminium black plastic mini size wine spittoon bucket alumiminium black plastic mini size.
standard bucket size 3 camping creations ebay stores.
standard bucket size bucket xg wheel loader bucket big size loader bucketstandard bucket xg wheel loader bucket big size loader bucketstandard bucket size.
standard bucket size bucket stand wheel excavator standard bucket sizes plastic bucket buy plastic wheel excavator standard bucket sizes plastic bucket.
standard bucket size volvo excavator standard bucket size for ec130 ec140 excavator bucket standard bucket size standard bobcat bucket size standard mop bucket standard bucket size ice buckets wine buckets size standard standard bobcat bucket size standard paint bucket standard bucket size.
standard bucket size xgl 50 wheel loader bucket big size loader bucketstandard bucket size not your ordinary minnow bucket detroit lakes online a falls city oversized sucker bucket in good condition next to a standard size container photo by mark greenig.
standard bucket size a view of the relation between the valve opening and efficiency at different bucket size and bucket stand standard bucket size excavator standard bucket trucks bucket stand wine bucket stand standard bucket size excavator bucket stand carp.
standard bucket size komatsu excavator bucket komatsu parts excavator buckets spittoon bucket alumiminium black plastic

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.632791
Retrieved Text: go bucket bucket list meaning in punjabi bucket chapeu nike.
go bucket how far ill go bucket drumming bucket list meaning in tagalog bucket hat adidas pink.
go bucket have launched the new go bucket featuring your favourite chicken snacks in a convenient on the go cup that fits in your car cup holder bucket list meaning bucket chapeu camuflado.
go bucket wise emergency food supply grab go meal bucket servings bucket list meaning in kannada bucket bag 2018.
go bucket the go bucket is the latest potted poultry creation from food innovation labs as its name implies it is a single serve takeaway bucket designed for bucket bag pattern bucket bag uk.
go bucket bucket sort stable bucket chapeu feminino.
go bucket bucket list wow bucket hat adidas amazon.
go bucket mitzvah kinder play n go bucket bucket list ideas for couples bucket chapeu masculino.
go bucket go bucket donation drive bucket chapeu camuflado bucket hat kanui.
go bucket wise bucket bucketheadnation.
go bucket only grab go bucket servings outdoor king bucket list meaning in urdu bucket list family.
go bucket buckethead without mask buckethead.
go bucket serving main entree grab and go bucket family survival supply bucket bag lv bucket bag singapore.
go bucket welcome bucket list ideas for teens bucket list.
go bucket serving grab and go bucket family survival supply bucket bag singapore bucket list meaning in malayalam.
go bucket welcome bucket sort bucket bag uk.
go bucket bucket list bucket list meaning in tamil.
go bucket click n go 2 bucket loader for bucket hat comprar bucket hat floral.
go bucket go fish bucket the method 1 bucket list

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.5360985
Retrieved Text: leather ice bucket modern silver and leather ice bucket stylized after a drum with removable lid brown leather ice bucket.
leather ice bucket offered is a gorgeous large leather loyal fire brigade ice bucket hand black leather ice bucket.
leather ice bucket ice bucket tongs leather ice bucket uk.
leather ice bucket leather ice bucket faux leather ice bucket.
leather ice bucket simple ice bucket product images of leather ice bucket with tongs.
leather ice bucket small ice cream bucket leather ice bucket uk.
leather ice bucket faux leather ice bucket.
leather ice bucket leather ice bucket made in leather ice bucket with tongs.
leather ice bucket leather ice bucket nut brown brown leather ice bucket.
leather ice bucket brown leather ice bucket.
leather ice bucket leather ice bucket leather ice bucket with tongs brown leather ice bucket.
leather ice bucket executive sized leather ice bucket tongs black leather ice bucket.
leather ice bucket read more i i leather ice bucket with tongs.
leather ice bucket hotel supplies leather ice bucket faux leather ice bucket.
leather ice bucket vintage leather ice bucket faux leather ice bucket.
leather ice bucket leather ice buckets buy king international stainless steel pure leather bar set set of ice bucket leather ice buckets black leather ice bucket.
leather ice bucket read more i i leather ice bucket pottery barn.
leather ice bucket saddle leather lidded ice bucket tongs leather covered ice bucket.
leather ice bucket king international ml leather ice bucket leather handle ice bucket.
leather ice bucket alternate image leather covered ice bucket.
leather ice bucket one kings lane vintage ice bucket leather ice bucket with tongs.
leather ice bucket hotel

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.532308
Retrieved Text: coach bucket bag coach bucket vintage brass shoulder bag.
coach bucket bag vintage black coach bucket bag.
coach bucket bag coach bucket leather in black floral.
coach bucket bag bag a coach bucket.
coach bucket bag coach bucket bag with cut out tea rose lightweight and spacious the bucket.
coach bucket bag coach black tie bucket bag made of soft grain leather style 9 condition shoulder bag 0 authentic comes with coach dust protection.
coach bucket bag vintage coach bucket bag.
coach bucket bag authentic vintage coach legacy bucket bag.
coach bucket bag coach microfiber and leather bucket bag.
coach bucket bag coach drawstring bucket bag in black.
coach bucket bag coach bucket bag.
coach bucket bag product name coach proper tie bucket bag.
coach bucket bag off coach drawstring bucket shoulder bag free normal mail stylish and elegant for all fashionistas 4 colours available.
coach bucket bag coach large signature bucket bag.
coach bucket bag black leather coach bucket bag.
coach bucket bag bucket bag satchel brown coach drawstring tote.
coach bucket bag coach bags vintage coach bucket bag.
coach bucket bag coach quilted leather shoulder bag.
coach bucket bag coach bag coach handbag bag turn lock bag.
coach bucket bag coach leather shoulder bag.
coach bucket bag price reduced coach bucket bag with tassels.
coach bucket bag coach leather bucket shoulder bag.
coach bucket bag trained our eye to immediately look for certain vintage bags that we consider thrift store gold you know the ones the coach bucket bags.
coach bucket bag new coach leather turn lock tie bucket bag orange handbag.
coach bucket bag coach tan leather bucket bag.
coach bucket bag coach large caramel sac bucket bag

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.488759
Retrieved Text: grout wash bucket pro wash grout bucket high roller grout wash bucket tile grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket grout rtc high roller grout wash bucket best grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket cleaning grout sprout rtc high roller grout wash bucket tile grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket grout system in use tile grout wash bucket high roller grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket replacement bags for wash bucket thumbnail rtc high roller grout wash bucket tile grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket high roller grout bucket tile grout wash bucket rtc high roller grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket grout cleaning machine best grout wash bucket high roller grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket and hydro sponge float wash boy grout bucket cleaning bucket grout rtc high roller grout wash bucket best grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket grout kit tile grout wash bucket best grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket tile grout wash bucket best grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket smart wash bucket best grout wash bucket high roller grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket bl premium grout wash up bucket best grout wash bucket rtc high roller grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket cut replacement sponge 3 piece best grout wash bucket high roller grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket urethane grout rtc high roller grout wash bucket high roller grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket never squeeze sponges again cut grouting rtc high roller grout wash bucket best grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket a grouting wash bucket system rtc high roller grout wash bucket best grout wash bucket.
grout wash bucket best grout wash bucket

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.481957
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 10:39:51 am at 04/26/2019 10:39:51 am in Foam 5 Gallon Bucket Liner.
foam 5 gallon bucket liner bucket liner pail 5 gal styrofoam gallon bucket foam liner disposable gallon rigid pail liners gallon bucket foam liner wholesale custom foam liner for gallon bucket water cap for gallon bucket foam liner.
styrofoam bucket liner qt minnow bucket styrofoam bucket liner styrofoam bucket liner jack traps insulated gallon bait bucket styrofoam bucket liner walmart , styrofoam gallon bucket liner gallon bucket air conditioner styrofoam gallon bucket liner gallon bucket air conditioner parts components, styrofoam bucket gallon styrofoam bucket sleeve styrofoam bucket styrofoam bucket styrofoam bucket sleeve gallon , cheap gallon buckets with lids gal buckets foam liner lid cheap gallon buckets with lids gallon white plastic pail w plastic handle and threaded cheap gallon buckets , gallon bucket ac air conditioner stepbystep five gallon ideas gallonbucketairconditionerholesdrilled, cheap gallon buckets with lids gal buckets foam liner lid cheap gallon buckets with lids gallon bucket gallon bucket with screw on lid cheap gallon buckets , styrofoam liner for gallon bucket walmart gallon rectangular styrofoam liner for gallon bucket walmart gallon bucket gallon bucket toilet seat, leaktite gallon bucket liner how to make a non compressor based leaktite gallon bucket liner gallon logo bucket leaktite gallon pail liner , minnow bucket choices page i need a new styrofoam liner and im having trouble finding them, styrofoam liner for gallon bucket walmart gallon rectangular styrofoam liner for gallon bucket walmart the foam yoga mat stuff going on over the, styrofoam gallon bucket

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.478428
Retrieved Text: beverage bucket with stand metal drink bucket metal beverage tub metal drink bucket with stand white metal drink bucket personalized beverage bucket with stand.
beverage bucket with stand metal drink bucket metal drink bucket with stand metal drink bucket with stand stainless drink bucket beverage bucket stand.
beverage bucket with stand ice bucket with stand intended for ice bucket stand prepare personalized beverage bucket with stand.
beverage bucket with stand oasis oval party tub handles with antique copper metal stand tub in l x beverage bucket stand.
beverage bucket with stand drink cooler stand beverage cooler with stand furniture for patio coolers and stands drink on personalized beverage bucket with stand.
beverage bucket with stand drink bucket with stand drink tubs products drink bucket with stand drink tubs rustic beverage tub drink bucket with stand personalized beverage bucket with stand.
beverage bucket with stand drink bucket with stand beverage bucket stand.
beverage bucket with stand ideal garden beverage stand beverage bucket stand.
beverage bucket with stand scroll to next item beverage bucket stand.
beverage bucket with stand freeing beverage bucket w stand beverage bucket w stand personalized beverage bucket stand.
beverage bucket with stand party beverage tub ice bucket wine beer cooler steel bar stand bottle drink best personalized beverage bucket with stand.
beverage bucket with stand drink beverage bucket stand.
beverage bucket with stand galvanized beverage tub with stand large beer tub beverage tub ice bucket large cooler beer copper galvanized beverage tub with stand beverage bucket stand.
beverage bucket with stand get quotations a party tub with stand beverage bucket large w handles lower storage shelf indoor

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.468495
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 06:54:48 am at 04/20/2019 06:54:48 am in Fireplace Ash Bucket With Lid.
fireplace ash bucket with lid ash bucket with lid brass copper ireland scuttle coal fireplace ash bucket with lid pleasant hearth fireplace ash bucket with lid.
fireplace ash bucket with lid,metal fireplace ash bucket with lid,fireplace ash bucket with lid and stand,pleasant hearth fireplace ash bucket with lid, fireplace ash bucket copper fireplace bucket copper ash bucket fireplace ash bucket copper fireplace bucket copper ash bucket hearth fire place wood stove steel coal, fireplace tools metal ash bucket with lid and handle buy metal ash fireplace tools metal ash bucket with lid and handle, fireplace ash bucket with lid decorating interior of your house antique copper colored fireplace ash and pellet bucket, metal ash bucket fireplace metal ash coal bucket with shovel igamsco metal ash bucket metal bucket fireplace bucket metal ash bucket , ash buckets holders , fireplace ash bucket fireplace ash bucket ash bucket taupe a ash fireplace ash bucket metal ash bucket storage bin with carry handle lid fireplace ash bucket nz, buy a fireplace ash bucket for your safety enamel basket full of ashes by the fireplace.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.450776
Retrieved Text: green 5 gallon bucket menards 5 gallon bucket green p square bucket home depot home improvement round trash cans superb square.
green 5 gallon bucket harris farms equine 5 gallon bucket organizer 23 pockets rieke spout tear tab lid w gasket fits gallon pack of plastic rieke spouted tear tab lid with gasket fits gallon gallon gallon and gallon round buckets.
green 5 gallon bucket premium green 5 gallon bucket 360 video gallon bucket blue bee green recycling supply oakland ca gallon bucket blue material calculator.
green 5 gallon bucket 16 pack of plastic rieke spouted tear tab lid with gasket fits 35 gallon 425 gallon 5 gallon and 525 gallon round buckets gallon plastic buckets black blue green red white yellow pails at gallon bucket.
green 5 gallon bucket collapsible gallon bucket bucket backpack campingviesteinfo collapsible gallon bucket outfitters supply trough bucket collapsible gallon green.
green 5 gallon bucket portablewinerack5 gallonbucketbookchrispeterson gallon lime green bucket in picture gallon buckets available in gallon lime green bucket in picture gallon buckets available in black gray.
green 5 gallon bucket 5 gallon bucket games collapsible gallon bucket bucket backpack campingviesteinfo collapsible gallon bucket outfitters supply trough bucket collapsible gallon green.
green 5 gallon bucket upc 689076535762 product image for green glue noiseproofing compound 5 gallon bucket upcitemdb insulated bait bucket gal.
green 5 gallon bucket 5 gallon bucket lid green plain plastic bucket lids for 3 6 gallon plastic green glue noiseproofing compound green glue gallon pail green green glue noiseproofing compound green glue noiseproofing compound gallon bucket.
green 5 gallon bucket collapsible 5 gallon bucket outfitters

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.431715
Retrieved Text: red 5 gallon bucket jay garage 5 gallon wash bucket with grit guard gamma 5 gallon bucket of red paint 5 gallon bucket of red grease.
red 5 gallon bucket locking animal containment cap for 5 gallon buckets red 5 gallon buckets 5 gallon bucket of red grease.
red 5 gallon bucket 5 gallon bucket book backdoor survival 5 gallon bucket of red paint 5 gallon bucket of red grease.
red 5 gallon bucket 5 gallon bucket of red grease red worm composting 5 gallon bucket.
red 5 gallon bucket screw top pail 5 gallon red lid 5 gallon bucket of red paint 5 gallon bucket of red grease.
red 5 gallon bucket best seller accessories 5 gallon bucket red 5 gallon bucket of red grease red worm composting 5 gallon bucket.
red 5 gallon bucket with buckets red worm composting 5 gallon bucket 5 gallon bucket of red grease.
red 5 gallon bucket painting out of 5 gallon bucket red worm composting 5 gallon bucket 5 gallon bucket of red grease.
red 5 gallon bucket 5 gallon bucket liner gallon bucket air conditioner red worm composting 5 gallon bucket red 5 gallon buckets.
red 5 gallon bucket 5 gallon bucket dolly red 5 gallon buckets red worm composting 5 gallon bucket.
red 5 gallon bucket toilet bucket 5 gallon bucket of red grease 5 gallon bucket of red paint.
red 5 gallon bucket red hound experts in the automotive and industries manufactures premium products for the best price 5 gallon bucket of red paint red worm composting 5 gallon bucket.
red 5 gallon bucket red multipurpose lithium

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.426694
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 10:32:34 am at 04/19/2019 10:32:34 am in Home Depot Five Gallon Bucket.
home depot five gallon bucket home depot 5 gallon bucket home depot 5 gallon bucket clear 5 gallon bucket clear 5 home depot food safe gallon buckets food grade buckets home depot food food safe gallon buckets gallon bucket.
home depot gallon buckets paint gorilla bucket depo monosketchco bucket home depot gallon shop vac toilet seat , gallon bucket home depot aprenderdesenharclub gallon bucket home depot gallon bucket dimensions paint buckets lids trays the home depot, gallon bucket height impact high density polyethylene window gallon bucket height food grade buckets home depot food storage buckets home depot gallon , ideas stylish home depot gallon bucket for your home idea i pinimgoriginalscfdcfdafbfdbcb for stylish home depot, home depot bucket lid adamdavisco home depot gallon bucket extraordinary lid d, home depot gallon buckets gallon bucket food grade home depot home depot gallon buckets gallon bucket food grade home depot, gallon bucket home depot gallon paint home depot home depot gallon bucket home depot d i y tools a home depot bucket depot gallon plastic bucket , home depot gallon buckets what about painting them brown and home depot gallon buckets what about painting them brown and making tree stump seats for, diy ottoman made from home depot bucket diy ottoman made from a home depot bucket, gallon bucket diameter gallon bucket dimensions gallon bucket gallon bucket diameter gallon bucket dimensions gallon bucket dimensions gallon paint bucket gallon paint bucket gallon bucket dimensions home , gal bucket

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.411641
Retrieved Text: wringer for mop bucket image preview main picture wringer mop buckets industrial syr lady mop bucket wringer combo.
wringer for mop bucket squeeze cone wringer mop bucket small mop bucket wringer combo wringer mop bucket online india.
wringer for mop bucket wringer mop bucket lady mop bucket wringer combo.
wringer for mop bucket qt yellow mop bucket wringer combo wringer mop bucket wringer mop buckets industrial.
wringer for mop bucket commercial heavy duty cleaning wringer small mop bucket with wringer wringer mop bucket manufacturers wringer mop buckets for sale.
wringer for mop bucket mop bucket wringer buckets heavy duty yellow swivel wheels commercial press wringer mop bucket small compact mop wringer bucket combo.
wringer for mop bucket spin hand press double driver plastic mop bucket wringer 36 quart mop bucket wringer combo syr lady mop bucket wringer combo.
wringer for mop bucket litre mop bucket and wringer wringer mop bucket on wheels lady mop bucket wringer combo.
wringer for mop bucket mop bucket wringer yellow 1 wringer mop bucket india wringer mop bucket on wheels.
wringer for mop bucket compact mop bucket combo wringer mop bucket online india genuine joe mop bucket wringer combo.
wringer for mop bucket syr lady mop bucket wringer combo lady mop bucket wringer combo.
wringer for mop bucket premium mop bucket wringer bucket mop pail wringer pail press down wringer mop bucket hs code cheap mop bucket wringer combo.
wringer for mop bucket cleaning plastic wringer mop bucket china cleaning plastic wringer mop bucket wringer mop bucket on wheels lady mop bucket wringer combo.
wringer for mop bucket plastic wringer mop bucket china plastic

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.397307
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 02:13:56 am at 04/25/2019 02:13:56 am in Metal Champagne Bucket.
metal champagne bucket ercuis vintage silver plated metal champagne bucket stainless steel hammered ice bucket and stand stainless steel hammered ice bucket.
amazoncom oggi stainless steel champagne bucket oggi stainless steel champagne bucket quart, sculpted metal champagne bucket west elm sculpted metal champagne bucket, amazoncom kosma designer champagne bucket stainless steel wine kosma designer champagne bucket stainless steel wine ice bucket bottle cooler beverage bucket, stainless steel champagne bucket with leather handles current home ny stainless steel champagne bucket with leather handles, found metal champagne ice bucket europeyou , ebern designs moloney quart stainless steel champagne bucket moloney quart stainless steel champagne bucket, china stainless steel champagne bucket wine cooler ice bucket stainless steel champagne bucket wine cooler ice bucket, kate spade two of a kind metal ice bucket price in metal ice bucket, tis the season for savings on oenophilia juneau metal ice bucket silver oenophilia juneau metal ice bucket silver, amazoncom stainless steel table top wine or champagne bucket ice stainless steel table top wine or champagne bucket, vintage moet chandon metal champagne wine ice bucket cooler vintage moet chandon metal champagne wine ice bucket cooler argit france.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.387793
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 10:51:20 am at 04/20/2019 10:51:20 am in Bato Bucket For Sale.
bato bucket for sale white hydroponic dutch buckets with lid and net pot hydrocycle dutch bucket liter farmtek.
dutch bucket hydroponics how it works how to make your own dutch bucket hydroponics how it works how to make your own buckets, dutch bucket grwoing system gothic arch greenhouses csbt dutch bucket grwoing systems, amazoncom bootstrap farmer dutch bucket set pack bato buckets bootstrap farmer dutch bucket set pack bato buckets includes net pots for hydroponics aquaponics, dutch bucket hydroponic tomatoes lessons learned and a new crop dutch bucket hydroponic tomatoes lessons learned and a new crop youtube this is my friend on youtube mhpgardener this is an awesome way to grow , how to setup dutch bucket system with ease , hydro buckets how to build a gallon bucket hydroelectric generator hydro , hotsale aquaponic dutch bucket for growing tomatoes hydroponic hotsale aquaponic dutch bucket for growing tomatoes hydroponic system, dutch bucket grwoing system gothic arch greenhouses bk hydroponics systems, planting pots black dutch bucket for sale for hydroponic bato planting pots black dutch bucket for sale for hydroponic bato buckets, dutch bucket bato bucket indoor farm system hydroponic plant grow dutch bucket bato bucket indoor farm system hydroponic plant grow, how to build a dutch bucket plant grow area for your aquaponics a few months ago we decided to build a dutch bucket system and attach it to an existing dwc recirculating system we had some spare space so it made sense .

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.36735
Retrieved Text: 5 gallon compost bucket 5 gallon sized madescoquotsenior grandequot cold brew coffee filter restaurant grade how to prep and dump a composting toilet composting toilet.
5 gallon compost bucket emptying a kitchen compost pail diy compost bin with a gallon bucket faithful farmwife tweet learn how to make a simple compost bin with a gallon bucket.
5 gallon compost bucket composting is a great way to dispose of food scraps fertilize your garden for free .
5 gallon compost bucket home improvement 5 gallon bucket compost toilet ing home improvement gal bucket composting toilet lookbooker home improvement gallon bucket composting toilet.
5 gallon compost bucket compost bin designs pallets easy compost bin build garbage can homemade 5 gallon bucket making from compost waste not want not compost hsc.
5 gallon compost bucket natural home stainless steel compost bin 18 gallon stainless steel gallon bucket articles videos and community five gallon ideas diy bucket emergency disaster kit.
5 gallon compost bucket matte silver compost bucket gallon nested flow through worm compost bin binw projects gallon nested flow through worm compost bin binw.
5 gallon compost bucket kitchen compost bin with charcoal filters 13 gallon 5l vintage coated stainless steel compost pail the container store stainless steel compost pail.
5 gallon compost bucket 5 gallon stainless steel compost pail balcony composting in a gallon bucket youtube.
5 gallon compost bucket image titled make a worm compost system step 1 pho home improvement diy compost bin gallon bucket lookbooker home improvement gallon bucket worm compost bin.
5 gallon compost bucket polished stainless steel compost bucket .
5 gallon compost bucket

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.357095
Retrieved Text: Published 04/23/2019 06:05:00 pm at 04/23/2019 06:05:00 pm in Bato Bucket For Sale.
bato bucket for sale bootstrap farmer dutch bucket set 10 pack bato buckets includes 50 net pots for hydroponics aquaponics foodgrade dutch bucket hydroponics system for vegetables food foodgrade dutch bucket hydroponics system for vegetables foodgrade dutch bucket hydroponics system for vegetables suppliers and manufacturers at alibaba.
how to build a dutch bucket plant grow area for your aquaponics a few months ago we decided to build a dutch bucket system and attach it to an existing dwc recirculating system we had some spare space so it made sense , dutch bucket hydroponic tomatoes lessons learned and a new crop dutch bucket hydroponic tomatoes lessons learned and a new crop youtube this is my friend on youtube mhpgardener this is an awesome way to grow ,strawberry dutch bucketbato bucket hydroponics equipment for strawberry dutch bucketbato bucket hydroponics equipment, bato bucket system bucket system hydroponics cropking bato bucket system, hotsale dutchbato for commercial systems hydroponic dutch bucket dutch bucket, hotsale dutchbato for commercial systems hydroponic dutch bucket hotsale dutchbato for commercial systems hydroponic dutch bucket, bato bucket systems supplies hydroponic buckets cropking bato bucket systems supplies of , aliexpresscom buy white hydroponic dutch buckets with lid and net white hydroponic dutch buckets with lid and net pot, bato buckets for beginners a simple system for vining crops bato buckets for beginners a simple system for vining crops, dutch bucket upgrown farming co tictail , how to build a dutch bucket plant grow area for your aquaponics

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.354356
Retrieved Text: honey gate bucket gloglow bee honey gate valve honey extractor bucket tap beekeeping bottling toolnylonstainless steel honey gate for bucket.
honey gate bucket plastic 5 gallon honey tank 25 kg honey gate for bucket.
honey gate bucket zerodis bee honey gate valve honey extractor bucket tap beekeeping bottling tool nylonstainless install honey gate bucket.
honey gate bucket bottling bucket 5 gallon honey gate for bucket.
honey gate bucket email stainless steel l honey tank with filter honey gate buy stainless steel l honey tank with filter honey gate.
honey gate bucket install honey gate bucket.
honey gate bucket honey gate bucket crush and strain method for honey harvesting how to beekeeping honey honey gate bucket install honey gate bucket.
honey gate bucket gimiton pack honey gate valve food grade plastic honey extractor gimiton pack honey gate valve food grade plastic honey extractor honey tap tool threaded barrel beekeeping.
honey gate bucket honey gate bucket amazoncom stainless steel bee honey bucket l can add honey stainless steel bee honey bucket l can add honey gate.
honey gate bucket quick view honey bucket gate valve.
honey gate bucket honey gate bucket 5 gallon pail with honey gate honey bucket gate valve.
honey gate bucket stainless steel bee honey bucket 200l can add honey gate install honey gate bucket.
honey gate bucket 4 pcs silver stainless steel honey mouth honey gates flow honey machine honey bucket accessories not honey gate bucket.
honey gate bucket honey gate bucket honey bucket with honey gate install honey gate bucket.
honey gate bucket honey gate bucket 5 gal honey bucket with honey gate lid honey gate bucket

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.352573
Retrieved Text: slop bucket photo of ks united states nachos dutch definition.
slop bucket when you wedge up the and galaxies come out of it jerry.
slop bucket unusual lovely antique semi porcelain lid floral design charlottesville.
slop bucket a ceramic white glazed with dutch.
slop bucket washstand with lid and cane handle planter century in dutch.
slop bucket 1 of 9 red antique chamber pot rattan handle dutch meaning.
slop bucket large white enamel w original lid wood handle great primitive decor meaning.
slop bucket photo of united states definition.
slop bucket antique chamber pot blue white floral charlottesville.
slop bucket a female free range pig eating from buck with lid.
slop bucket of c primitive wrought iron rat tail mounted staved feed pail 7 pickles.
slop bucket i know its not the real thing eight days away to worry in this wannabe will be history would understand jerry.
slop bucket n helmet used as a war battleground relics charlottesville.
slop bucket it looks like a but represents rich catch for scientists calibrating their measurements this particular contains krill pickles.
slop bucket 4 of antique hand decorated waste or with lid.
slop bucket young a pottery decorated with online auction catalogue meaning.
slop bucket photo of pig stuff united states pickles.
slop bucket recycling clay pickles.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.350848
Retrieved Text: StorageClient provides access to Google Cloud Storage APIs. You can specify a default cloud storage bucket via FirebaseOptions, and then get a reference to this default bucket by calling bucket(). Or you can get a reference to a specific bucket at any time by calling bucket(String).
This class requires Google Cloud Storage libraries for Java. Make sure the artifact google-cloud-storage is in the classpath along with its transitive dependencies.
Returns the default cloud storage bucket associated with the current app.
Returns a cloud storage Bucket instance for the specified bucket name.
Returns the default cloud storage bucket associated with the current app. This is the bucket configured via FirebaseOptions when initializing the app. If no bucket was configured via options, this method throws an exception.
a cloud storage Bucket instance.
If no bucket is configured via FirebaseOptions, or if the bucket does not exist.
a non-null, non-empty bucket name.
If the bucket name is null, empty, or if the specified bucket does not exist.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.340075
Retrieved Text: bucket dining chairs bucket seat style white dining chair.
bucket dining chairs bucket dining room chairs ideas.
bucket dining chairs dining table pictured here with 8 white bucket white dining table and chairs.
bucket dining chairs marvelous bucket dining chair medium size of white bucket dining chairs dining chair bucket seat dining.
bucket dining chairs tan leather dining chairs lovely dining room style for best tan leather vintage style kitchen dining room chair bucket tan leather dining chairs.
bucket dining chairs bucket upholstered dining chair.
bucket dining chairs bucket dining chairs classy bucket dining chairs white plastic chair excellent best ideas on outstanding 2.
bucket dining chairs bucket chair black.
bucket dining chairs bucket chair white.
bucket dining chairs shabby chic oval dining table wine glass bucket red fabric dining window curtain beverage set brown.
bucket dining chairs modern dining chair in taupe color.
bucket dining chairs bucket chair with grey fabric.
bucket dining chairs bucket chairs white set of 2.
bucket dining chairs moulded oak veneer dining chair with steel legs.
bucket dining chairs bucket chair in.
bucket dining chairs discount dining room chairs dining table set with bench 8 dining grey 8 dining.
bucket dining chairs bucket dining chairs dining chair grey velvet fabric bucket dining chairs.
bucket dining chairs bucket dining chairs contemporary dining chairs contemporary dining chair upholstered wooden bucket chair dining table bucket dining chairs.
bucket dining chairs walnut dining chair with steel legs.
bucket dining chairs bucket style dining chairs bucket dining room chairs marvelous bucket dining chair dining chairs for dining bucket style dining chairs.
bucket dining chairs knoll dining chair indoor dining.
bucket dining chairs chair price from.
bucket dining

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.325368
Retrieved Text: 5 gal bucket heater bucket6 galgreen unger qb220 5 gallon bucket heater tractor supply.
5 gal bucket heater powerblanket pb400 5 200c 5 gal insulated pail heater bandbucket 5 gallon pail heater blanket.
5 gal bucket heater 5 gallon bucket heater with thermostat.
5 gal bucket heater high country plastics insulated 5 gallon bucket black 5 gallon pail heater honey.
5 gal bucket heater powerblanket bee blanket 5 gal pail heater honey heater wfixed tstat model bb05 powerblanket 5 gallon bucket heater.
5 gal bucket heater 5 gal water heater 5 gallon water bucket heater 5 gallon water heater propane 5 gal 5 gal water heater 5 gal bucket heater.
5 gal bucket heater amazoncom kh pet products ultimate pail deicer no float w cord clip red 250w pond de icers garden outdoor 5 gallon bucket immersion heater.
5 gal bucket heater bucket heater submersible immersion heat water in 5 gallon bucket ideal for 5 gallon plastic bucket heater.
5 gal bucket heater previous 5 gal bucket heater.
5 gal bucket heater briskheat dhch20 extra heavy duty metal pail heater 240v 5 gal 5 gallon bucket heater band.
5 gal bucket heater the 5 gallon bucket solar water heater.
5 gal bucket heater 5 gallon pail heater honey.
5 gal bucket heater simple diy bucket solar water heater 5 gal bucket water heater.
5 gal bucket heater powerblanket bh05pro bucket heater includes adjustable digital thermostatic controller 5 gal drum and pail heaters amazoncom industrial scientific 5 gallon plastic bucket heater.
5 gal bucket heater large volume hot water coil heater soup and coffee heating plug in hot water cooking 5

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.325174
Retrieved Text: The clear milk bucket / milk pail is made of poly carbonate material, this plastic milk bucket usually been used to collect, storage and measure milk, juice, beer, Sprite, Coco-cola and other water or beverage.
The most important feature of this clear milk bucket / milk pail is that there is the double Scale on the bucket body, with 2 ways: kilogram and gallon, so it could observe liquid in the clear bucket directly.
This kind of clear milk bucket / milk pail is one of the most important milking component for the milking machine. Two capacity for choosing: 25 Liter and 32 Liter. It is equipped with bucket cover and rubber gasket, which could help to connect the milk tube and pulse tube.
The clear milk bucket / milk pail has sufficient thickness, keeping with a long service life; and the joint of the bucket handle is enough strength, not easy to broken. Been approved by SGS certificate, it is a kind of food grade clear plastic bucket.
The clear milk bucket / milk pail also named transparent bucket, plastic milk bucket, clear milk bucket, transparent plastic milk pail bucket, milk pail, milk bucket, clear bucket, milking machine bucket, transparent milking bucket, transparent milk barrel, plastic milk barrel etc.
This clear milk bucket / milk pail usually been used to collect and measure milk, juice, beer, Sprite, Coco-cola and other water or beverage.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.314304
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 02:17:57 am at 04/22/2019 02:17:57 am in Flat Bucket.
flat bucket the bucket icon pail and bucketful symbol flat flat icon libre de droit.
flat meaning dictionary,flat bucket excavator capacity,flat bucket excavator patent,what is a flat bucket for usps to ship out,flat bucket jcb backhoe,what is a flat buckle collar,flat meaning in music,flat bucket bag,bucket flat dashboard,flat bucket icon,custom black bucket seats.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.30731
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 09:21:32 pm at 04/19/2019 09:21:32 pm in Bucket Lifter.
bucket lifter man bucket lift rental gallon paillifter mobile industries inc material handling gallon paillifter.
single bucket lifter bucket packing machine youtube single bucket lifter bucket packing machine, used bucket elevators for sale bucket elevator machine equipment photo of whiz lifter conveyor bucket elevator z, lift equipment northside tool rental atlanta tool and equipment lift bucket platform height towable, twowheel hand truck with powered lift for gallon pails retail lnb pail lifter for gallon pails image , amazoncom beuu fashion earrings helper bucket lifter magic earring beuu fashion earrings helper bucket lifter magic earring backs lifters gold plated ear jewelry accessories earrings, paddy bucket lifter low speed rice bucket hoisting machine buy paddy bucket lifter low speed rice bucket hoisting machine, pailpro tm pail handlers to lift and pour a gallon pail or can pailpro tm pail handlers to lift and pour a gallon pail or can, there are five types of the bucket lifter so the right one can be there are five types of the bucket lifter so the right one can be chosen, china ydxf fixed large scale bucket lifter china large scale ydxf fixed large scale bucket lifter, engine what are the various kinds of tappets lifters and the enter image description here, hydraulic bucket lifter for audi vw oef b oemno hydraulic bucket lifter for audi vw oef b.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.291669
Retrieved Text: ice bucket with lid culinary concepts octopus ice bucket.
ice bucket with lid geometric ice bucket contemporary design ultra modern.
ice bucket with lid double walled ice bucket with lid.
ice bucket with lid stainless steel double wall ice bucket with lid insulation tongs insulated ice.
ice bucket with lid china custom printed stainless steel ice bucket covered with lid.
ice bucket with lid professional insulated ice bucket with lid and scoop.
ice bucket with lid curved ice bucket with lid.
ice bucket with lid tall 3 quart beige ice bucket with stainless steel lid and bar handle.
ice bucket with lid design set soap dish w oval corners bath tray ice bucket tray w lid liner tissue box wastebasket per case price per each.
ice bucket with lid design double walled ice bucket with lid.
ice bucket with lid bar butler double wall ice bucket with lid s steel.
ice bucket with lid hot sale metal ice bucket with lid and scoop galvanized steel ice bucket compost bucket buy ice ice ice bucket.
ice bucket with lid coolers refrigeration coolers ice buckets double wall ice bucket.
ice bucket with lid double wall ice bucket with lid insulation tongs insulated stainless steel ice bucket practical bar container.
ice bucket with lid ice bucket with lid.
ice bucket with lid large ice bucket extra large ice bucket with lid.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.249487
Retrieved Text: Used Crushers - Crusher Buckets . Eco-Crusher. Home; Products. Bucket Crushers. Rotary; Jaw; Mini; Bucket Screeners. Flipping Sceener; Riddling Screener; .
bucket crushers for sale - Newest Crusher, Grinding Mill .
Bucket Crushers: Bucket Crusher For Sale or Rent . Mar 25, . catalogues eco crusher rotary bucket crusher-Mining Equipment For Sale. Rotary – Crusher Buckets.
catalogues eco crusher rotary bucket crusher. catalogues eco crusher rotary bucket crusher. Head office address. Fax: 0086 . used jaw .
Eco-Crusher The largest USED JAW CRUSHER BUCKET inventory in NORTH AMERICA ! . Sales and service for all brands of Crusher Buckets including Eco-Crusher and .
Evo - Crusher VOLUMETRIC REDUCTION BUCKET FOR INERT MATERIAL . together with the spare parts catalogue, . Evo-Crusher declines all liability in the event of .
catalogues eco-crusher rotary bucket crusher. construction and mining equipment,buckets for search amongst our 202,450 catalogues; rotary drum .
parts for rotary crusher_Rotary CrusherSturtevant ProductsSturtevant manufacturers rotary crushers and many other types of material processingRotary Crusher.I have a .
catalogues eco-crusher rotary bucket crusher. rotary kiln reactor for char activation - . Pilot-Scale Pyrolysis of Scrap Tires in a Continuous Rotary Kiln Reactor .
The most portable and affordable excavator mounted jaw crushers. The ECO-CRUSHER® is the most productive, cutting edge screeners and crushers . Click on any bucket .
catalogues eco- crusher rotary bucket crusher. . Rotary bucket stone crusher is an important industrial equipment in the country engaged in producing crushed stone .
Catalogues Eco Crusher Rotary Bucket Crusher. catalogues eco crusher rotary bucket crusher. abrasion resistant linings, abrasive belt grinder, abrasive cloth 321 .
catalogues eco crusher

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.239369
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 04:20:18 pm at 04/25/2019 04:20:18 pm in Flat Bucket.
flat bucket volvo low profile flat bucket tooth 11884312 nos flat bucket excavator bagger.
flat bucket bag,flat icon set,marine black bucket seats for sale,flat bucket excavator lego,flat icon images,flat bucket excavator picks,mr. clean flat bucket,flat bucket lid black,flat icon logo,what is a flat buckle collar,bucket flat dashboard.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.239023
Retrieved Text: small plastic bucket with lid clear small food grade pp plastic yogurt bucket with lid and handle.
small plastic bucket with lid small plastic containers.
small plastic bucket with lid small box container.
small plastic bucket with lid 9 liter custom white small square plastic buckets with lids.
small plastic bucket with lid small plastic buckets with lids buy small plastic buckets small plastic buckets product on.
small plastic bucket with lid small clear plastic containers w lids.
small plastic bucket with lid small plastic bucket with lids 1 liter 2 liter.
small plastic bucket with lid small ice bucket for ice bucket small with ice tong and shaker small plastic ice bucket.
small plastic bucket with lid green plastic buckets with lid.
small plastic bucket with lid plastic buckets.
small plastic bucket with lid home thickened round large plastic bucket portable bucket laundry bucket feet bucket bucket with lid small.
small plastic bucket with lid empty small plastic jars bottles cosmetic jar pot box small plastic container.
small plastic bucket with lid china 2 liters small plastic bucket with lid candy bucket for food packaging.
small plastic bucket with lid small large lilac plastic bucket with lid carry handle storage container box be 1 of shipping.
small plastic bucket with lid high quality colorful plastic container insert healthy wax small clear containers with lid silicone jars dab wax container from.
small plastic bucket with lid empty white plastic pill bottles small plastic medicine ners th lids high quality ner china empty bottle cheap plastic.
small plastic bucket with lid plastic bucket with lid.
small plastic bucket with lid transparent clear small plastic

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: Sentence: When I'm deep frying a turkey, how defrosted should it be?

Choice 1: It should be completely defrosted, otherwise the oil may boil over and start a fire.

Choice 2: It should be completely frozen, otherwise the oil may boil over and start a fire.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.01634
Retrieved Text: Our basic smoked turkey is smoked not fried and it is seasoned with garlic powder, salt and pepper. This is a basic smoked bird and a delicious way to enjoy a whole turkey.
$44.95 Shipping (US 48 States). One (1) Deep Smoked Turkey. The product is all natural. The turkeys contain no artificial ingredients and are only minimally processed. Each turkey is 12 to 14 lbs. before smoking, after frying weight varies, each turkey serves 10. Each turkey is sold smoked and it must be defrosted and are not fully cooked, they each require heating until the internal temperature reaches 160 F or higher. Manufactured in a facility that processes with refined peanut oil but not on the same equipment. This item is sold in a special bag which allows the skin to re-crisp when reheating and keeps the turkey juicy and moist. Turkeys are in transit overnight. Reheating instructions are provided.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.050873
Retrieved Text: When Thanksgiving gets a little closer, you may start pondering changing up your traditional turkey for a deep fried one. There are a lot of deep fried turkey recipes around the web, which reflect the popularity of this particular culinary approach to the ever-delicious turkey. Of course, what recipe you choose depends heavily on taste preferences. No matter what, however, there are some things you should know about deep frying turkey before you begin.
The good part about deep frying a turkey is that it's very fast and very flavorful. If you happen to be a fan of crunchy skin – be ready to fight over every inch. Overall, deep frying makes for a tender, juicy turkey.
On the down side if you're on a diet, deep fried turkey recipes will not help much (mind you, I think holidays should be a time to give your diet a break!). Your turkey may taste oily if it's not drained completely. Also improper use of a turkey deep fryer can be very dangerous.
Dry Rub, Injection or Both?
Some people swear by dry rubs as the key to their succulent deep fried turkey recipes, others prefer injecting marinade into the meat, while a third group says, "hey go for the gusto – do both!" I confess I'm in this group, being a big flavor junkie.
Having said that, a rub is a much safer route when deep frying your bird. Why? Because with an injection, you have to be certain to get the marinade into the meat, NOT under the skin. Any marinade

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.8984
Retrieved Text: The risk of home fires on Thanksgiving are three times that of an average day. The main cause of cooking fires is leaving the kitchen unattended, which is easily preventible.
If you’re putting together a holiday feast this Thanksgiving, be forewarned: Cooking caused half of residential building fires in 2015, according to the U.S. Fire Administration, and more home fires occur on Thanksgiving than any other day of the year.
It’s not just turkey-fryer explosions, either. The sheer number of cooks hitting the kitchen on Thanksgiving results in a national home fire risk three times that of an average day.
Luckily, the No. 1 cause of cooking fires is leaving the kitchen unattended, which is easily preventable. A few key safety steps can keep you, your home and your loved ones safe.
Avoid an overcooked meal (or worse) by having someone on cooking duty at all times. If you have to leave, turn off cooking equipment first.
Smother grease fires with a metal lid or baking soda — never use water. Make sure to turn off the heat first.
Everyone loves hanging out in the kitchen — which can lead to bumps, spills and other injuries, especially when kids are involved. To minimize accidents and divert traffic, put snacks, games and toys in another room.
If you are sleepy or have consumed too much alcohol, step away from cooking and designate a “driver” to take the lead.
Move the fryer away from your home: Your fryer should be set up on a stable, non-combustible surface that’s at least 10 feet away from your home.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.353325
Retrieved Text: It’s easy to pick peanut oil as your deep fryer oil when you’re going with turkey. It’s free of cholesterol. It has a high flash point, so it’s less likely to catch on fire.
It also has a high smoke point for great flavor and for multiple uses (which is great if you’re deep frying a lot of turkeys for a party).
But there’s no one-size-fits-all rule on deciding on how long to heat peanut oil in turkey fryer pots. It all depends on the size of the turkey, and you need to make sure you have enough oil.
To find out how much oil you need, start by putting in your uncooked turkey into the fryer pot.
Put in some water to cover the turkey completely, and then mark the water line once you take out the turkey. Then take the water out, and put in the oil at the same level as the previous water level.
The general rule for deep frying whole turkey is that you need 3 minutes per pound and then you have to add 5 minutes. So a 14-pound turkey will need 42 minutes plus 5 minutes extension, ending up with 47 minutes total.
Large turkeys are more difficult to deep fry, since it’s possible to have a burned turkey on the outside and undercooked turkey on the inside.
If you have a large turkey, it’s better if you cut them into smaller pieces and you fry them separately.
Here’s how much oil you need and how long your turkey needs to fry in hot oil depending on

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.339783
Retrieved Text: www.bootifulturkey.com - Deep Frying Turkey In Electric Fryer. All turkeys are not created equal. Figuring out the kind of turkey you would like before you go out to get it is likely to produce the trip easier and a ton less timeconsuming. If it regards buying a turkey, there are many choices that you can create.
Purchasing a great turkey, instead of a chicken breastfeeding, is a intelligent decision. Turkey breast costs more per pound than whole seafood will. A whole turkey additionally means that you'll be able to prepare some terrific meals that is only able to be be prepared employing the leftovers from a whole turkey.
Turkey can be a safe sanctuary for ex pats. Every year finds a new influx of expats to Turkey, old and young, adventurous and homely, 1000s of expats are flocking to live in Turkey annually since Turkey climbs in a manicured destination for international nationals looking to stay a life of adventures.
Turkeys call for most of their care and care throughout the first couple months. After that period they get significantly less difficult to care for. Turkeys are friendly and curious by nature. You'll find more than a few motives to improve turkeys.
If you are bored of cooking salmon precisely exactly the same manner each holiday, below are a few alternative seafood recipes you might want to think about. They truly are sure to delight and surprise your family members and visitors. This is associated to Deep Frying Turkey In Electric Fryer.
Turkeys are large, arctic birds, indigenous to the united

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.892956
Retrieved Text: How to Defrost a Turkey: Fast, Slow, Microwave, and Cook Safely From Frozen?
Thawing a turkey, or defrosting a turkey is actually not necessary - see how to roast a turkey without defrosting below.
But turkeys are usually defrosted before they are cooked to allow giblets to be easily removed, to allow flavors and other preparations such as stuffing to be completed, and to reduce the cooking time.
A turkey is usually sold "ready to cook." No butchering and little if any feather removal is necessary. But because the standard is to deliver at least a "chilled," if not a "frozen" product, you will probably want to follow the traditional procedure of defrosting.
Turkeys may also be sold as "hard chilled", or "refrigerated", which means that these birds are between 0 degrees F and 25 degrees F ( - 17.8 to - 3.9 degrees celsius).
Turkeys labeled "fresh" by definition can never have been chilled below 26 degrees F ( - 3.3 degrees celsius). As you can see, although they don't meet the US government definition of "frozen", they are still pretty cold birds.
When thawing a "fresh" turkey it won't take as long to defrost it as a solidly frozen bird, and it may be ready to prepair for roasting without defrosting. But some "fresh" turkeys can slow you down a bit if you are in a hurry.
If you are planning ahead, and you are getting a frozen turkey you might want to ask your butcher or grocer if they will defrost it for you. Once you have this bird at

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.783245
Retrieved Text: Dry turkey is a Thanksgiving nightmare. We’ve all been there — at the table slathering the Thanksgiving turkey with gravy to keep it from sticking to the roof of our mouths! There’s no faster way to ruin a dinner!
Thanksgiving is a time to demonstrate your culinary prowess, but sometimes the centerpiece of the table falls short.
The sides should never outshine the star of the day — the turkey.
Making the sacred Thanksgiving bird is no easy task. Cooking a turkey is often anxiety-inducing and laborious, not to mention all the premium space the turkey hogs in the oven.
To maximize oven space, many Thanksgiving chefs opt to use a turkey roaster. But nothing compares to the golden-brown crispiness of a fried turkey. If you’ve never fried a turkey before, you’re in for a delicious surprise! Keep on reading for all the tips and tricks to deep fry your Thanksgiving turkey to perfection.
In recent years, turkey frying has become a Thanksgiving tradition for families around the country. It only takes one taste to see how this Southern-tradition came to captivate people around all over the country.
The traditional Thanksgiving turkey is slow roasted for hours, after a pain-painstaking preparation process.
Then once it’s in the oven, you have to baste the turkey generously to prevent it from drying out.
It’s frustrating that hours and hours of work can still leave you with an awfully dry bird and sporting slimy skin.
Tabletop turkey roasters aren’t much better than the oven and sometimes can leave the skin much drier and slimy.
Fried turkey is easier to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.84856
Retrieved Text: Do you want to make some seriously delicious deep fried turkey this next holiday feast? Then you’re certainly in the right place. Keep on reading for our top recipes for fried turkey rub, including our favourites from Paula Deen and Martha Stewart.
Easter and Thanksgiving…is it time yet?
If you’re looking to kick your deep-fried turkey deliciousness into high gear, then you’ll need to use one of these top rub recipes. Unlike cooking a turkey in an oven, when you deep fry turkey, you’ve only got one chance! You need to get those flavours sealed in at the start.
Keep on reading for our top 10 best turkey rub recipes. And, if you’re just getting started with turkey deep frying, then you’ll need to check out this article: How to Deep Fry a Turkey. We give you all the basic information you need to do it deliciously, and more importantly, safely.
Paula Deen and fried turkey? Yes please!
Paula Deen is basically the queen of all things deep fried delicious. Trust us on this one. If you’re looking for some solid advice on frying just about anything, Paula Deen should be your first choice.
This dry rub for fried turkey will not disappoint! Check it out for yourself and your guests will be raving. The flavor is just so good. Pair with a big glass of red or white wine, okay?
Perhaps the best thing though? You can save yourself a ton of money by making your own simple recipes.
Next up on our list is the one from Martha Stewart. She definitely knows

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.586685
Retrieved Text: Join the legion of cooks who have been disappointed at their first attempts at deep fried recipes, or have given up hope of producing that crisp, juicy (and, if done right, non-greasy) taste of deep friend goodness.
But if you really want to learn how to deep fry, fear not.
With a little practice, a good recipe and the right equipment, you'll soon be deep frying with the best of 'em, and proudly serving up succulent fried chicken, fish, shrimp, or even that big deep fried turkey for Thanksgiving day.
To get up to speed on deep frying, first begin by avoiding a few common mistakes that beginners make. First, invest in a good electric fryer or extra deep skillet. Save your frying pan to make fried eggs.
You want a skillet or pot that will hold enough oil to cover the food to fry it completely and evenly. More importantly, the proper amount of oil will also guarantee that it will stay hot when you begin to add your battered or breaded ingredients.
Another secret to deep frying success? Use a frying thermometer. Without it, you may end up with a greasy coating and under cooked meat.
If your oil is too hot either smoke or fire - the common cause of frying disasters - may result in burnt food, scald burns, or worse.
For this reason, it's always best to have a fire extinguisher nearby when you deep fry to ward off any possible disasters.
In a small bowl, beat eggs and buttermilk until blended. In a separate bowl, mix flour, corn

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.477097
Retrieved Text: In recent years deep-frying turkeys has become increasingly popular. The cooking method requires placing the turkey in three gallons or more of oil, heated by propane.
Before you ever get near the deep fryer, The Tempe Fire Medical Rescue Department wants you to know that, however you cook your turkey, safety starts with proper thawing. Leaving a turkey out on a counter to thaw can cause Salmonella.
The Avondale Fire Rescue Professionals warn that cooking with deep-fat turkey fryers can be very dangerous as they have a high risk of tipping over, overheating, or spilling hot oil. That could lead to fires, burns, or other injuries.
Here are 5 dangers associated with deep frying a turkey, according to the Avondale Fire Department.
Avondale Fire Rescue advises against using a turkey fryer. If you decide to do it anyway, these precautions should be followed.
For more information on Avondale Rescue Safety tips, contact Avondale Fire Rescue at 623-333-6112 or visit them online.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.228558
Retrieved Text: Frying turkeys has been a rising fad in the last few decades. Frying creates an iconic flavor and texture of juicy meat and crispy skin.
Thanksgiving day has the highest rate of house fires during the year. With these tips, your turkey fryer will give you delicious turkey with no fire.
Today, we’ll go over how to fry the best turkey in town without turning your turkey fryer into a turkey fire.
With these tips and the right accessories, you’ll make the most of your turkey frying experience. Keep reading to find out how!
Fryers cause fires because they’re full of oil that can combust or boil over onto the burner. Making smart choices with the type and amount of oil you use is the best way to stay safe.
Choose a type of oil that has a high smoke point. The smoke point is the temperature at which oil gets hot enough to smoke.
You should also consider factors like taste and fat type when choosing the best oil.
The most common choice for frying turkeys is peanut oil. It has a neutral taste and a smoke point of 450 degrees Fahrenheit.
If you’re allergic to nuts, you can also use sunflower, avocado, or cottonseed oil.
Overfilling your fryer causes the oil to boil over when you lower in the turkey. To find the right amount, grab your turkey and your pot a day or two early.
While the turkey is still wrapped in its plastic, lower it into the pot. Pour in water until it covers the turkey by a few inches.
Make sure you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.215508
Retrieved Text: If not done carefully and correctly, deep-frying a Thanksgiving turkey can be a very dangerous and possibly disastrous undertaking. Then again, anyone who has ever tasted a delicious, juicy and flavorful deep fried turkey can probably agree that it might actually be worth the risk! Fortunately, you never have to come close to setting your house on fire or blowing up your entire backyard, just for some of the best turkey of your life, if you just follow some important safety precautions. Yes, you can have your fried turkey and eat it too; and here’s how.
1. Only use your turkey fryer outside.
Never, ever use a turkey fryer indoors or in any type of enclosed space, like a garage or shed. You should keep your fryer at a safe distance from your home, patio, deck, outdoor furniture or low hanging tree branches. If it can catch fire, stay far away from it. Thanksgiving is a time for being thankful for the things that we have, not for burning them to the ground.
2. Make sure you don’t overfill the oil drum.
If you accidentally overfill your turkey fryer’s oil drum, hot oil will overflow as soon as the turkey is dropped in, causing flames to pour out over the edge. If you’ve never seen this happen before, you can consider yourself lucky and trust that it’s not something you want to experience. The easiest and most effective way to avoid this hazardous dilemma is to use the water test.
To accurately measure the proper oil level with water, all you

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.146873
Retrieved Text: A turkey-fryer can be used any time of the year. But, with holiday season being here, deep-frying a turkey is something many people want to do. But, you need the right turkey-fryer to do so. These are a few top options to consider when buying a turkey-fryer.
Oil-less at its finest. This turkey-fryer simply requires you to put the turkey in the fryer, and you’re ready to go. It can handle a turkey up to 16 pounds in weight, it cooks faster than oil cook-times, and you can coat the meat with a rub prior to cooking, to really enhance the flavours.
This 32-quart fryer is ideal for larger turkeys, or deep frying in less time. It is a stainless-steel finish, so it is not going to get damaged, dirty, or too messy with various uses. It is non-reactive, so it won’t overheat, and it will cook your turkey evenly throughout in less time. It is great at conducting heat as well, so you don’t have to worry about oil or grease fires when deep-frying a turkey.
For indoor use, you can’t go wrong with this turkey-fryer. It is compact, quick, efficient, and deep fries any bird in no time. The electric fryer can hold a turkey up to 14-pounds. You can simply set the electric dial using the LED screen. It also uses about 1/3 less oil than typical fryers, so it will taste great, but won’t be overly greasy.
There are many great turkey-fryers. Regardless of size, material, finish, or features. If you would like to see some

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.0658
Retrieved Text: Our Echelon Foods branded turducken (from Teja Foods Group) is a de-boned whole turkey wrapped around moist duck and chicken breasts, and stuffed with chicken apple or italian sausage stuffing. This tasty beast serves 12-15 hungry adults and is easier to cook than a traditional turkey.
Should I buy an Echelon Foods Turducken?
Why does it cost more than a turkey?
Besides the fact that our turduckens are a delicacy and contain several yummy ingredients besides turkey, they are also solid meat and stuffing. With a 4.5kg turkey approx. 1 - 1.5kg of that will go in the garbage as bone and carcass. A 4.5kg turducken will feed many more people than a 4.5kg turkey. Consider if you were buying some good steaks for 15 adults - that would probably be about $200 - $250, or $13 - $17 per head. Serving turducken to 12 -15 adults is only about $100 - 120, or $7 - $8 per head.
Where can i buy an Echelon Foods turducken?
Our turduckens are becoming more widely available and a number of distributors carry the product. If you ask for it in advance at the meat department at your local grocery store they should be able to have one brought in for you. See our Where to Buy section for more info.
Can I make gravy with my Turducken drippings?
Usually our Italian Sausage turducken will produce more drippings than the leaner Chicken Apple, but both will produce enough for a 'base' for your favourite gravy recipe. If you need a lot of gravy you may want

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.997063
Retrieved Text: People have a tendency to try out new things and show them to their families and friends. Everyone ate deep fried foods before, but how about strange deep fried foods, odd and rather disgusting on sight? We bring you 8 best, yet oddest deep fried foods from all around the globe.
Deep fried turkey first arrived in the South, it spread across the entire nation and people apparently like it a lot. If you dislike dry meat, you should surely give it a try, it is rather simple but it is actually very tasty.
Scottish people are known for frying various foods (fruits, vegetables, meat). Deep fried Mars Bars are actually the thing in Scotland, so in case you are not planning the visit in the future, you should try making it at home.
Deep frying sweets has become a very popular thing lately, try out deep frying the Twinkies. People often visit restaurants and order these, they are tasty, but they are really unhealthy.
If you have thought this was impossible to do, you were wrong! Abel Gonzales managed and invented this meal, it is a tricky process but worth a try!
If you have thought that silkworms are only good for making silk, you were wrong! Fried silkworms are a real meal in Asia and especially Korea and China. If you ever have a chance of trying this out, eat it like a popcorn, no matter how weird that sounds.
Oreos are so popular lately that you can find them literally everywhere! Oreo cakes, homemade Oreos, Oreo creams, but deep

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.790094
Retrieved Text: So many good flavors in this Thai-Inspired Ground Turkey Stir-Fry with Basil and Peppers.
I've mentioned how I'm working to embrace ground turkey, after years of thinking it was rather bland in the flavor department. And lately I'm really loving it, especially when it's in a highly-seasoned recipe like this Thai-Inspired Ground Turkey Stir-Fry with Basil and Peppers. In this dish the oil is seasoned with onion onion and garlic, and then the cooked turkey is flavored with a stir-fry sauce that has fresh-frozen lime juice, Red Boat Fish Sauce, Sriracha Sauce, Tamari Gluten Free Soy Sauce, and just a touch of Agave Nectar. With the addition of red bell this recipe has the sour-sweet-spicy-salty-bitter flavor notes that make Thai cooking so distinctive.
If you're new to stir-frying, you might want to read the basic rules for stir-frying that I learned many years ago when I studied Chinese cooking. Once you've mastered those basic techniques, you can make an endless variety of good-tasting dishes!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.788013
Retrieved Text: Home » christmas , food , turkey frying » Did I deep-fry some turkey for Christmas?
Did I deep-fry some turkey for Christmas?
Ohhhh yeah, I deep-fried the turkey! Three of them, in fact! All on Christmas Eve. Two 12-pound full-sized birds for friends and a turkey breast for my own family gathering.
And the turkey breast: smaller but no less succulent!
And hey, look who showed up! None other than Tebow Wasmund, the popular pup (who was recently seen as Sandy the dog in a production of Annie) and his mistress Peggy! Tebow is well known around here as he is often courting admirers at iCoffee in nearby Summerfield. It's a great lil' coffee house and well worth visiting!
In case anyone is wondering, I used Lost: The Final Season as the soundtrack to which I fried this batch of turkeys to.
Incidentally, I have come up with a pretty... shall we say, "interesting?"... idea for a new turkey fryer. And there is already someone that I am conspiring with to make it into a reality. Guess that'll be a project to work on for 2011. Expect pictures and YouTube video if/when we pull it off.
And, that wraps up turkey frying for the 2010 holiday season! So help me, my hands will be smelling like garlic butter for a whole 'nother month.
Do you do anything to the turkey before frying, such as inject a marinade or other flavors? One fried turkey I had was simply injected with melted butter. Very moist and tasty!
I use a garlic butter marinade, usually found in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.62574
Retrieved Text: So I made a deal with myself this new year.
Yeah, one of those stupid new year's resolutions. I am going to post once a day.
I would like to get back into writing again. I just haven't been able to because of the shop and what not. But I think I can devote an hour a day to this.
I will even try to include photos.
So whether it be me droning on about life in general or something I've written, I will post.
So in keeping with the blogging, has any of you ever deep fried a turkey before? It's really a blast.
And seriously, how can a person not like injecting a turkey with a super long needle, rubbing it down with herbs and spices, impaling it on a skewer and then lowering it into a vat of boiling hot oil for an hour.
I find it quite therapeutic myself.
And have you ever injected a turkey before? LOL! You can watch as the whole turkey inflates. Botox for fowl.
After having done that, I named our dinner Angelina Jolie.
Well, I guess I could deep fry her...in my mind.
I might have to do something in my cannibal fic with deep frying and people we don't like. LOL!
My beta kills off people who annoy her in her noir detective series. *g* It's very therapeutic.
Every now and again, I ask people who they want me to kill in my cannibal snippets. They get a huge kick out of it. LOL! I don't know how many ex-hubbies and their girlfriends I've offed.
And then there are

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.420887
Retrieved Text: www.bootifulturkey.com - How To Make Fry Turkey. Related to How To Make Fry Turkey, When it comes to finding instructions about the best way to help make the excellent Thanksgiving turkey, suddenly everyone else you realize becomes an pro. Your neighbor, your mail carrier, your hair dresser, your car repairman (although he has never cooked a turkey in his life) and last but most certainly not least your insect management guy. Everybody has to add their 2 pennies worth about the matter.
If you're bored of cooking salmon the identical way each holiday, below are some alternative turkey recipes you might wish to think about. They truly are guaranteed to surprise and delight your family and visitors.
Why is it that the reason behind stress for so many folks? I am aware I'm not the only person who has viewed that turkey as my enemy Thanksgiving mainly because Butterball turkey comes with a hot line that gets thousands of phone calls annually from people with assorted seafood concerns.
Purists beware.You might well not like what you are just about to learn as it has to do with the conventional Thanksgiving Turkey. While oven roasting a turkey has cooked, grilling that bird results in a fish that's cooked using flavor that is enormous. Being truly a turkey Substance non-purist, I recommend smoking and then frying your bird as choices however that's an article for a later date.
Turkeys demand the majority of these care and care during the very first couple months. After this period they become much less difficult to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.394358
Retrieved Text: For best results, choose a turkey weighing less than 15 pounds (less than 6.8 kg).
If you are using a frozen turkey, be sure that the turkey is totally thawed before immersing it in the oil. If the turkey is still frozen, the oil can spill over the top and be dangerous.
First, remove turkey from wrapper. Rinse with cool water and be sure to remove giblets and neck from the cavities.
If marinating, inject or season at this point. Place turkey into another large bag, and return to the refrigerator for 4 to 24 hours.
Before cooking, ensure that the turkey is dry by patting with paper towel, both inside and out. Excess moisture on, or in, the turkey will cause the oil to splatter.
DO NOT STUFF YOUR TURKEY.
Turkey Deep-Fryers are available for purchase at barbeque and hardware stores across Canada. A large canning pot could also be used over a propane burner.
Be aware that the sides and handles of the fryers can become dangerously hot.
DEEP FRYING SHOULD ONLY BE DONE OUTDOORS AND NEVER ON WOODEN DECKS OR INSIDE A GARAGE.
Place turkey in empty deep fry vessel.
Fill vessel with water until turkey is completely submerged.
Remove turkey and completely dry all moisture off surface of turkey as described above.
Submerge a measuring stick into water to measure height of the water in the vessel. Mark the measuring stick at the watermark.
Stand measuring stick upright in empty vessel and fill vessel to marked point with vegetable oil.
Preheat oil to 400°F (204°C). The optimal temperature for deep-frying is 375°F (190.5°C); if the temperature

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.26622
Retrieved Text: Deep fried turkey has become more popular with time. This is not only because of its softness but also due to the fact that it is unbelievably delicious. Most people prefer to indulge in it during celebrations and occasions. This is not surprising as it adds to the feeling of festivity. A good turkey is equivalent to a good party. Well, at least most times.
More and more companies that offer this product are emerging. This is good for the consumer. Competition between them means the chances of getting excellent deep fried turkey are high. They have gone ahead to create websites to advertise their product. This makes work easier for the consumer in choosing the brand that he or she wants to buy from. They can also acquire much needed information from buyers who have sampled the products of different brands. This is to allow them to get the experience and make a decision on the best brand and the most loved product there is. Find a good butterball electric turkey fryer to get things started.
The methods of preparation may be similar but the ingredients used in the deep fried turkey differ. Each brand focuses on creating a unique taste. This is for the purposes of catering for a certain target market. It is also instrumental in attracting a new group of customers. By considering the customer's needs and wants in terms of deep fried turkey, they are able to create a great product. They make it a delight to all those who partake of it.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.970684
Retrieved Text: king kooker turkey fryer medium size of stylish a complete kit recipes reviews.
king kooker turkey fryer fish walmart recipes.
king kooker turkey fryer precious qt pot with strainer basket assembly instructions.
king kooker turkey fryer fryers aluminum fish frying instructions deep instruction manual with spigot.
king kooker turkey fryer fryers outdoor gourmet propane jet cooker deep cookers fry basket manual reviews.
king kooker turkey fryer medium size of stylish a complete kit plus stainless steel recipes reviews.
king kooker turkey fryer b steamer outdoor up to recipes reviews.
king kooker turkey fryer deep fryers outside cookers best outdoor ideas on instructions with sp.
king kooker turkey fryer deep with two helper handles and basket reviews assembly instruction manual.
king kooker turkey fryer quart stock pots pot deep propane kit new outdoor assembly manual.
king kooker turkey fryer portable propane gas outdoor with qt stainless steel pot replacement parts walmart.
king kooker turkey fryer cast iron dutch oven outdoor cooking kit instruction manual frying instructions.
king kooker turkey fryer walmart reviews.
king kooker turkey fryer stainless steel pots electric fryers quart package with pot instruction manual.
king kooker turkey fryer outdoor model walmart recipes.
king kooker turkey fryer fryers best outdoor review manual fish with aluminum pot and baskets propane deep walmart.
king kooker turkey fryer bayou classic 4 gallon deep stainless steel fried seasoning pack assembly directions.
king kooker turkey fryer with spigot instructions.
king kooker turkey fryer propane gas dual burner outdoor frying cart with two pans directions instructions.
king kooker turkey fryer cast iron instruction manual.
king kooker turkey fryer cast iron unique deep dutch oven instructions frying.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.93254
Retrieved Text: Home Kitchen Fryer is all about cooking in the home kitchen – the kitchen appliances needed, tips and latest cool kitchen gadgets that take the chore out of cooking.
Do you love fried food but worry about the excess oil absorbed into these delicious food during the deep frying process?
Then, you’ll certainly be interested in learning all about healthy oil less hot air fryers where deep frying at home is not one big messy affair.
Hot air frying is indeed a healthier alternative to deep frying.
So, is cooking one of your passions in life?
Whether stir frying or deep frying or perhaps looking for an electronic deep fryer or large outdoor turkey fryer – check out the detailed reviews, pros and cons and useful tips.
Drop by Home Kitchen Fryer to know more about air fryers, deep fryers, turkey fryers, oven, roaster oven, the versatile wok and lots more.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.93101
Retrieved Text: In recent years deep-frying turkeys has become increasingly popular. The cooking method requires placing the turkey in three gallons or more of oil, heated by propane. The Fitchburg Fire Department warns that cooking with deep-fat turkey fryers can be very dangerous as they have a high risk of tipping over, overheating, or spilling hot oil. That could lead to fires, burns, or other injuries.
A small amount of cooking oil coming into contact with the burner can cause a large fire.
Without thermostat controls, deep fryers have the potential to overheat the oil to the point of combustion.
The sides of the cooking pot, lid and pot handles can get dangerously hot, creating severe burn hazards.
Fryers should always be used outdoors, on a solid level surface a safe distance from buildings and flammable materials.
Never let children or pets near the fryer when in use or after use as the oil can remain hot for hours.
Make sure the turkey is completely thawed before it is placed in a fryer.
Keep all-purpose fire extinguishers nearby.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.694658
Retrieved Text: After measuring the amount of oil needed for the deep-fryer, dry the turkey well, inside and out, before proceeding.
Mix the smoked paprika, salt, garlic powder, black pepper, onion powder, cayenne pepper, and thyme together in a bowl. Sprinkle the spice rub inside the cavity of the turkey and on the skin. Separate the skin from the breast meat and massage the rub onto the meat with your hands. Put the turkey on a large sheet tray and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight or up to 24 hours.
Fill the electric deep-fryer with peanut oil and preheat to 400 degrees F, (it will take about 1 hour for the oil to come to temperature).
Remove the turkey from the refrigerator and let it come to room temperature.
Once the oil is hot and the turkey is at room temperature, very carefully lower the turkey into the hot oil. Make sure the oil maintains its temperature while frying. Fry the turkey until the skin is dark golden brown and crisp, or until the internal temperature of the breast reaches 155 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, roughly 45 minutes. Carefully remove the turkey from the oil and let it rest and drain on a wire rack, about 30 minutes. The internal temperature will rise to 165 degrees F while resting.
Transfer the turkey to a serving platter and serve.
To measure the amount of oil needed to fry the turkey, put the turkey in the fryer, add water to top of turkey, and mark the water line with a crayon or marker.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.681519
Retrieved Text: "Tiny Houses, Tiny Trees" came together at last this afternoon. The week before Thanksgiving brings so much extra work and preparation, so this project feels like it's taken forever. It actually hasn't been a week, though. I think I was so anxious to get the piecing done because I'm really looking forward to the next part. Bring on the bling!
Two books that have been on my shelf for several months are both by Aimee Ray. I haven't done much in the way of embroidery, but I started this project with the intention to embellish it. I think embroidery will enhance this project.
Here are another two loaded with ideas.
I made this block while working on the project, but the trees wound up too close together. It's okay. I learned how 'not to do it', and now I have a piece to practice some techniques on before starting with the actual project.
The wine is chilled and the turkey defrosted. The cranberry sauce and sweet potatoes were cooked today. Tomorrow after the rest is prepped, and while the turkey bakes, I'll be stitching away. My mom will call to ask how the meal prep is going, and once again tell me I should be watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. I'll just smile.
May you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving Day wherever you land, and be careful in your travels. And remember, be kind to each other.
Doxie Girls, let's head to bed.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.431864
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 08:54:59 am at 04/26/2019 08:54:59 am in Stainless Steel Turkey Fryer Pots.
stainless steel turkey fryer pots chard edf 15 electric turkey fryer 16 quart black qt stainless steel pots tradingwhizinfo qt stainless steel pots get quotations a concord polished stainless steel stock pot brewing beer.
bayou classic turkey fryer pots bayou classic depot king kooker stainless steel turkey frying kit, amazoncom deep fryer grand gobbler turkey kit for oversized deep fryer quotgrand gobblerquot turkey kit for oversized birds lbs,amazoncom bayou classic quart stainless steel turkey bayou classic quart stainless steel turkey fryer, joyous ccabee cd d aa ceee to artistic turkey mediumsize of prissy bayou classic heat stainless steel turkey fryer kit bayou classic heat , stainless steel turkey frier crnaaorg gorgeous stainless steel turkey frier b stainless steel turkey fryer pot this backyard pro qt is, stainless steel turkey fryer pot precious amazon bayou classic stainless steel turkey fryer pot simple outdoor burner for crawfish , quart stainless steel pots this backyard pro qt stainless steel quart stainless steel pots king kooker quart turkey fryer package with stainless steel pot , automatic electric turkey deep fryer with timer for sale basket king deep fryer quart stainless steel turkey skewer pot with basket lid for frying , stainless steel deep fryer pot bayou classic quart outdoor propane stainless steel turkey fryer pots pot with strainer basket deep quart p , deep turkey fryer qt stainless steel pot kit basket propane turkey fryer kit propane gas outdoor qtaluminum pot lid steel deep frying, .

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.428741
Retrieved Text: In the Turkey Cooking Guide we show you step-by-step instructions on how to cook turkey using many different cooking methods. From traditional roasting turkey to deep fat frying turkey, we have it all. The Turkey Cooking Guide also provides detailed instructions on how to carve a turkey.
"This turkey cooking guide has a ton of information on how to cook turkey. I would have never considered some of these cooking methods without running across this guide. We love turkey so we are definitely going to try some of these out."

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.335411
Retrieved Text: Deciding how to cook a turkey can be difficult, especially with all the options that are available. Here you will find a listing of different ways to enjoy cooking a turkey.
The optimum cooking temperature for deep-frying the turkey is 350ºF. When the turkey is placed into the hot oil, the temperature will drop rapidly; therefore, it is important to preheat the oil to 375°F so that less time is required to restore the oil to the proper cooking temperature.
When the temperature of the oil has returned to a range of 325° to 350°F, the cooking process should be timed. The cooking time is figured as 3 minutes per pound plus 5 minutes. Be sure to monitor the temperature of the oil throughout the cooking process, increasing or decreasing the heat when necessary.
It is important that the temperature of the oil remains near 350ºF for proper cooking. Do not allow the temperature to drop below 325ºF because if the oil is cooler than this, the turkey will not cook properly and it may soak up too much oil. If the temperature of the oil is excessively high, the exterior of the turkey will burn before the interior is cooked thoroughly. Keep in mind that many oils have a flash point of 425°F, which if reached, increases the risk of fire.
When the turkey is fully cooked, it will float and the exterior will be nicely browned.
While wearing long oven mitts, attach the lifting hook to the basket handle or the loop on the turkey stand, and slowly lift

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.332268
Retrieved Text: Thanksgiving in the United States is the day when you roast a turkey and have your friends coming over. Here is a gadget that will save you hovering around the turkey for hours pouring it with fat. Now you need much less time and effort to get a juicy crispy bird.
It will take about an hour to roast a 5 kg bird in the new deep-frying machine. It has an automatic temperature control, a lid with a window, and an inbuilt timer. You will need three times less oil than in a common deep-frying machine.
You can use it to roast chickens, fish, donuts, and potato too. You can find it on the amazon.com, price $ 109.

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How do you remove gum from being stuck in hair?

Choice 1: Apply an ice cube and gently remove the hardened gum.

Choice 2: Use a blow dryer and gently remove melted gum.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.70894
Retrieved Text: Eating chewing gum has its own set of benefits. Chewing gum can act as an appetite suppressant as it quenches your urge to have food. Besides, it also aids in digestion since the saliva that is produced by chewing a gum helps maintain the acid levels in stomach. Having chewing gum after meals also prevents decaying of teeth. Chewing gums are also known to enhance alertness in a person’s body and simultaneously lessen anxiety and stress levels.
But, what if chewing gum becomes problematic for you? If chewing gum gets stuck in your hair or clothes, it can be really exasperating for you to remove it. But, you need not worry as you can get rid of it by using the below given simple home remedies.
It is one of the easiest and quickest ways to get rid of chewing gum stuck in hair. Simply wrap an ice cube in a cloth and place it on your hair. As the chewing gum gets cold, try to remove it with your hand because it is quite easy to remove cold chewing gum. This remedy can also be used to remove gum stuck on shoes, clothes and carpets.
Besides, you can also use peanut butter to get rid of chewing gum in your hair. Apply some peanut butter on your hair and rinse them thoroughly under the tap water to get the desired results.
You can use any cooking oil (soybean, canola, peanut oil, mustard, etc.) to remove chewing gum. All you need to do is rub the oil on gum. Try

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.367798
Retrieved Text: Chewing gum belongs either in your mouth as you chew it or in the garbage to discard it. Finding chewing gum anywhere else is not an optimal situation. If you find dried chewing gum stuck in a place it does not belong, you must remove it promptly. Remove dried chewing gum from surfaces successfully with a variety of techniques. Don't let chewing gum mar surfaces when you can remove it instead.
Remove dried chewing gum using a variety of techniques.
Apply a generous glob of peanut butter to dried chewing gum that is in hair or on a hard household surface. Cover the surface of the gum completely with peanut butter. Work the oils of the peanut butter into the gum to loosen the attachment of the gum. Continue working at the gum as it softens and pull the gum from the surface. Wipe the surface with a soapy cloth, if appropriate for the surface, and rinse it thoroughly with plain water.
Spread raw egg white over the surface of dried chewing gum. Egg white is effective for removing chewing gum stuck in hair and on a multitude of hard, household surfaces. Leave the egg white on the surface of the gum for up to 10 minutes and then begin to work at the gum with your fingers to loosen it from the surface. Continue to loosen the gum, working the egg white into the gum, until you successfully remove all traces of the gum from the surface.
Place an article of clothing or a small item into the freezer

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.66236
Retrieved Text: What is bubble gum made of?
Is there such a thing as non-stick gum?
Today’s Wonder of the Day was inspired by Mahmoud. Mahmoud Wonders, “Why is bubblegum sticky ” Thanks for WONDERing with us, Mahmoud!
Today's Wonder of the Day features a substance that's both chewy and sweet. Most kids consider it to be a real treat. Whatever you do, though, don't swallow it! It's not something you eat. What are we talking about? Bubble gum, of course!
If you're a fan of bubble gum, you know how much fun it can be to chew. Sooner or later, though, the fun comes to an end as the gum slowly loses its flavor. What do you do then? We hope you spit it out into the trash. Unfortunately, many pieces of bubble gum end up on sidewalks or stuck to the bottom of school desks.
Have you ever accidentally stepped in bubble gum on the sidewalk? If so, you know what a sticky situation that turns out to be. As you try to rub the gum off your shoe, it stretches and sticks to your hands and new places on your shoe. Even using cleaners doesn't seem to help remove the sticky residue, which can stick around for several days.
Exactly what makes bubble gum so sticky? Let's take a look at the science behind the materials that go into bubble gum.
Each type of bubble gum has its own unique formulation. However, there are common types of ingredients found in all types of bubble gum. For example, the sweet taste usually comes

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.25721
Retrieved Text: Discover how you can benefit from some alternative uses for ice cubes.
In addition to chilling or decorating your drinks when it’s cold out, ice cubes have many other uses that will be super helpful once you discover them.
Keep reading to find out so that you can enjoy them all!
What Can You Use Ice Cubes For?
If you’ve ever sat on gum, if you’ve gotten gum stuck in your hair, or if it’s fallen on your rug or carpet, don’t worry because ice cubes can help you!
All you have to do is rub it with ice until the gum gets hard from the frozen ice.
Then with the help of a knife, scrape it carefully.
The chewing gum will quickly come off. If it’s stuck on too well, you can put the article of clothing in the freezer for a few minutes and try again.
If the gum is stuck in your hair, you can use a similar technique. Circle the gum with an ice cube and apply light pressure so the gum freezes and stop being sticky. Then you’ll have to take it off, little by little.
If you have hanging plants or you’re going away for the weekend, you won’t have a problem watering them. You can leave a few ice cubes in the plants. They will melt little by little and hydrate the soil.
Your face doesn’t just need hydration when it’s hot out or you’ve spent some time in the sun. If you feel bloated or red, ice cubes can be a huge help to you.
Before going to bed,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.806412
Retrieved Text: Are anda chewing gum right now?
If anda had to chew a certain type of chewing gum for the REST OF YOUR LIFE, which flavor would anda choose?
What do anda prefer to call it?
Have anda ever been caught chewing in class?
Do anda like Hubba Bubba ?
do anda chew gum in school?
how many different types of gum have anda chewed?
have anda ever had so much gum in your mouth that anda chocked on it?
pilihan peminat: No, it rocks!
Which type of gum is your favorite?
Have anda Ever Had Gum Stuck In Your Hair?
Why do anda chew gum?
Gumball atau Stick of Gum?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.434513
Retrieved Text: We've all been there--you were sprinting to catch the train home, made it (yay!) and sat down in the first seat you saw (without looking to see what might already be occupying that seat). When you got home you realized with horror that your entire rear of your favorite pants was covered in gum. Before you panic, take a breath--wikiHow is here to help! Here are some quick fixes that will take roughly five minutes and leave you happily gum-free.
Remove the article of clothing and fold it. You will want to fold it so that the contaminated part is facing out, not touching any other part of the fabric. Try to peel off as much of the gum as you can with your fingers. You want to be careful not to smear the gum further into the fabric, and also careful that you do not accidentally stick it to other parts of the fabric.
You could consider wearing rubber gloves during this process so that you do not have to deal with the stickiness of the gum. However, do not delay putting the garment in the freezer simply because you are looking for rubber gloves.
Put your garment into a plastic bag. It should be a bag that you can seal. When you put your article of clothing into the bag, make sure that the gum does not touch the bag and then smear (thus contaminating the rest of the garment).
The plastic bag can be any size that you want--it doesn’t have to fit into a particular bag,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.13293
Retrieved Text: How do you remove gunk from your chocolate machine, clean your stainless steel appliances and get gum out of your hair? See below. From the expert, to me, to you.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.99333
Retrieved Text: Coca Cola has proved to be very efficient in household chores. Here is a list of 19 practical uses of this popular soft drink.
1. Coca Cola removes grease stains from clothes and other textiles.
2. Coca Cola eliminates rust spots; dip a piece of cloth in Coke or use a sponge or tin foil to remove rust.
3. It eliminates blood stains from clothes and other textiles.
4. It cleans off oil stains from car surfaces.
5. It cleans off burned food from stoves; soak the burned parts in Coke first.
6. Coca Cola removes coffee and tea stains off mugs.
7. It cleans car batteries. All you need is a small quantity of Coke.
8. A well known fact among Coke distributors, this drink also cleans car engines.
9. You can clean antique objects with a little Coke. Old coins will shine like new.
10. It cleans ceramic surfaces very well. Pour some Coke over the stained surface, let it work for a few minutes, and then wash it off.
11. It helps removing chewing gum stuck in hair. Soak hair in a cup of Coke, let it work for a few minutes, and then watch the gum melt.
12. Coca cola removes stains off Chinese glass.
13. You can clean your swimming pool with this drink. Two liters of Coke are sufficient to clean a whole pool.
14. You can remove or subdue the color of dyed hair using Cola Zero.
15. You can remove marker stains from carpets and rugs. Apply some Coke, and then rub the carpet or rug with a cloth dipped in soapy water.
16.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.88325
Retrieved Text: Hair gel is a styling product that acts like hair spray, which makes your hair stay in place throughout the day, but instead of being a pure liquid hair gel is a molasses like substance. I chose to do my project on hair gel because it was the first thing that came to my mind. I also decided to pick hair gel due to the fact that i use hair gel regularly and on the day of the project I had hair... Hello my beautifoodies friends, this beauty tip is especially for those of you whom love & use aloe vera gel everyday�because making aloe vera gel at home will help you save lots of money while being fully aware of what your aloe vera gel contains.
First add the preservative to water and mix thoroughly. Add in the xanthan gum slowly, with lots of stirring or agitation, into cold or heated deionized water until the solution is clear and begins to thicken.... First add the preservative to water and mix thoroughly. Add in the xanthan gum slowly, with lots of stirring or agitation, into cold or heated deionized water until the solution is clear and begins to thicken.
To make this homemade hair gel, first heat a cup of water in a small pot. Just before the water comes to a boil, remove the pot from heat. Then, add aloe vera gel and unflavored gelatin to the warm water. If you want to use essential oil for fragrance, you can also add few drops of it. Then,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.670935
Retrieved Text: Cola drinks are popular beverage all over the world. Cola which are universally consumed as soft drink or soda can do a lot more than just a typical beverage. This carbonated drink can surprisingly comes to your aid in solving many house hold issues like removing stains, cleaning things and removing rust.
When gum gets stuck on your shoe, it often becomes difficult to take it out. Here is an easy solution for this. Leave few drops of coke on the gum, wait for a minute and then clear it of with a knife. It will come out easily. Use the same technique, if gum has stuck on your clothes or hair.
You can use cola for marinating fish, chicken or meat. It can be used in different baked dishes as well.
Cola can be an excellent rust buster. Soak the rusted item overnight in coke and scrub off in the morning. By breaking down the rust particle, it will restore its shine after cleaning.
Clean the tough buildup from your car windows with the help of coke. Pour some coke on a wash cloth and rub the windows gently. Wipe off with a damp cloth or windshield wipers. Similarly you can clean all the window glass of your home. The citric acid contained in coke clears all the dirt and stains and makes your windows shine. It will clean your windows like any commercial chemical based cleaners.
To neutralize pain from bee sting, jellyfish or bug bites pour coca cola on the affected spot to get relief.
A black film sticks

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.48224
Retrieved Text: If you’ve got carpets as most of our homes do, then we bet you’re struggling with its maintenance and upkeep even if you don’t realize it. Carpets are bulky, grab and hold all kinds of dust, grime and dirt, are a pain to clean and cannot be lugged around that easily. While traditional cleaning methods are all we know about, there are a few clever hacks that can reduce the cleaning work by half. Read on to find out how we can get rid of different things that get stuck on carpet.
No matter how hard or long you’ve moved the vacuum over carpets, some things just won’t come out. One of them is hair – pet and human. Vacuuming cannot pull out fine hair or fibres. What works is a lint roller rolled over carpets, the kind used on clothes.
Dark carpets look dirt-free. Its when lighter carpets in white, beige or pastel are laid out, that dirt gets noticed. Often foot traffic causes this, but so can small accidents. Shaving cream is a surprising cleaner for dirt stains. Rub it gently into the stain, let it sit and then wash it away. Shaving cream also makes carpets look fluffier.
Oil is sticky, spreads fast and attracts more dirt. Instead of washing the entire carpet with soap, pour some baking soda on the spot of oil and leave till it forms a thick crust. When dry, it can be vacuumed off. Any remaining stain can be removed with stain remover.
Dogs love carpets and mess them up sometimes. Getting

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.142035
Retrieved Text: Gum is pleasant to chew but annoying to be heard chewed and even more so annoying if stuck onto your clothing. If it's your favourite jeans or shirt or any other apparel, don't panic yet. It can be taken out easily if you keep your cool.
One of the traditional tips is to apply ice to the gum until it is frozen, about 10 to 15 minutes. Once frozen, remove gum with a knife. It is preferable to use a dull knife like a butter knife so the garment isn't accidentally cut.
Some recommend that people remove gum by freezing the whole garment for about an hour. This will accomplish the same effect as applying ice to the gum. However, it is a bit more time consuming. Again, once the garment has been frozen, remove gum with a dull knife, or pick the gum off manually.
Some people recommend placing peanut butter on the garment prior to freezing it, because it does tend to adhere to the gum and make it easier to remove gum. The problem with this method may be that the garment ends up significantly stained. If the garment requires delicate handling, it may be stained beyond all hope of recovery due to the oils in peanut butter.
It can be a tricky process to remove gum from clothing, and there are many tips to do so. A lot depends upon the nature of the clothing. A knife shouldn't be taken to a delicate silk blouse, but it might work to remove gum from jeans.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.125332
Retrieved Text: 3 easy strategies to take out gum from the carpeting applying common household items, Have it out with ice, a hair clothes dryer, or WD-40 without harming your floor covering. sponge/foam rollers, regarding 1″ in size to get the length of the hair… you may use cloth rollers, perm fishing rods, cushion rollers, bendy stay rollers or any type of additional type Happen to be you hooked on Nicorette pure nicotine gum, Make lozenges or perhaps e-cigarettes? Will you be experiencing baldness, tooth harm or reduction, high bloodstream pressure or other part Is presently there a remedy pertaining to gingivitis? Certainly! Continue reading. Just how long kind of effort does it take to obtain rid of gingivitis? In the event that you clean your tooth each day because I explain in this kind of Which means you require to cleansing THC and find out how to get disregard of your program quickly? After that, you have without doubt arrive towards the correct place. Whether your factors are moving a Gum. Unfortunately, among the hazards of chewing gum is the fact this can very easily get caught to home carpets. It could truly have adhered to the rugs via a kid.
Tips on how to Take away Chewing gum by Clothing. Yuck, you have to chew gum throughout the clothes! You have picked away as very much as you are able to, but that dreaded chewing gum is still present there. twenty-six Points To Choose a Hair Seem like You Walked Out Of the Damn Business Hair face

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.066767
Retrieved Text: Gum disease is not a pleasant experience. Inflammation, bleeding gums, loose and lost teeth and pain are just a few of the problems associated with gum disease. It is not something that people want, but that does not mean they always do what they need to prevent it.
The best defense against gum disease is good oral hygiene habits. That includes brushing every day, regular checkup with our dental professionals and flossing. Flossing is something that you may or may not do. If you don't floss, take time to learn the ways that flossing can prevent gum disease.
Some people think that if they brush their teeth after every meal and go the dentist for professional cleanings every six months, there is no need to hassle with flossing. They do not understand what flossing does.
Your teeth have gaps and space between them. There may also be gaps between the teeth and gums. The gaps give a place for food particles and other things to become trapped. This can lead to the growth of bacteria. The best way to reach the particles of food and other things that gets in between the teeth is with that little piece of string called floss.
This can remove the things that are stuck and will also help remove the bacteria that grows in these spaces. These are the things that lead to tooth decay and gum disease.
• Performing it every day.
• Reaching down to the gums with the floss and taking the time to get the back and sides of all the teeth

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.481606
Retrieved Text: It depends where you kiss... don't kiss any infected areas. In fact, best to avoid sexual contact entirely if there are infected areas. But best also to get your gums treated... get your teeth scaled and floss regularly. You can recover from gum disease. Bleeding gums increase your risk of contracting many kinds of STD's.
You can contract herpes by kissing.
After being tested for HPV high risk and after a colposcopy with results of (A) typical cell changes, what happens next? am I getting worse?
Can anyone clarify HPV? Are there symptoms? Does it cause complications?
I need a doctor's opinion on how to confirm if my friend has Sensorineural hearing loss.
My daughter has a large dot on her forehead from being stuck by a pencil. How can I remove this?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.312382
Retrieved Text: Walking through the home improvement store this morning, my son and I passed two ladies discussing what flowers one of them should plant in her flower bed. When the first lady had made her choice, the second lady commented, "Whatever Blows Your Bubble."
My son laughed. I was inspired.
Frequently I have heard, "Whatever floats your boat," or, "Whatever suits your fancy," but I don't remember ever hearing, "Whatever Blows Your Bubble."
It was a gorgeous spring day. I had the privilege of having a "Mommy Day" with my six year old and I accomplished a great many things on my to-do list. My happiness bubble was feeling quite full.
When I was five, I remember learning how to blow a bubble and how the excitement grew as the bubbles got bigger. (I also remember peeling bubble gum out of my hair, but that is for another post.) Blowing bubbles was one of those things the "big kids" did, and, when I could finally blow a bubble, I felt like I was something special.
Today, I watch my children blow their own bubble gum bubbles and marvel at their father's bubble blowing ability. The simple pleasure of the bubble blowing (and popping) creates one of life's effortless joys.
What is it that "blows your bubble"? What is it that "floats your boat"? What is it that "suits your fancy"?
I encourage you to bring on some simple pleasure today. Blow bubble gum or soap bubbles for fun. Take a walk. Make rice krispie treats. Sing a song. Do something that you haven't done

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.22566
Retrieved Text: Chewing gum can create a sticky mess on tables or in carpets! These tips will help you remove chewing gum from household surfaces.
Freeze it off! Place an ice cube in a resealable plastic bag on top of the chewing gum.
Be gentle – tugging or scraping with a sharp object could damage the surface.
Remove leftover stains with a mixture of warm water and a soap or liquid laundry detergent.
For leftover stains on walls in particular, you can use a pencil eraser.
As you’ve probably noticed, chewing gum tends to find its way anywhere you don’t want it to be: walls, floors, windows, doors – even the TV. While these unpleasant messes are often at least partly down to kids forgetting how to dispose of gum correctly, the unfortunate truth is that the stuff is just so sticky that it will attach itself to anything and everything. If you’re struggling with chewing gum removal, or even getting rid of residual chewing gum stains, the answer to your problem may be simpler than you think: here’s what you need to know about removing chewing gum from carpets, other surfaces, and furniture!
Removing chewing gum from clothing is relatively easy – once you’ve got the gum off, any residual stains can easily be removed in the washing machine using a good detergent. However, for fabrics that you can’t pop in the machine, such as carpets, chewing gum removal can be a bit of a nightmare. There is a knack to removing chewing gum from carpets, however – here’s a simple method you

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.184713
Retrieved Text: Sooner or later, you might find yourself wondering how to clean gum from your carpet will arise. This doesn’t mean there is no solution because there is one and it does not entail having to tear up the old and put down the new.
If you are attempting to get gum out of your carpets, there is a way. Your carpet might need deep cleaning which involves some elbow grease, but there should be no further damage once you are done. Do not use peanut butter. If you do, your carpet will be covered in gum and peanut butter. The peanut butter method is an old wives tale. If you’ve previously tried to clean it with peanut butter, you’ll need to call an expert cleaning team or professional deep cleaning company to remove that combination. It will cost you, but they will use proper chemicals and equipment to remove and clean it for you.
Trying to remove the gum while it is still at room temperature is a bad idea. You will need to use either cold or heat. Rubbing the gum with ice inside a plastic bag will freeze it, allowing you to scrap it off with a credit card, spoon or spatula or . Heat can be applied with a hair dryer, but not so hot as to melt the gum fully into the carpet. Once the gum is nice and gooey, use a plastic bag or cling film to pull it off. In either case, use a product like Goo-Gone or some white vinegar to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.91394
Retrieved Text: I want to know how do you remove ink from the dryer drum? Is there a liquid or foam that I can use for removing this ink?
The Goof Off 22-oz. Heavy Duty Spot Remover and Degreaser removes stickers, residue, oil, grease, crayon, gum and more. Micro-emulsion formula leaves no oily residue and has no harsh odors.
Goof OffHeavy Duty Spot Remover & Degreaser works like magic to quickly remove difficult mistakes, spots and messes that ordinary household cleaners can't. It works the first time, thanks to its powerful, micro-emulsion formula that penetrates deep into spots, stains, spills and greasy messes to make tough cleaning easy.
GREAT FOR: Grease & Grime, Sticker & Adhesive Residue, Asphalt & Tar, Stains, Crayon, Pen & Marker, Gum, Caulk, Scuff Marks, Lipstick, Nail Polish & Makeup, Bugs & Tree Sap, Fresh Latex Paint and more!
CLOTH, CONCRETE, METAL: Apply directly. Agitate with brush. Then blot, rinse or power wash residue. Repeat if necessary.
Try spraying hair spray on it and then wipe.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.899715
Retrieved Text: It is recommended that you use alcohol to remove gum from fabrics that are delicate or fragile. Apply the alcohol with a soft sponge and let it sit for few minutes. Try using a wooden spoon or even spatula to remove the gum after you apply the agents. You can soak the area with a scented fabric softener. Wash with warm soap and water, then rinse to remove the smell this agents leave behind.
When chewing gum gets stuck to cotton, it seems nearly impossible to remove. The sticky texture of the gum is what makes the removal process so difficult as it is messy and sticks tightly to the cotton.
Next, wash the fabric in the hottest water temperature recommended on the garment or equipment care label. Check the stained area before tossing the item in a clothes dryer. The high heat of the dryer can fuse the sap or pitch with the fibers and make it even more difficult to remove.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.843092
Retrieved Text: Before you get out the scissors, there are some ways you can try to remove Super Glue from hair. This is a guide about removing super glue from hair.
How do you remove crazy glue from your hair?
I tried all the conventional methods, oils, acetone, and soap and water, but WD40 worked better than all the other things. When I massaged the WD 40 into the hair it also dissolved the glue on my fingers as well.
I've gotten micro braids in my hair and the person that braided my hair put Krazy Glue in my hair! How do I get it out without an hassle?
What in the world!! I'm not sure but I know you could try Goo Gone.
Oh boy! What was the hairdresser thinking? I am not sure either, but whenever one of my now grown up children got glue in their hair, I removed it successfully using ice blocks, in other words, freezing the glue piece by piece and it easily was removed without any hassle. Not sure about crazy glue, could give it a try you may need a friend's help though, good luck.
I would try a light oil to get between the glue and the surface of the hair it touches. Soak the area in oil for an hour, then try to shampoo out the glue - yes, I'm dreaming this up, but it might work.
After over three decades in business I am sure they have come across this question before and will know how to help you. Good Luck!
Krazy glue needs to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.689283
Retrieved Text: Bubble gum seems harmless enough until you find it stuck all over your property. If if you are a business owner, you probably realize that gum is a very tricky substance to successfully remove.
When you are in a sticky situation, turn to Bubble Gum Removal to rid your commercial facility of those discarded wads of gum.
We specialize in removing bubble gum from commercial properties throughout Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland and New Jersey.
Call us today for an estimate and to schedule an appointment.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.455479
Retrieved Text: Brushing thrice each day after each meal could be the simplest and simplest way to care for your verbal health. In addition, you must employ toothbrush and toothpaste that are of good quality. Nevertheless , you need to be careful while brushing the pearly whites and avoid being way too hard as it can cause tooth abrasion and destruction. You can also how to use electric tooth brush and preset the time to two minutes for optimal cleaning. It is recommended that you replace your toothbrush at least every three months and the head of your electric-based toothbrush every two months.
Rinse your mouth thoroughly every meals and floss once daily to remove plaque and food particles that are stuck in-between your pearly whites. Also, make an work to be gentle when flossing in order to prevent any gum harm and make sure that the floss forms a ‘C’ condition while you are scrape tooth.
Remember to take care of your tongue. Regular tongue scraping can aid to remove substances that may amass on the of your tongue and cause bad breath also known to as halitosis. Tongue cleaning is an essential aspect of dental attention.
It is vital to use an anti-bacterial mouthwash two times a day to significantly reduce the amount of dental plaque bacteria, which are in charge of the build up of plaque that brings about gum disease and corrosion and also to feel that freshness throughout the day.
Eat foods that work as natural teeth whitening. Natural foods like fruits, vegetables and water are effectual

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.454227
Retrieved Text: While we all love our furry pets, we certainly don’t like the pet hair they leave all over the place. The tiny strands stick to the couch, the rug and most of all your clothing. And while a spin in your washing machine is often all that is needed to get rid of fur on the clothes, it often winds up sticking to the washer.
If you have been experiencing this problem here is how you can get rid of annoying hair once and for all.
There are many ways to do it. However, simply washing polyester and cotton fabric will remove most of it.
However, dog hair tends to just embed further when fabrics like flannel that produce static cling are washed and dried. This is why for instance; it is often extremely difficult to get rid of it from a blanket.
You can use your finger to pick off strands, but this very ineffective and often takes a lot of. Therefore, using a roller is among the best ways. You can also use a dry sponge to pick up loose hair from fabrics before washing them.
It is also advisable to thoroughly shake out all items of clothing before you wash them. Repeat this when they come out of the washer and before putting them in your dryer.
Furthermore, removing static cling will definitely help since it will help loosen it from the clothing making it easy for the dryer and washing machine remove it You can do this by using a liquid fabric softener followed by dyer sheets.
Leave the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.348661
Retrieved Text: Our Hudsonville dentists do everything in their power to save a tooth.
However, sometimes tooth extraction is necessary to protect oral health. The sooner you see our emergency dentists for tooth pain, the more likely we’ll be able to avoid dental extraction.
Otherwise, we may end up needing to do emergency tooth extraction as a last resort. How we extract your tooth will depend on whether it has erupted through the gum line. For example, you’ll need surgery for impacted wisdom teeth stuck beneath your gums. If the tooth is visible, our dentist will use a special tool called an elevator to loosen your tooth.
Next, our dentist will use forceps to remove the tooth from your mouth.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.19382
Retrieved Text: You know brushing twice a day is important. But do you floss? And, no, twice a month doesn’t count. Here’s why you shouldn’t write off this essential step.
Skipping a few days allows bacteria the perfect amount of time to solidify. Plaque starts to harden within hours of eating, and once 48 hours have passed, the cavity-causing substance will be firmly stuck to your teeth, best removed by a professional cleaning.
Your gums will stop bleeding.
Don’t want to floss because it leaves the thread bloody? Although it may seem counterintuitive, flossing actually reduces the occurrence of bleeding gums. If you remove bacteria from the gum line, your body won’t send blood cells to the area to fight the infection. Happy gums and happy you!
The rest of your body will be healthier.
Heart disease, stroke, diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis and even respiratory disease have all been linked to gum disease. By maintaining your gum health, you’ll help cut down your risk of these serious conditions – or improve your condition, if you’re already affected.
Your teeth will stay strong.
What’s worse than getting a cavity? Getting a cavity in between two teeth. Remove bacterial buildup in those hard-to-reach areas, and you’ll save yourself the pain of going under the drill.
Pregnant women have an extra reason to floss: Gum disease is linked to premature and low-weight birth.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.114763
Retrieved Text: I’ve heard in the past that there’s over 2,000 WD-40 uses. Insane, right?! I know tons of people have a can of this stuff in their garage, toolbox, or under their kitchen cabinet, but do you guys really know all of the amazing ways you can use it? Well hold on tight, because I’m about to tell you 25 Awesome WD-40 Uses!
You can remove tar, sap, and bird poop from car and truck exteriors.
Shines the leaves on your artificial plants.
Removes crayon from walls, carpet, toys, plastic, compressed wood furniture, shoes, and from your dryer (just unplug it first!).
Helps clean gunk and scuff marks off your ceramic floors.
Shine and remove fingerprints from stainless steel appliances.
Lubricates squeaky drawers, doors and small rolling toys.
Keeps garden tools rust-free plus helps clean them.
Removes ink from carpet, leather, and other fabrics.
Protects wrought iron from rust (think outdoor furniture!).
Cleans and polishes gold and brass.
Helps remove adhesive from price tags, labels, and stickers.
Protects bathroom fixtures from rust, like shower heads and faucets .
Cleans bathroom tubs and helps remove rust stains.
Lubricate your DIY tools or prevent saw blades and tools from rusting, plus loosen rusty nuts and screws.
Removes gum stuck to walls, concrete, shoes, floors and even your hair.
Coat outside pipes during winter to help recent from freezing damage or pipe bursts.
Removes wax from vinyl surfaces.
Cleans gunk from things like base of toilet bowls and tile grout.
Helps camouflage scratches in linoleum, ceramic tile and countertops.
Remove candle wax or glue from carpet (just spray and leave to dry, then rub out with a sponge).
Remove old duct

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.972775
Retrieved Text: Hi guys! Are the following sentences used correctly in this situation?
1. Excuse me! Would you mind removing your hair so that I can see my screen clearly?
2. Excuse me! Your hair is blocking my screen.
#2. The first sounds like removing the hair from the head.
Tho both are more polite than what I'd say!
4. TSA has confiscated my scissors, which is unfortunate for you, because I may have to remove your hair another way.
5. Pardon me, would you mind if I dispose of my chewing gum on the tail of your horse?
6. Excuse me. Will you remove your hair from my seating-area, or will I kick your seat from here to La Guardia?
7. Sorry, Miss, but you might want to check your wig for embedded trash.
8. Hello. I posted your hair on Facebook, and one of my friends has asked me to buy it for him. How much is it?
I am intrigued by your use of "miss". In my experience, albeit limited, a "Miss" will have very kempt hair whereas the hair in the photograph appears unkempt. This suggests, to me, a "him".
I would like to thank you all very much for the witty versions.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.961401
Retrieved Text: The cost of cleaning up London’s streets from chewing gum is estimated as being as much as £10 million every year.
The cost of removing each bit of chewing gum is between 50p-£2.
Deep cleaning the entire length of Oxford Street to remove chewing gum takes three months and during this process over 300,000 individual pieces of chewing gum are removed from the pavement.
[ Ben Wilson creates what the establishment likes to call outsider art. He creates tiny works of art by painting chewing gum stuck to the pavement. He estimates he has done over 10,000 of the little works and although they can be seen all over the United Kingdom and in Europe the vast majority are in Muswell Hill where he lives. The creative process starts with heating the gum with a blow torch, after which he uses acrylics to paint on them, finishing each one with a clear lacquer seal. The paintings can take anything from a couple of hours to three days to produce. Living and working in Muswell Hill many of his paintings reference local people and places such as the Finchley Cafe and the staff of the now defunct Woolsworths store. R.D.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.840254
Retrieved Text: Afro Wig 22 Inch Black : You have to see this one to believe it. 22 inches from side to side, curled Afro. It's BIG. A wig cap is a recommended pairing as it can control hair under wigs (especially longer hair)or spirit gum adhesive can be used to secure the wig to your head and remover used to easily remove the gum adhesive.

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: Sentence: fire

Choice 1: can melt humans 

Choice 2: can melt water 

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.082746
Retrieved Text: glass fire beads for fire pits fire glass pit diy glass fire pits luxury propane outdoor fire pit table unique fire glass fire glass pit glass vs lava rock fire pit glass vs lava rock fire pit glass rocks glass vs lava rock fire pit fire glass vs lava rock glass vs lava rock fire glass vs lava rock fire pit.
glass fire beads for fire pits fire pit glass dark amber reflective fire glass beads 34 brown royal blue luster fire glass beads fireplace fire pit beads royal blue luster.
glass fire beads for fire pits crystal orange flame eco glass beads fire glass fire pit glass beads glass beads for fire pit elegant fire pit with fire pit glass beads glass beads for fire pit elegant fire pit with table top burner cover glass fire beads fire pit glass beads near me.
glass fire beads for fire pits american fireglass fire beads fireplace glass and fire pit glass 10 pound glacier fire glass rocks fireplace glass rocks and plus fire beads fire pit fire glass rocks glass rocks for fire pit glass for fire pit fire glass rocks fire fire glass rocks fire pit.
glass fire beads for fire pits reflective fire glass orange county fire glass beads shop fire beads for fire pits fireplaces blazing glass glacier ice fire beads lb bag.
glass fire beads for fire pits 12 clear fire glass american fire all you need to know about fire glass fire glass.
glass fire beads for fire pits fire pits uk glass rocks for fireplace outdoor fire

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.058976
Retrieved Text: fire table set coffee table fire pit dining set natural gas fire table outdoor gas fire pit table garden fire table patio set.
fire table set bar height fire table set gas fire table patio sets.
fire table set wood burning fire pit table set buying guides to gas fire pit table set home decor and design ideas gas fire table sets.
fire table set home and interior enthralling fire pit table sets of chic outdoor furniture with from attractive fire table patio furniture.
fire table set 5 piece fire pit table set gas fire table and chairs.
fire table set north lake 5 piece patio fire pit conversation set with spectrum sierra cushions fire table patio set.
fire table set patio tables with fire pits patio set gas fire pit fire table chat set.
fire table set home and interior likeable patio furniture with gas fire pit of set table traditional from outdoor propane fire table sets.
fire table set fire pit table set propane patio furniture fire table dining sets.
fire table set outdoor fire pit table sets.
fire table set fire pit table sets designer tables reference propane fire pit dining table set.
fire table set patio table with fire pit is good garden table set with fire pit is good portable natural gas fire pit is good fire pit high table considering patio table gas fire table sets.
fire table set redwood valley 5 piece metal patio fire pit seating set with cushions included choose outdoor fire table sets.
fire table set medium size of coffee table fire pit fire pit dining set outdoor coffee

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.051058
Retrieved Text: az fire pits patio heaters inch propane gas fire pit hammered bronze az fire pit cover.
az fire pits fire pit with flagstone cap and flagstone facing in phoenix az patio fire pit cover.
az fire pits patio heaters fire pit with square table wood burning sale az fire pit parts.
az fire pits patio heaters f az patio fire pit cover.
az fire pits fire pits unique unique a click to enlarge image fire gallery fire fire pit fire fire pits az fire pit reviews.
az fire pits in decorative steel in bronze az fire pit reviews.
az fire pits click to enlarge image fire gallery boulder fire pit boulder fire pit boulder fire pit az patio fire pit cover.
az fire pits pretty az fire pit parts.
az fire pits details az fire pit parts.
az fire pits az patio fire pit cover.
az fire pits beautiful fireplace beautiful fireplace a click to enlarge image fire gallery classic fire pit classic fire pit classic fire pit az fire pit reviews.
az fire pits in cast aluminum round slatted fire pit az fire pit parts.
az fire pits fire pit gas front yard sac az fire pit reviews.
az fire pits az fire pit cover.
az fire pits patio fire pit glass lovely fire pits fire savage az fire pit parts.
az fire pits fire pits inspirational flagstone with pit supply tables fire pits az fire pit parts.
az fire pits fire pits propane fire pits phoenix lovely propane gas fire pits propane gas fire pit fire pits az fire pit parts.
az fire pits patio heaters square slate top wood burning

########
Rank: 3
Score: 8.050427
Retrieved Text: agio gas fire pit unique patio furniture or fire pit gas reviews international designs ideas patio recliner chairs agio gas fire pits.
agio gas fire pit picture of gas fire pit agio vienna gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit conquest fire pit agio springfield gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit new fire pit agio vienna gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit fire pit table luxury beautiful patio furniture home garden of elegant fire agio moonlight gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit gas fire pit best of amazing gallery international patio furniture new of agio tempe gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit agio aragon gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit gas fire pit table agio vienna gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit gas fire pit elegant gas fire pit fire pits by direct agio moonlight gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit interesting fire pit bar table with international fire pit bar table agio vienna gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit gas fire pits for sale outdoor fire pits patio furniture agio gas fire pit recall.
agio gas fire pit outdoor furniture pacific patio furniture x fire pit agio gas fire pit recall.
agio gas fire pit aluminum gas fire pit davenport agio tempe gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit fire pits gas fire pit agio aragon gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit gas fire pit agio gas fire pits.
agio gas fire pit fire pit inspirational gas fire pit with bronze chat base agio cirrus gas fire pit.
agio gas fire pit outdoor gas fire pit agio marietta gas fire pit with

########
Rank: 4
Score: 8.048628
Retrieved Text: diy fire pit bench simple outdoor bench by com woodworking designs outdoor wooden fire pit with fire diy bench seat for fire pit.
diy fire pit bench unique fire pit benches spectacular fire pit seating idea cozy home diy curved bench for fire pit.
diy fire pit bench fire pit benches plans outdoor fire pit curved bench cushions blueprints plans for with curved diy corner bench around fire pit.
diy fire pit bench fire pit bench elegant the secrets to the best backyards on easy diy fire pit bench.
diy fire pit bench fire pit bench plans fire pit benches plans curved bench with back ship seating designs ideas fire pit bench plans diy corner bench around fire pit.
diy fire pit bench diy benches for fire pit.
diy fire pit bench fire pit benches mesmerizing fire pit bench outdoor curved fire pit bench fire pit benches with backs outdoor curved mesmerizing fire pit bench easy diy fire pit bench.
diy fire pit bench cinder block fire pit fire pit ideas for your backyard diy curved fire pit bench.
diy fire pit bench homemade fire pit homemade fire pit grill best fire pit grill ideas on fire pit build diy fire pit bench plans.
diy fire pit bench fire pit seating fire pit plans fire pit bench plans best fire pit seating ideas on backyard seating fire pit area and outdoor seating bench fire pit diy fire pit bench ideas.
diy fire pit bench homemade fire pit homemade fire pit grill building fire pit benches build outdoor fire pit bench.
diy fire pit bench backyard fire pit

########
Rank: 5
Score: 8.047638
Retrieved Text: coloring pages of fire trucks fire truck printable fire truck printable coloring pages fire engine colouring pages printable printable coloring fire fire truck printable free colouring colouring sheet.
coloring pages of fire trucks printable fire truck coloring pages fire truck printable coloring pages for free printable fire engine coloring colouring pages fire engine.
coloring pages of fire trucks free printable fireman coloring pages fire truck trucks and fr coloring pages fire trucks.
coloring pages of fire trucks fire truck pictures to color also fire truck pictures to color and truck color pages monster fire truck colouring pages fire engine.
coloring pages of fire trucks fire truck coloring pages firetruck coloring page fire truck coloring page fire truck coloring firetruck colouring sheets fire engine.
coloring pages of fire trucks fire truck pictures to color fire truck coloring page colouring sheets fire engine.
coloring pages of fire trucks fire truck coloring pages fire engine colouring pages colouring sheets fire engine.
coloring pages of fire trucks fire engine coloring page fire truck coloring page emergency vehicle coloring pages real fire truck coloring colouring pages fire engine.
coloring pages of fire trucks fire truck coloring page coloring picture of fire fire trucks coloring pages coloring page fire free fire truck coloring page colouring pages fire trucks.
coloring pages of fire trucks fire truck color pages fire trucks coloring pages blaze coloring pages concept trucks coloring pages fire colouring pages fire engine.
coloring pages of fire trucks trash truck coloring pages fire truck coloring pages for toddlers coloring pages fire trucks preschool garbage free colouring pages fire truck.
coloring pages of fire

########
Rank: 6
Score: 8.0445595
Retrieved Text: outdoor ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit outdoor post for ethanol ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit outdoor.
ethanol fire pit from select options a vessel fire pit ethanol fire ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit bunnings.
bio ethanol fire pit new fire pit unique bioethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit bio ethanol fire pit insert.
ethanol fire pit gel fire pit ethanol fuel natural gas outdoor ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit outdoor.
brown jordan equinox fire pit ethanol fire heat sunnyland ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit bunnings.
ethanol fire pit excellent fire glass pit beautiful ideas ethanol ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit outdoor.
ethanol fire pit gel fire pit ethanol fire pit fire pit fuel gel ethanol fire pit bio ethanol fuel fire pit.
gel tabletop fireplace fire pit fuel ethanol minka ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit insert.
outdoor fire pit fuel fire pit gel fuel gel fire pit fire pit how to ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit fuel.
image of outdoor ethanol fire pit pits and fireplaces bio uk horiaco ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit bunnings.
ethanol fire pit fire pit concrete contemporary fire bio ethanol ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit outdoor.
ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pit bunnings home ethanol fire pit outdoor ethanol fire pit australia.
anywhere fireplace broadway glass bio ethanol fireplace reviews bio ethanol fire pit ethanol fire pits outdoor australia.
48 inch stainless steel silver manual portable ethanol fire pit in ethanol fire pit outdoor bio ethanol fire pit uk.
ethanol fire pit insert best of fire pit bowl insert only navi rss

########
Rank: 7
Score: 8.042778
Retrieved Text: cheap fire ring buy a fire pit purchase fire pit ring buy a fire pit metal fire pit ring lowes.
cheap fire ring build your own inexpensive backyard fire pit metal fire pit ring canada.
cheap fire ring inexpensive raised garden beds how to create raised garden beds with galvanized fire pit rings cheap fire rings for sale near me.
cheap fire ring fire pit rings cheap unique inexpensive fire pit made from a gallon drum a grate metal fire pit ring insert.
cheap fire ring best fire pits for sale cheap beautiful best images on and unique fire fire rings for sale near me.
cheap fire ring backyard fire pit kits interior cheap fire pit kits attractive propane ring kit prepossessing ideal intended backyard fire pit metal fire pit ring ideas.
cheap fire ring inexpensive 3 metal fire pit ring canada.
cheap fire ring amazing fire pit using concrete tree rings 5 steps with pictures fire pit cheap cheap fire opal rings.
cheap fire ring fire pit backyard fire rings for sale at lowes.
cheap fire ring smart fire pit ideas inspirational unique building a concrete fire pit using pipe metal fire pit ring uk.
cheap fire ring fire pit blueprints southern gardening simple fire pit cheap metal fire pits.
cheap fire ring unique how to build a fire pit cheap sets wallpaper pictures photos cheap fire rings for sale.
cheap fire ring home interior quick cheap outdoor fire pit best project ideas page of fire rings for sale at menards.
cheap fire ring cheap fire pit metal fire pit ring ideas.
cheap fire ring the home road fire

########
Rank: 8
Score: 8.042225
Retrieved Text: fire truck bed custom fire truck bed frame fire truck bed sheets canada.
fire truck bed step 2 firetruck toddler bed price unique step 2 firetruck bed fire truck bedroom ideas.
fire truck bed fire truck bed plans fire truck bed building plans.
fire truck bed two grandpas build firetruck bunk bed fire engine bedding full size.
fire truck bed firetruck loft bed fire truck crib bedding set.
fire truck bed recently completed fire truck bed fire truck bedroom.
fire truck bed kids fire truck bed double fire engine bunk bed buy fire engine bunk bed product on bedroom sets near me fire engine bed frame.
fire truck bed fire truck bed fire truck bedding set.
fire truck bed fire engine bed sheets.
fire truck bed fire truck toddler bed by at build sew reap fire engine bed frame.
fire truck bed fire truck twin bed kid room kid room cute pink kids bedroom painting combined with minimalist fire truck bed sheets.
fire truck bed toddler bed best of fire truck toddler beds fire truck toddler plastic fire truck toddler bed fire engine bed tent uk.
fire truck bed step 2 toddler bed fire truck baby bedding sets.
fire truck bed fire truck toddler bed bedroom ideas painted furniture fire truck bedding set.
fire truck bed kids fire truck bed fire truck bed bed bath and beyond coupons at buy buy baby fire truck bedding sets toddler.
fire truck bed fire truck twin bed fire truck twin bed fire truck twin bed frame red fire truck fire engine bedding set.
fire truck bed fire truck bedroom decorating ideas.
fire truck bed double fire

########
Rank: 9
Score: 8.039058
Retrieved Text: installing fire alarm man installing fire alarm panel installing fire alarm panel installing new fire alarms.
installing fire alarm hands on fire alarm system training provides vital experience to the electrical worker installing nest fire alarm install fire alarm detector.
installing fire alarm supply installation and maintenance of fire alarm and firefighting system installing smoke detector battery installation of fire alarm system pdf.
installing fire alarm fire detection and prevention technologies installations installing fire alarms training fire alarm pull station installation cost.
installing fire alarm installation fire alarm addressable installing nest smoke detector battery installing fire alarms training.
installing fire alarm electrician installing fire alarm inside house stock photo fire alarm pull station installation height install fire alarm detector.
installing fire alarm fire alarm installation certificate template installing an addressable fire alarm system installing fire alarms home.
installing fire alarm inc sound residential commercial fire alarm systems installation service repair installing an addressable fire alarm system fire alarm pull station installation height.
installing fire alarm smoke detector placement fire detector placement home installing fire alarms in house installing nest smoke detector battery.
installing fire alarm fire alarm installation surrey south east installing fire alarms home cost of installing fire alarm system.
installing fire alarm fire alarm system 1 installing fire alarm system installation of fire alarm systems canada.
installing fire alarm smoke alarm installation of fire alarm system pdf installing new fire alarms.
installing fire alarm fire alarm system installation installing fire alarms in house installing fire alarm battery.
installing fire alarm smoke alarms installation gold coast installing nest fire alarm how to install nest fire alarm battery.
installing fire

########
Rank: 10
Score: 8.037659
Retrieved Text: metal fire pit lid fire pit or fire table cover outdoor propane fire pit covers outdoor fire pits with covers.
metal fire pit lid round steel fire pit cover lovely fresh fire pit cover round metal fire pit covers round round outdoor fire pit covers large outdoor fire pit covers.
metal fire pit lid metal fire pit lid ideas digital camera 9 square outdoor fire pit covers outdoor fire pit metal covers.
metal fire pit lid elegant gas fire pit covers beautiful fresh outdoor and inspirational metal cover square outdoor fire pit covers outside fire pit with lid.
metal fire pit lid astounding wood burning fire pit metal fire pit cover wood burning fire pit table metal cover custom metal fire pit covers outdoor wood burning fire pit outside fire pit with lid bu.
metal fire pit lid stainless steel rectangle fire pit cover on fire pit custom outdoor fire pit covers outdoor propane fire pit with lid.
metal fire pit lid fire pit cover metal fire pit cover metal 4 metal fire pit cover fire pit outdoor fire pit metal covers square metal outdoor fire pit covers.
metal fire pit lid metal cover medium size of fire pit metal cover fire pit dome cover square metal fire pit cover metal outdoor fire pit covers outdoor propane fire pit covers custom outdoor fire pit.
metal fire pit lid outdoor heating fire pit covers large stainless steel metal fire pit buy a fire pit lid outdoor fire pit metal covers.
metal fire pit lid fire pit covers round metal metal fire pit cover fire pit cover

########
Rank: 11
Score: 8.034069
Retrieved Text: stacked stone fire pit stone fire pit ideas yard outdoor fire pit ideas design designs cheap landscaping tips on designing stone fire pit stacked slate fire pit.
stacked stone fire pit sightly stone outdoor fire pit stacked stone fire pit blue rock fire pit s blue stone sightly stone outdoor fire pit stacked slate fire pit.
stacked stone fire pit stacked stone fire pit best bricks for fire pit stacked stone fire pit how to build stacked stone fire pit stack stone fire pit rona.
stacked stone fire pit how to build a beautiful stacked stone fire pit stacked stone fire pit instructions.
stacked stone fire pit home and furniture endearing outdoor stone fire pit of stones the alternative home outdoor stacked stone fire pit diy.
stacked stone fire pit stacked stone fire pit retaining wall fire pit stacked stone fire pit stacked stone fire pit stacked slate fire pit stack stone fire pit rona.
stacked stone fire pit stacked stone fire pit rock fire pit ideas medium size of how to build a fire stacked stone fire pit stacked stone fire pit diy.
stacked stone fire pit stone fire pit make yourself a stacked stone fire pit stacked slate fire pit.
stacked stone fire pit making a stone fire pit stacked stone fire pit stacked making your own home cool how making a stone fire pit stacked stone fire pit installation.
stacked stone fire pit stone fire pit stack stone fire pit rona.
stacked stone fire pit this fire pit is totally simple she gives you a great materials list and the price she paid

########
Rank: 12
Score: 8.033839
Retrieved Text: concrete fire bowl modern concrete fire bowl.
concrete fire bowl designs concrete fire bowl elevation.
concrete fire bowl molding concrete for tabletop concrete fire bowl.
concrete fire bowl concrete fire bowls concrete fire pit bowl stunning concrete water bowls fire bowls giant jars pots concrete fire bowls.
concrete fire bowl round concrete fire bowl direct.
concrete fire bowl precast concrete fire bowl.
concrete fire bowl glamorous gel fire pit fire bowl concrete fire pit gel fire bowl gel fuel fire pit.
concrete fire bowl concrete fire bowls round adobe.
concrete fire bowl concrete in dove.
concrete fire bowl concrete fire bowl concrete fire bowl by st concrete exchange concrete fire bowl wood burning.
concrete fire bowl a modern concrete outdoor fire bowl that will help to get your backyard ready.
concrete fire bowl concrete fire pits bowls tables living with decor.
concrete fire bowl concrete fire bowls cement fire bowl use a kiddie pool for the mold concrete fire pit bowl for sale.
concrete fire bowl home concrete fire bowl product image.
concrete fire bowl lunar concrete fire bowl direct.
concrete fire bowl fire bowl pit outdoor fire bowl fire in fire pits.
concrete fire bowl concrete fire bowl design concrete fire pit bowls furniture and art concrete fire bowl for sale.
concrete fire bowl eye of the day garden design center musings design concrete fire bowl.
concrete fire bowl original concrete fire bowl fire bowl elegant concrete fire pit bowl of how to make complete concrete fire bowl.
concrete fire bowl concrete fire bowl fire pit bowl concrete fire pit bowl outdoor goods concrete fire bowl wood burning.
concrete fire bowl how to make a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 8.031076
Retrieved Text: sojoe fire pit fire pit rotisserie option backyard fast shipping sojoe fire pit reviews.
sojoe fire pit build fire pit cooking unique fresh outdoor fire pit grate get the original wildlife sojoe star and moon fire pit.
sojoe fire pit small click here sojoe fire pits.
sojoe fire pit sojoe star and moon fire pit.
sojoe fire pit fire pit with table top cover modern the do s and don ts of a inside 2 sojoe star and moon fire pit.
sojoe fire pit fire pit image of outdoor ideas design inside sojoe fire pits.
sojoe fire pit star moon fire pit for a party sojoe kokopelli fire pit.
sojoe fire pit rotisserie fire pit cover build fire pit cooking unique fresh outdoor sojoe fire pits.
sojoe fire pit star sojoe star and moon fire pit.
sojoe fire pit fire pit fire pit fire pit sojoe kokopelli fire pit.
sojoe fire pit marvelous fire pit fire pit spark screen fire pit fire pit sojoe fire pits.
sojoe fire pit backyard fire pits sojoe fire pit cover.
sojoe fire pit fire pit image of outdoor ideas design with plans sojoe fire pits.
sojoe fire pit pit bowl fireproof rocks for fire pit outdoor fire pit inserts glass rocks for fire pit sojoe fire pit cover.
sojoe fire pit rotisserie sojoe wildlife fire pit.
sojoe fire pit fire pit fancy angel wings magnesia wildlife fire pit cover lovely outdoor goods wildlife sojoe fire pit cover.
sojoe fire pit fire pit home page star and moon fire pit sojoe star and moon fire pit.
sojoe fire pit fire pit sojoe fire pits.
sojoe fire pit fire pit

########
Rank: 14
Score: 8.030105
Retrieved Text: patio fire pit ideas outdoor fire pit ideas seating designs pictures outdoor fire pit ideas on a budget.
patio fire pit ideas fire pit landscape construction ca diy outdoor gas fire pit ideas.
patio fire pit ideas goals fire pits fire pit area and fire ring outdoor fire pit ideas near pool.
patio fire pit ideas best fire pit designs ideas on building a fire pit small patio fire pit outdoor fire pit ideas designs.
patio fire pit ideas outdoor fire pit seating ideas 5 outdoor fire pit seating ideas diy.
patio fire pit ideas backyard fire pits designs new pics fireplace pit patio designs outdoor fire pit ideas uk.
patio fire pit ideas fire pits outdoor fire pit ideas with swings.
patio fire pit ideas collect this idea fire and ice cover outdoor fire pit ideas near pool.
patio fire pit ideas patio for the home exterior fire pit backyard backyard fire pit designs outdoor fire pit ideas near pool.
patio fire pit ideas we installed a fire pit last spring and have so enjoyed using it over the spring summer when caught by surprise on a rare coo outdoor fire pit ideas designs.
patio fire pit ideas outdoor fire designs backyard fire pit designs inspirational elegant outdoor fire pits ideas graphics outdoor fire pit ideas outdoor fire pit ideas australia.
patio fire pit ideas the home road fire pit outdoor fire pit ideas backyard.
patio fire pit ideas fire pit patio design ideas 5 outdoor fire pit ideas australia.
patio fire pit ideas image of backyard patio ideas in my interior diy outdoor gas fire pit ideas.
patio

########
Rank: 15
Score: 8.029162
Retrieved Text: fire pit grill insert backyard fireplace and fire pit for gas and for wood burning use outdoor fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert fire pit grill homemade outdoor fire pit outdoor fire pit grills ed outdoor fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert square fire pit grill lovable fire pit grill insert square fire pit square fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert square fire pit grate square fire pit grate square fire pit grill outdoor fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert rumble stone fire pit insert accessories black fire pit insert square fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert outdoor fire pit and grill barbecue fire pit brick outdoor fire pit outdoor fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert ranch fire pit fibroidsfeelclub square fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert barbecue grill outdoor fire pit insert wood fire pit camping fire square fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert fire pit with grill propane tank fire pit table elegant co regarding square fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert grill adjustable fire pit diy cooking grate for russianpoet square fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert steel fire pit rings galvanized steel fire ring awesome galvanized outdoor fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert fire pit grill insert fire pit grill insert cooking accessories square fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert fire pit bbq outdoor table monosketchco outdoor fire pit grill insert.
fire pit grill insert entranching outdoor gas fire pit insert at diy table to transform square fire pit grill insert.
fire

########
Rank: 16
Score: 8.028835
Retrieved Text: fire rated door residential fire door between garage and house doors throughout rated to plan fire rated garage door inspection fire rated steel residential doors.
fire rated door residential stainless steel doors in satin finish with circle impression pattern fire rated door residential code.
fire rated door residential residential fire rated interior residential door.
fire rated door residential fire rated door fire rated doors winsome residential fire rated door pictures in combination doors fire rated sliding door residential.
fire rated door residential residential fire doors fire rated sliding door residential.
fire rated door residential fire rated sliding doors fire rated sliding doors suppliers and fire rated sliding doors fire rated fire rated residential garage doors.
fire rated door residential fire rated doors residential residential fire door requirements.
fire rated door residential stainless steel front doors best seller stainless steel door design cheap fire rated doors front door fire rated residential garage doors.
fire rated door residential interior fire rated doors exemplary residential interior door fireproof interior wood door residential apartment fire rated fire resistant residential doors.
fire rated door residential residential fire rated doors beautiful home depot fire rated interior doors beautiful best barn doors fire rated residential door with glass.
fire rated door residential residential steel fire rated doors fire rated interior residential doors.
fire rated door residential related post fire rated residential garage doors.
fire rated door residential fire rated door residential large size of doors fire rated doors sliding with fire rated residential fire rated door residential fire rated residential doors.
fire rated door residential fire rated doors fire rated doors fire rated doors suppliers and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 8.026753
Retrieved Text: fire pit kits accessories fire pit kits diy.
fire pit kits also available in outdoor fire pit kits uk.
fire pit kits awesome wood burning fire pit kits outdoor stone fire pit kits and wood burning stone fire stone fire pit kits for sale.
fire pit kits the blog talk gardening garden center fire pit kits outdoor fire pit kits stone.
fire pit kits match lit gas fire pit kit with stainless steel burner installed in residential application fire pit kit melbourne.
fire pit kits play fire pit kit stone home depot.
fire pit kits stone fire pit kits winnipeg.
fire pit kits fire pit kits fire pit kit metal.
fire pit kits fire pit supplies fresh outdoor gas fire pit kits fire pits stunning gas fire pit supplies propane fire pit kits uk.
fire pit kits gas fire pit kit propane fire pit burner homemade building a natural gas fire pit fire pit kit allegheny fire pit kit lowes.
fire pit kits fire pit gas fire pit kit amazon.
fire pit kits fire pit kit fire pit kit outdoor fire pit kits stone.
fire pit kits outdoor propane fire pit kits awesome gas natural creative designs ideas and with 3 within in 5 diy propane fire pit kits.
fire pit kits contemporary build a fire ring pit with stone and sweat designs for cheap kits idea fire pit burner kits propane.
fire pit kits mall on with sitting benches square fire pit kits lowes.
fire pit kits shop all fire kits diy stone fire pit kits.
fire pit kits outdoor gas fire pit kits designs ashwell fire pit kit menards.
fire pit

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.025673
Retrieved Text: diy propane fire table home depot fire pit table inspirational propane fire pit table inspirational fire pits outdoor heating diy propane fire table plans.
diy propane fire table barrel fire pit con google house in fire pit fire and barrel fire pit diy propane tabletop fire bowl.
diy propane fire table propane fire pit kit best propane fire pit kit awesome best mosaic fire pits images propane fire pit diy propane tabletop fire bowl.
diy propane fire table how to build a propane fire pit fabulous outdoor propane fire pits for your house idea diy outdoor propane fire pit table.
diy propane fire table outdoor fire pits gas propane fire pit kits propane gas fire pit diy outdoor propane fire table.
diy propane fire table fire coffee table good coffee table fireplace or propane fire pit dining table outdoor tabletop fireplace fresh patio with propane fire pit coffee table diy propane fire table k.
diy propane fire table diy propane fire table ideas.
diy propane fire table outdoor propane fireplace table diy propane fire table kit.
diy propane fire table impressing propane fire pit kit outdoor fire pit log lighter awesome propane fire pit kit fire diy propane tabletop fire bowl.
diy propane fire table hottest fire pit ideas and designs for patio diy propane fire table plans.
diy propane fire table fire pit propane kit propane fire pit propane fire pit kit outdoor propane fire pit kits fire pit propane diy outdoor propane fire table.
diy propane fire table propane fire pit kits propane fire pit propane fire pit table propane fire pit coffee diy propane

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.024574
Retrieved Text: hidden tank fire pits fire pit table gas fire pit gas fire pit tables natural gas hidden tank gas fire pits uk.
hidden tank fire pits hidden propane tank fire pit home interior fire hidden tank round fire pit.
hidden tank fire pits square fire pit hidden tank hidden tank gas fire pits uk.
hidden tank fire pits hidden propane tank fire pit inspirational lovely pics propane round propane fire pit hidden tank.
hidden tank fire pits how to hide a propane tank no gas propane tanks are inside hidden hidden lp tank fire pits.
hidden tank fire pits hidden tank fire pit fire pits diy hidden tank fire pit.
hidden tank fire pits gas fire pit with hidden tank hidden tank fire pits sierra gas gas round propane fire pit hidden tank.
hidden tank fire pits gas re pit with hidden tank tables propane hidden tank round fire pit.
hidden tank fire pits gas fire pit with hidden tank gas fire pit tables propane tank fire hidden tank gas fire pits uk.
hidden tank fire pits hidden tank fire pits hidden tank fire pits natural gas fire pit hidden tank fire pit table.
hidden tank fire pits image of hidden tank fire pits gas pit ideas hidden tank round fire pit.
hidden tank fire pits hidden tank stainless steel fire pits l l watch hidden lp tank fire pits.
hidden tank fire pits hidden propane tank fire pit brushed gauge stainless steel pyramid hidden tank fire pit propane.
hidden tank fire pits hidden propane tank fire pits creative living hidden tank round fire pit.
hidden tank fire pits hidden

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.021618
Retrieved Text: new fire engine coloring book or firetruck coloring pages your will love saving the day with this fire truck coloring page fire 57 fire truck colouring book.
fire engine coloring book and fire trucks coloring pages coloring pages truck construction truck coloring pages construction vehicles coloring pages truck fire trucks coloring 12 fire truck coloring.
inspirational fire engine coloring book or fire engine coloring book plus firetruck color page fire truck coloring pages printable preschool fire truck 37 fire truck coloring book printable.
best of fire engine coloring book or fire engine coloring book firefighter truck fire station truck pictures for kids 29 fire truck coloring book printable.
unique fire engine coloring book or fire truck coloring book pages colouring engine pa 17 fire truck colouring book.
lovely fire engine coloring book and coloring page fire truck firetruck coloring pages trash truck coloring pages truck coloring book design trucks coloring pages fire truck firetruck coloring 45 fire.
good fire engine coloring book for firetruck coloring pages trucks coloring book fire engine coloring page fire engine coloring page lovely fire engine coloring pages fire engine coloring 77 fire truc.
good fire engine coloring book or fire station coloring page firetruck coloring pages fire truck coloring book and truck coloring book plus truck coloring pages fire fire brigade coloring 68 fire truc.
new fire engine coloring book and also free printable truck coloring pages download fire truck coloring book pages 47 fire engine colouring book.
best of fire engine coloring book for fire truck coloring book pages gallery free fire truck coloring pages to print image 4

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.021574
Retrieved Text: where to buy fire glass fireplace cheap fire rated glass.
where to buy fire glass exotic fire glass exotic fire glass outdoor living south buy exotic fire exotic glass crystal reflective exotic fire glass cheap fire rated glass.
where to buy fire glass fire pit beautiful pits with glass stones inspiring regarding for design 1 cheap fire rated glass.
where to buy fire glass fireplace buy internal fire glass.
where to buy fire glass buy fire glass canada.
where to buy fire glass if you want to buy fire glass from china feel free to contact buy fire glass.
where to buy fire glass fire sense reflective fire glass filler blue front zoom buy fire rated glass online.
where to buy fire glass ambiance custom linear deluxe 2 fireplace black glass front with standard coal w buy fire glass in south africa.
where to buy fire glass if you want to buy fire glass from china feel free to contact buy fire glass india.
where to buy fire glass buy fire pit rocks luxury awesome glass rock fire pit buy fire glass india.
where to buy fire glass where to buy fire glass cheap fire glass home depot fire glass cheap fire glass discount buy fire glass.
where to buy fire glass thick tempered glass ceramic glass fire rated for fireplace door and glass stove buy fire glass online.
where to buy fire glass how much fire glass do i need how much lava rock do i need for fire pit glass fire pit table outdoor natural gas fireplace where to buy fire glass buy fire glass india.
where

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.021125
Retrieved Text: astonishing propane fire pit vs wood fire pit.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood gas vs wood fire pit top reasons to a gas fire pit vs wood burning picture on amazing propane fire pit table with glass rocks beads gas gas vs wood fire pit.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood best fire pit for wood deck great fire pit on wood deck from heat shield best for deflector outdoor gas stunning table propane fire pit on wooden deck.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood propane fire pit vs wood elegant vs fire pit fire pit ideas of propane fire pit vs wood.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood propane fire pit vs wood inspirational energy fire pits of propane fire pit vs wood.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood best fire pit images on propane fire pit kits.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood s.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood outdoor retro wood finish square propane gas fire pit.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood fire pit kit wood burning fire pits rectangular fire pit table propane fire table fire pit kit how to build a fire pit on a wood deck fire pit kit video.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood propane fire pit with table.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood gas vs wood fire pit unique wood outdoor propane fire pits home ideas collection of gas vs wood fire pit.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood wood burning kit fire pits with stones pit home depot gas propane.
astonishing propane fire pit vs wood lovely propane fire

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.020822
Retrieved Text: lowes brick fire pit patio user submitted photo for lowes paver fire pit kit.
lowes brick fire pit fire pit kit new insanely lovely tasks that will rework your yard lowes paver fire pit kit.
lowes brick fire pit extra brick for fire pit build your own in a weekend under finished d i y glue pad mortar design lowes paver fire pit kit.
lowes brick fire pit completed fire pit lowes pavers fire pit.
lowes brick fire pit fire pits for sale gas fire pit landscaping bricks fire pits gas supreme brick fire fire pits for sale lowes brick fire pit kit.
lowes brick fire pit romantic outdoor gas fire pit in pits propane kit gas outdoor fire pit at gas outdoor fire pits outdoor gas lowes paver fire pit kit.
lowes brick fire pit do it yourself fire pit best kit inspirational unique build your own do it yourself fire pit beautiful ideas lowes pavers fire pit.
lowes brick fire pit fire pit bricks at design and ideas lowes brick fire pit kit.
lowes brick fire pit picture of outdoor fire pit beautiful fire pit bricks how to build a custom lowes paver fire pit kit.
lowes brick fire pit collection fire pit bricks interior backyard lowes paver fire pit kit.
lowes brick fire pit fantastic fire pit kit garden choosing as the fire pit kit amazing with brick fire pit lowes paver fire pit kit.
lowes brick fire pit layering brick to create fire pit lowes pavers fire pit.
lowes brick fire pit home and furniture ideas impressive fire pit kit in s lowes paver

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.016663
Retrieved Text: outdoor furniture with fire pits innovative high top wicker patio set gorgeous high top outdoor furniture top best fire pit patio.
outdoor furniture with fire pits patio furniture with fire table patio set with fire table sensational patio furniture fire pit table set photos ideas patio set patio set with fire table.
outdoor furniture with fire pits gas fire pit table and chairs outdoor fire pit sets patio furniture sets with gas fire.
outdoor furniture with fire pits patio fire pit table.
outdoor furniture with fire pits oak cliff 5 piece metal patio fire pit conversation set with chili cushions.
outdoor furniture with fire pits patio furniture with fire pit stone.
outdoor furniture with fire pits fire pit table set fire pit set with chairs propane fire pit tables patio fire pit.
outdoor furniture with fire pits highland point 5 piece aluminum and steel patio fire pit conversation set with gray cushions.
outdoor furniture with fire pits patio table with fire pit built in patio furniture sets with fire pit patio furniture fire.
outdoor furniture with fire pits redwood valley 5 piece metal patio fire pit seating set with cushions included choose.
outdoor furniture with fire pits coffee table fire pit.
outdoor furniture with fire pits charming ideas for fire pit dining table design outdoor fire pit dining tables modern patio outdoor.
outdoor furniture with fire pits 5 piece set spring rocker aluminum base.
outdoor furniture with fire pits outdoor patio furniture with fire pit amazing outdoor patio set with fire pit or image of.
outdoor furniture with fire pits fire pit beautiful fire pit patio furniture sets circular for

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.016047
Retrieved Text: fire pit water feature combo fire and water fountains outdoor fire and water fountains outdoor fire and water formal fountain kits fire and water fountain rd fire and water fountains outdoor fire wate.
fire pit water feature combo sampler fire pit water feature and combo home improvement loans in nice with a video.
fire pit water feature combo fire pit water feature combo luxury backyard patio water application lighting back of fire pit water feature combo.
fire pit water feature combo outdoor fire pit home depot beautiful fire pit water feature combo lovely seriously water fountain of outdoor fire pit home depot.
fire pit water feature combo fire pit with water ture custom crystals and within spa combo home improvement.
fire pit water feature combo fire pit with water fountain fire pit with water fountain gas fire pit water fountain water fountain fire pit combo.
fire pit water feature combo bronze fire pit fountain water feature combo fresh patio best ideas wallpaper of.
fire pit water feature combo fire and water feature pause fire water feature.
fire pit water feature combo water feature and fire pit combos you will admire 6.
fire pit water feature combo fire water pit combo fire pit fountain water fountain fire pit combo picture water fountain pumps near me water fountain fire pit water feature combo.
fire pit water feature combo water fire pit evolution gas fire pit with water feature fines gas fire and water pit fire pit water feature combo water fire pit pictures.
fire pit water feature combo fire pit water feature combo beautiful backyard fire pits s club

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.01471
Retrieved Text: outdoor patio propane fire pit propane fire pit table set patio furniture with fire pit table sets propane propane fire pit patio set patio propane fire pit amazon patio table top fire bowl runs propane patio propane fire pit amazon patio table top fire bowl runs propane garden.
outdoor patio propane fire pit darlee 60 round patio propane fire pit dining table shop belleze btu outdoor patio propane gas fire pit table w belleze btu outdoor patio propane gas fire pit table w fire glass kit heater.
outdoor patio propane fire pit garden table with fire pit small outdoor fire patio fire bowl propane patio propane fire pit table amazon red ember in square propane fire patio propane fire pit table amazon red ember in square propane fire pit table inside patio.
outdoor patio propane fire pit outland firebowl mega 24 in portable steel propane gas fire pit outdoor patio amazoncom modeno propane fire pit table outdoor patio modeno quot propane fire pit table outdoor patio furniture fire bowl concrete with stainless.
outdoor patio propane fire pit outdoor propane gas fire pit decor of patio propane fire pit home design images patio outdoor real flame fire pits outdoor heating the home depot forest ridge in fibercast concrete propane fire pit.
outdoor patio propane fire pit propane fire pit outdoor bar height dining 7 piece set cast aluminum patio furniture sunbrella cushions top best outdoor propane fire pits reviews editors pick outdoor propane fire pit featured.
outdoor patio propane fire pit blue rhino endless summer outdoor patio propane gas blue glass fire pit

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.014216
Retrieved Text: gas fire pit tables and chairs sets fire table set fabulous bar height fire pit table set awesome bar height fire pit table gas fire pit tables and chairs sets.
gas fire pit tables and chairs sets fire pit set awesome fire pit sets mainstays 5 piece patio conversation set with fire gas fire pit tables and chairs sets.
gas fire pit tables and chairs sets fire table sets fire pit table set fire gas fire pit table set fire pit table gas fire pit tables and chairs sets.
gas fire pit tables and chairs sets patio furniture fire pit table set breathtaking patio furniture sets with fire pit beautiful garden table gas fire pit tables and chairs sets.
gas fire pit tables and chairs sets patio furniture fire pit table set gas fire pit fireplace table small propane fire pit patio gas fire pit tables and chairs sets.
gas fire pit tables and chairs sets fire pit set clearance target fire pit target fire pit gas fire pit table propane fire pit table fire pit target fire pit gas fire pit set clearance propane gas fir.
gas fire pit tables and chairs sets fire pit table and chairs outdoor gas fire pit table and chairs elegant set pits sets gas fire pit tables and chairs sets.
gas fire pit tables and chairs sets patio table gas fire pit tables good beauty wonderful amazing high resolution wallpaper images propane sets with chairs gas fire pit tables and chairs sets.
gas fire pit tables and chairs sets fire pit table and chairs set best patio

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.013998
Retrieved Text: Fire Alarm Clip Art. welcome to my blog here I will show you a little more what you are looking for Fire Alarm Clip Art below there are some photos and a little about Fire Alarm Clip Art that you can see and read, hopefully in accordance with what you are looking for.
#fire alarm clipart moving, #fire alarm clipart, #fire alarm clip art images, #fire alarm clip art free, #fire alarm clip art black & white, #fire- retardant clothing.#notifier fire alarm bell.#alarm fire silhiette.#hospital fire.#clip art alarm.#fire alarm cartoon.#clip art right to know.#fire alarm watermark.#fire alarm light.#fire alarm graphic.#clip art fire alarm bell.#fire drill clip art.#fire alarm pull clip art.#red arrow clip art.#fire alarm sign.#fire bell clip art.#animated fire alarm.#fire alarm sounds.#fire alarm pull station clip art.#alarm system clip art.#fire safety awareness clip art.#fire alarm symbol.#fire alarm strobe.#three- alarm fire clip art.#fire alarm vector.#building fire alarm clip art.#fire strobe lights.#fire safety clip art.#fire evacuation cliparts.#fire extinuisher.#animated fire alarm clip art.#clip art fire alarm sound.#fire extinguisher.#rain gauge clip art.#sign fire alarm clip art.#fire pull station clip art.#clip art fire alarm testing.#fire alarm icon.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.013735
Retrieved Text: diy fire pit glass a beautiful spot overlooking a lake or an urban backyard becomes even more magical when you add a 19th century inspired syrup kettle fire pit above diy fire pit glass.
diy fire pit glass homemade fire pit glass.
diy fire pit glass diy fire pit with glass rocks lovely patio 43 inspirational glass stones for fire pit ideas diy fire pit with glass.
diy fire pit glass fire glass pit diy unique patio inspirational fire glass fire pit diy sets high definition of diy glass stone fire pit.
diy fire pit glass best choice of fire pit glass beads in contemporary elegant for pits decorative group diy glass fire pit table.
diy fire pit glass build your own propane fire pit table natural gas for design 27 with inside prepare 20 cheap fire pit glass.
diy fire pit glass home depot fire pit glass lovely 10 diy backyard fire pits glass for fire pit life of fire glass glass fire pit coffee table glass for fire pit fire glass fire pit copper reflective diamond fire pit glass lb glass for fire pit.
diy fire pit glass fire pit glass linear fire pit installation diy gas fire pit glass.
diy fire pit glass diy propane fire pit 27 easy to build diy firepit ideas to improve your backyard cheap fire pit glass.
diy fire pit glass how to build a gas fire pit with glass cheap fire pit glass crystals.
diy fire pit glass jim 1 diy fire pit with fire glass.
diy fire pit glass diy glass stone fire pit.
diy fire pit glass

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: Sentence: How long should liquid nails dry?

Choice 1: Just because liquid nails look dry in a short period of time it does not mean it is dried to maximum strength.

Choice 2: Liquid nails should be adhered to surfaces for 24 hours, taking a full week to completely cure to maximum strength

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.4424
Retrieved Text: Sellys Liquid Nails Fast is a water based high strength construction adhesive with the benefit of faster application, which minimises the need to support joints while the adhesive cures and works best on porous surfaces.
Selleys Liquid Nails Fast is water clean up and has a low odour which whichs this product ideal for indoor applications.
This product is paintable when dry, doesn't drip, sag or strings and withstands shrinkage and thermal movement.
Selleys Liquid Nails is good also for bridging and filling gaps.
Ensure the surfaces to be bonded are clean, dry and free from dust, grease, oil and loose powdery materials. If porous surfaces are greasy or dirty, we would recommend cleaning the surface with Sugar Soap, and allow to dry. If the surface is non-porous eg glass or metal, firstly clean the surface with Mineral Turpetine and then again with Methylated Spirits, and allow to dry. If there is old difficult to remove residue such as old paint, Selleys recommends using a paint stripper, and allow to dry. Surfaces should not be visibly wet or constantly damp. Oily timber types may need to be wiped with solvent prior to application to remove surface oils.
Selleys recommends sanding the surface back with a good quality sanding block, as Selleys Liquid Nails Fast construction adhesive will adhere more readily to a scratched up surface.
Cut the seal at the top of the Selleys Liquid Nails Fast cartridge. Cut the nozzle end to desired opening (approx. 5mm diameter). Fit to the top of the cartridge.
Insert the cartridge into a caulking gun.
Apply a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.242445
Retrieved Text: In theory, painting your own nails is an easy task. As long as you can maintain a relatively steady hand and be patient enough to let the paint fully dry before doing or touching anything, you should be good to go. Except that’s almost never how it happens. Instead, our at-home manicures often result in uneven coats and inexplicable smudges. And, no matter how careful we are, few of us can avoid painting outside the lines — and when we try to quickly swipe away the excess polish, we inevitably smudge our fresh work. Which is why Liquid Palisade, a sort of painter’s tape for nails, might possibly be our new favorite product.
The liquid latex nail tape provides a temporary buffer around your cuticles, so that you can paint freely and imperfectly and still end up with clean, salon-quality lines. To use it, brush a thick border of liquid palisade around your cuticles (and at the top of your fingers if you have shorter nails and tend to get polish on the skin there, too), and let it dry. Keep a manicure stick on hand to push the liquid into place after it dries, if necessary. Follow up with your polish, and before that fully dries, use tweezers to carefully grab and peel off the palisade. It really is that simple.
Of course, this product doesn’t turn you into a spectacular artist who can create intricate masterpieces, and the process does require a steady hand so that your French manicure or nail art creation isn’t wonky or

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.730907
Retrieved Text: When winter hits, you need to protect your nails even more. One way to protect the nails during the cold season is by wearing mittens. However this should not be the only protection you provide the nails with. Here are some tips on how you can wear a healthy and pretty set of nails throughout the cold winter time.
There’s much to love about the winter season. Hot chocolate, snuggling and snow ball fights are sure a hit as the temperature drops. However the winter season also brings some things that we’re not too happy about. One of these things is having to wear craggy nails as well as cuticles. The dry air that winter brings can be too harsh especially to your hands. So better start ensuring that your hands including the nails are protected.
The reason why your nails don’t like the winter season that because of moisture loss. A dermatologist in New York city named Erin Gilbert said that on average a set of healthy nails have 18% of water and since during the winter season your nails are exposed to extreme temperatures (from freezing temperatures outdoors to hot and dry air from indoor heating and vice versa) constantly, they get dehydrated. Dry and dehydrated nails are prone to splitting, chipping and breakage.
Aside from extreme temperatures, your winter habits may also play a role on why your nails become dry. If you love taking long hot showers and bath, the hot water will rob moisture from your nails. If you still keep on using products

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.561285
Retrieved Text: Is polish to gel for home use or professional use?
Polish to gel is designed for use at home - as all SensatioNail products are, although many professional nail technicians do use SensatioNail products as they are salon-quality products.
Can you really use any polish?
Yes – we have tested with over 40 brands including glitter, neon, holographic and colour changing polishes.
Can I use standard SensatioNail polishes with my Polish to Gel Kit?
How do I remove polish to gel?
Method 1: The wrap method.
1. Using SensatioNail foil removal wraps or home-made wraps, soak removal pads in removal liquid or 100% acetone.
2. Place in the foil wrap for 10 minutes and then remove the gel polish gently using the SensatioNail remover tool or a cuticle stick. Remember to start at the cuticle end of the nail - pushing away from the nail and not towards the hand.
Method 2: The bowl method.
1. Fill a bowl with SensatioNail gel polish remover liquid or 100% acetone and place this bowl in a larger bowl of hot (not boiling) water.
2. Soak nails for 10 to 15 minutes and then remove with the Removal tool or a cuticle stick once the polish has softened. SensatioNail Removal kits are available to purchase online and include everything you need to remove gel nail polish at home. Top ups can be purchased in the Gel Nail Essentials shop on our website. Remember - never pick off your nail polish as it can damage the nail - making it thinner and weaker.
Alternatively, use peel off nail shields for quick and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.180752
Retrieved Text: The beautiful pink and white nails are also known worldwide as French nails, or better to say French tips. This type of a manicure/nail is considered to be the most subtle and elegant one, and women all around the world love it. It can be done on your natural nails or on your fake acrylic tips. The only requirements are a base, white polish, and a top coat. Or if you are doing them the acrylic way you will also need an acrylic powder or gel.
They are loved and adored worldwide, for starters. French manicure was a hit back in the ’30s, and it originated in Paris. However, some people are deliberating if this was a thing back then since some are claiming that the brand Max Factor named them ”French” for the first time ever in the ’90s. But does it really matter? The only thing that matters is that they are stunning and obviously a huge statement look. This type of a manicure doesn’t necessarily have to be pink and white. Nowadays, you can color them in any two shades you like.
You mustn’t start doing your nails if you don’t have a clean base. So, wash your hands properly and remove any previous nail polish you have on with acetone. Push back your cuticles and buff the surface of the nails. If you do all of these right you will create a smooth and proper base for your upcoming nail tips.
These nail forms may look a little scary if you are doing them on

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.873787
Retrieved Text: Hello lovelies...another nail post, I just can't help myself! The photos I have used below include two designs on my natural nails and two on false nails. I decided to buy some false nails as I spend so long on my nails sometimes and then my nails chip within a day, which just feels like a waste of time! False nails don't chip for ages and even then it is hardly noticeable and obviously they don't break like natural nails. I bought a pack of 200 from Boots, they come in 10 sizes but then if some are too big you can file them down if you want to use as many as possible, then you're just wasting ones that are too small. I had to cut my natural nails down short as the false nails I bought are quite short and they look a lot better if you don't have natural nail underneath. I really like the square shape of these ones and they make me feel very glamourous for some reason! I'm back to my natural nails for a little while now but I really like using false ones purely because my nail varnish lasts so much longer but then obviously you have to flaff around with glueing them on. Mine lasted about 10 days without coming away from the natural nail, which I thought was really good! I was naughty and pulled them off which will have ultimately damaged my natural nails but I didn't have any remover, oops...not recommended!
From Top Left Clockwise:

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.556183
Retrieved Text: acrylic yellowing vallejo acrylic studio cadmium yellow deep hue 22 tru vue conservation clear acrylic yellowing.
acrylic yellowing fluid acrylic vallejo hansa yellow 68401 100ml acrylic repair products.
acrylic yellowing cab acrylic lacquer is non yellowing but it is best sprayed brush on lacquers which are mostly nitrocellulose will yellow with age acrylic repair.
acrylic yellowing joya mia professional ema liquid monomer acrylic nail system mma free no yellowing made in usa acrylic aquarium yellowing.
acrylic yellowing image for derwent academy acrylic paint 100ml cardmium medium yellow from office national yatala acrylic repair.
acrylic yellowing anti yellowing artificial stone building material acrylic sheets slabtile acrylic repair.
acrylic yellowing high strength modified acrylic seamless joint glue8 years non yellowing acrylic repair companies.
acrylic yellowing like what you see follow me for more skienotsky c l a yellow long acrylic nails acrylic yellowing repair.
acrylic yellowing yellowing index yi of water cast films of acrylic polymers vs the acrylic tub yellowing.
acrylic yellowing acrylic nails yellowing.
acrylic yellowing amazoncom advanced acrylic powder the professional acrylic system nail powder 1 oz beauty acrylic plastic yellowing in sunlight.
acrylic yellowing the braven acrylic 300 ml non yellowing aging resistant high quality sealant tru vue conservation clear acrylic yellowing.
acrylic yellowing liquitex heavy body artist acrylic paint 2oz acrylic resin yellowing.
acrylic yellowing non yellowing moderate viscosity colorless liquid uv glue for acrylic acrylic nail liquid fast dry nonyellowing ml angel beauty acrylic nail liquid fast dry nonyellowing ml.
acrylic yellowing samsung galaxy note 8 case hiandier hard acrylic back panel slim fit anti yellowing clear acrylic yellowing.
acrylic yellowing acrylic yellowing photo 1 acrylic yellowing.
acrylic

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.520737
Retrieved Text: When you think of mosaics, tables, stepping stones and other flat surfaces usually come to mind. Today I’m going to show you how to mosaic 3D objects. I chose a craft pumpkin, but you can also use this technique on terra cotta flower pots, vases, pedestal birdbaths, etc.
Instead of going the traditional route with flat tiles (you can use those if you prefer), I chose vase filler stones because I loved the autumn colors and glassy finish.
This is a fun way to make inexpensive items look luxe! Happy crafting!
Using the Liquid Nails, glue on the stones. Note- Put a dab of Liquid Nails on each stone. Wait until it gets tacky (about 45 minutes-1 hour), then apply to the pumpkin. The stones will slide and/or fall off if you don’t wait. Let dry overnight.
Mix the grout. Don’t add too much water! It should be a thick/clumpy consistency- not runny. Apply to the pumpkin using your hands (wear gloves) Make sure you put enough on so that the stones are covered.
Take a wet sponge and gently wipe it over the pumpkin. The stones will start to reveal themselves.
Keep gently wiping the pumpkin with the wet sponge (wring it out and get it clean as you go) until all the stones are showing.
Once the stones are cleaned, let the grout dry.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.19389
Retrieved Text: Make a manicure yourself is not difficult!
Cognitive facts about everything / beauty / Make a manicure yourself is not difficult!
Stronger than a short skirt, attract a manfloor beautiful and well-groomed hands, neat nails. Men appreciate the neat look and enjoy it. No less pleasure brings the appearance of a beautiful manicure to a woman who has become accustomed to watch over herself and is demanding of herself.
However, it is not always possible to find financial means for visiting a good beauty salon. It does not matter, you can make a manicure yourself, with some effort and imagination.
It is necessary to choose with responsibilitymanicure. At home, drawings on the nails can create a variety of, but for a bank employee or an office employee, they are unlikely to be appropriate. It is necessary to understand that in everyday life, nails with a monophonic lacquer of pastel shades or already classical French manicure look most profitable.
Before you start painting the nails, you need to do a few more actions. To do a manicure yourself, you need to have a nail file, nail scissors or tweezers.
First of all, it is necessary to clean the naila plate from contaminations and the remaining varnish, after washing your hands, and then treat the nails with a liquid to remove the varnish. It is necessary to ensure that the composition does not have acetone, in order to avoid damage to the surface layers of the nail.
Consider how to do a manicure at home.It is necessary to clean the dirt under the nails, then

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.795355
Retrieved Text: Coldness makes molecules stick together more closely (or something scientific like that) so dipping your fingers in a bowl of cold or ice water for 3 minutes will turn your liquid nail polish into a solid. I also use this tactic and find that it helps, on the flip side putting your nails in hot water just a few minutes after they’ve dried will make your nail polish peel off.... Drying your nails in cold water is a widely known tip for people who would like to dry their freshly polished nails even faster. However, this is just a myth, cold water hardens the nails instead of drying them, the formula of regular nail polish requires oxygen to dry and not liquid.
Whenever possible, wash your hair with cold water (as cold as your body can take). This will keep your hair healthy, strong, and shiny. This will keep your hair healthy, strong, and shiny. The Benefits of Vitamin E to Your Hair and Scalp how to get to hua lamphong station 9/03/2010 · Best Answer: No. Both will simply cause damage. Salt water will dry out the nails (but then again, regular water can do the same), and tight hair tying can cause major breakage, as well as cause thinning around the hair line.
Nail polish removers – this can cause onychorrhexis if use too much nail polish remover. Psoriasis. This is a chronic medical condition that affects your skin and is characterized by the appearance of red rashes over the surface of your skin.
• Take lukewarm

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.251171
Retrieved Text: Shine intense hydrating cream review.
You may think a trip to the nail salon in Kingsley Beach, Florida 32091 or the day spa is a great way to pamper your digits (or tootsies) after a long, hard week dealing with life's nail biting moments.
Best Nail Salons in Coconut Creek, FL – bleu nail spas, The Nail Studio, Nails Couture, Picasso Nails & Spa, Hot Tips Nail Salon, … Deerfield Beach, FL 33442.
Revlon Colorstay liquid foundation. Finding a good foundation has been one of my problems for a long time now. Most of the times , the shade is not the right one , the foundation itself is too cakey and gives me a white cast in pictures, its too oily or exaggerates the dry patches on the face !!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.223312
Retrieved Text: You've found some good mirrors and the preparation for mounting your mirrors is done. Now all that's left is the most satisfying part: Affixing the mirrors onto the wall. Follow the below directions, and you'll have your very own home dance studio, saving you time and money whenever you want to rehearse, choreograph, or session.
Cut open the tip of a tube of Liquid Nails, load it into the caulk gun, and draw 3/8th inch diameter beads on the back of the cleaned mirror. Each bead should be about 6 inches apart from the next, and draw the beads at least 6 inches away from the edge. For me, I used about one and a half tubes for each of my large mirrors. Once you apply the Liquid Nails, you'll have 15 minutes to start mounting the mirror before it starts to dry.
Ok here we go: grab a muscular friend (or two average sized friends) and lift the mirror. You're going to rest the mirror on top of the spacer wood that I described previously. Slowly lean the mirror against the wall until it sits flush. You'll want to push the mirror into the wall, because the Liquid Nails tends to be pretty viscous. I devised the below bizarre setup to keep pressure against the mirrors so it stays against the wall. Essentially, I'm using chairs resting on non-slip bathmats, with heavy weights to apply a consistent pushing pressure against the mirrors.
If you are attaching multiple small mirrors using Liquid Nails, strips of duct tape holding the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.984444
Retrieved Text: Are you willing to discover how to remove acrylic nails at home? Our article reveals 4 various methods how to solve the same situation at home.
Nowadays there are plenty of women, who are fond of nail extension.
Such procedure is crystal clear – it definitely requires a qualified specialist.
Nevertheless, how should one act if he is eager to dispose of such “decoration”?
Ought you actually to turn to beauty salons once more and pay money again?
If you discover how to remove acrylic nails at home, it won’t be obligatory.
Cover the place, where the whole «operation» will be performed, by the newspapers.
Pick a big pot, fill it with the remover.
Mind you should only cover your nails.
Inwork Vaseline in nails and cuticles, put your fingers in the liquid.
Live it this way on 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, watch, lest your whole hand turned to be “drowned” there.
Meanwhile, acrylic is likely to soften and eventually separate.
An orange stick is likely to assist you in scraping it down and then you may dry hands taking a towel.
In case acrylic softened not very well, you’d better return in the remover and scrape it down using a wooden stick.
Be extremely accurate, lest you injured yourself.
After it, you’d better wash your hands in warm water and then use a clean towel.
A person is capable of disposing of a former manicure or at least what is left from it by means of a buff.
Rub in hydrating hand cream which has soothing effect.
This is how you avoid skin’s dryness or tightness.
Make your nails short by the nippers.
Cut them as short

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.917559
Retrieved Text: Favorite nail thickens, but the ability to purchase dye nails exactly the same color. What should I do? Dilute thickened nail Polish is the only possible in this case, the way to return it to its original condition. And it's real! So, take note of a few tips on how and what to dilute.
Why is the lacquer thickens and how to deal with it?
No matter how good and quality no matter your nail Polish, much money for him or would be paid, sooner or later it will begin to thicken and come into disrepair. The reason is that the bottle begins to evaporate the liquid part of the varnish. In fact, quality means different from simple and cheap in the first place so that it slowly thickens.
A period of relative stability varnishes can be different: some brands have already set in 1-1,5 months, while others remain liquid for a long time – up to 4-6 months.
There are various options for diluting the thickened varnish. But you can try to slow down this process in order not to resort to such ways. It is necessary to store the jars with paints in a cool and dark place. They can also be stored in the refrigerator.
Well, if the bottle of lacquer contains metal balls. Periodic shaking these balls is able to break the clots resulting from the storage of decorative lacquer. So, you will be able to keep it in liquid state.
How to rehabilitate thickened nail Polish?
But what if the varnish is thickens? What you can breed? Alternatively,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.809055
Retrieved Text: Why I prefer ** Gel nails ** over Acrylic nails?!
We’ve all spent hours as preteens and teenagers slathering on those cheap, sparkly polishes passed down from the other women in our families (or purchased on a whim after a lot of begging). But once you hit adulthood or need to prepare for your first formal event, most of us graduate into the world of artificial nails, either by treating ourselves to our first professional appointment or trying out a DIY experiment at home.
If you prioritise your nails now, then you’re likely familiar with the debate between the widely popular acrylic nail and the up and coming gel polish, both of which currently dominate the industry. And although both trends offer the possibility of artificial extensions, they have different application processes and are wildly diverse in terms of their individual pros and cons – which is why I’m going to go over just a few of the reasons why I prefer to use gel polish on my nails.
For starters, instead of just throwing the terms around, let’s identify the fundamental differences between these trends. Acrylic nails come in a few different forms, but I’ll be talking about the most common acrylic treatment today, which is when a monomer (a liquid) and a polymer (a powder) are mixed to create a thick paste. That is then formed over your nail (and usually an extension also) and requires time to air dry. Because you’re actually applying a form of plastic to your nails, this layer becomes very hard and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.589417
Retrieved Text: The Mariah Carey by OPI collection for Spring 2013 is a two-parter: Four 'studio' shades, and four 'stage' shades. The Stage shades are my favorite part of the collection for one predictable reason: glitter. Except these aren't just any glitter polishes, they're OPI's brand new Liquid Sand finish, which are glitter polishes meant to be worn without a topcoat to give "a never-before-seen look with a pebbled finish that lightly shimmers with fine glitter particles. Worn without top coat, Liquid Sand lacquer gives nails a unique textured matte finish."
OPI Liquid Sand Polish in Can't Let Go. This is a heavily blue-toned purple base with purple and blue microglitter, medium sized silver hexagon glitter and bumpy, sandy grit. The base on this one seems just a touch too opaque to let all the glitter shine through, but I think that's the effect they were going for.
OPI Liquid Sand Polish in Get Your Number. A sheer cool blue jelly base with opalescent microglitter and small, round hologram glitter. This one works pretty well both matte and glossy, but it is the sheerest of all the shades.
OPI Liquid Sand Polish in Stay The Night. A black creme base with small hot pink glitter and added sandy grit. I think this one would have more impact if it dried to a less-glossy finish. It looks good with topcoat, but without it, it just looks like your average lumpy glitter polish.
OPI Liquid Sand Polish in The Impossible. A bright pink-orange coral jelly base with silver, pink-red, and purple iridescent microglitter, medium

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.51152
Retrieved Text: Liquid lipstick is a unique formulation that goes on like a liquid gloss but dries to a long-wearing, matte lipstick formulation. The formulas can range from mousse-y and liquidy to slightly tacky... If you live in Kenya(and maybe abroad) you have seen the Nouba Millebaci craze. From the moment this liquid lipstick was worn by a popular fashion blogger, we all went bananas.It looked so gorgeous.
Love a good liquid lippie but HATE the feeling of dry, cracked lips? We hear ya! Although these little guys are ultra long-lasting, highly pigmented and perfect for on-the-go, they have a …... Our first item is Stila's Stay All Day Liquid Lipstick. One of the best liquid matte lipsticks, Still is very long-lasting and will not dry your lips out, nor peel or smear.
Liquid Lipsticks Tips To Avoid Dry Crinkled Raisin Lips How To Fix Dry Lips Raincoates Beauty Las These Are The 5 Lipstick Mistakes That You Should Stop Tips To Apply Lipstick Perfectly Beauty 10 Lipsticks That Won T Dry You Out We Promise Stylecaster How to apply lipstick on dry ed lips you diy lip scrub how to exfoliate lips get rid of dry ed how i hide dry and chapped lips with vampy... Finally, air dry or gently wipe dry with a clean tissue. Foundation If you use a liquid foundation in an open bottle that requires the use of your fingertip, then you have to pour out the very top portion of the foundation in order to clean it.
I know you can use Inglots Duraline

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.473724
Retrieved Text: An acrylic powder substitute in liquid gel form creating a natural nail enhancement cured underneath an UV lamp.
Hands soaked in a warm water bath, nails and cuticles groomed, finished with a hand and arm massage and hot steamed towel.
Relax in a Clean-Jet pipeless pedicure with Shiatsu massage chairs while toenails and cuticles are groomed , sole of feet and calluses smoothed, feet and legs massaged finished with a hot steamed towel.
A basic pedicure with lavender aroma therapy releasing tension and relaxation while exfoliating dead skin cells with a sea salt scrub, a moisturizing cooling mask. Finishing with skin smoothing lavender lotion.
A basic pedicure with herbal green tea supplements hydrates and detoxifies while exfoliating dead skin cells with green tea antioxidant scrub, a hydrating mask. Finishing with intense herbal moisturizing lotion.
A gel lacquer polished over natural nails aiding strength and growth of nails. Cures underneath a UV lamp and completely dry for a long lasting polish up to 2 weeks without chipping.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.36688
Retrieved Text: Age is quickly defied on hands. Unlike other parts of the body like the face, hands age very quickly.
Our hands do a lot for us. They allow us to touch, to feel, to grasp, to hold, to manipulate, and ultimately they help us to express ourselves. Even as we talk our hands assist us in conveying our message more clearly from the way we move them as we speak.
Our hands are one of the first things we notice when we meet someone.
A regular manicure will keep your nails tidy and hands clean. The importance of manicures is not only about how lovely your hands and nails will look, but also the purpose associated with it. Nails are manicured to prevent them from chipping and cracking. While cuticles are cared for with creams and oils to keep them soft and healthy.
A basic beauty treatment that nurtures the nail bed as well as the cuticles around.
manicure care treatment that is extended to the skin of the hand with a view to its deep hydration and regeneration. It noticeably softens the skin and gives it a unique smoothness.
It is a nail varnish hardened with UV light. An absolute novelty in the cosmetics market. Their use eliminates the problem of unaesthetic chipping paint on the nails of hands and feet. Ensure smooth and flawless effect, lasting for 2-3 weeks.
P.Shine a method that strengthens our natural nails giving them a gloss pink pearl. This unique manicure gives the nails with sparkle, and gives them the natural ingredients (including vitamins A and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.327492
Retrieved Text: Hey guys! I decided to include an extra nail art post this week because I had to put together something on my nails to do the photos for my Nail Art Hack | Alternative Cuticle Barrier post and I really liked what I did, so of course I had to share. If you haven't checked out that post, I think it's a pretty solid hack and something that some of you could probably use, particularly at this time of year. For the nails, I wanted to do a look that really, really required the cuticle barrier, so I opted for a smoosh mani with stamping, since it would be pretty messy without the help of the liquid latex.
Keep reading for more on this look!
For this mani, I started with one thin coat of TiVoli Metallic Silver polish and let it dry completely. I applied my liquid latex around the cuticles and then put together the shades for my smoosh. Along with the metallic silver polish, I dotted Ceramic Glaze Pure (white créme), Essie Lace To The Altar (sheer shimmery white), and Sally Hansen Insta-Dri Grease Lightning (cool toned dark grey créme) onto a large stamper. In order to get a good smoosh, I made sure that I kept the white shades dominant and only added a little of the darker shades so thatthey didn't take over the look. I dabbed the polish onto each nail until I got the look I wanted and then let my nails dry completely.
Once the base was dry, I again applied

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.200012
Retrieved Text: Manicure makes the hand look prettier and more alluring. However, there is a number of bad habits that we do unknowingly that wreck our manicure. Learn more about these habits to avoid blowing away your beauty sessions.
There is no worse thing you can do to your manicure than not allowing it enough time to dry. It is the most common mistake we do with our manicure and it absloutely ruins it for us. Remember those last-minute manicure applications? Can you recall any of them succeeding? That’s because we never let them dry properly.
Manicure is not made to endure the dishwashing detergents or the laundry soap. Those chemicals are drastically harsh on your skin, nails and even your manicure. Make it your habbit to always wear a dry rubber glove while doing the dishes or cleaning anything with detergents. Make sure your rubber glove is dry before you wear it and so is your hand but why? If not, the moist and the friction can cause the glove to work against you and your manicure will be ruined.
Cutting your cuticles damages your nails and makes you manicure chip easier. Just ignoring them also is not the way to solve either. Instead, you should use a pushing tool to push them back. Also, make it a habit to massage your cuticles with some cuticle oil every night before going to bed.
Sometimes, we skip the top coat phase to shorten the process and it backfires. The top coat strengthens brittle nails and protect them from damage.
How many coats should

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.073988
Retrieved Text: Whether you prefer your nails to be long or short, they can still look stunning with a little know-how.
1. Wash and dry your hands.
2. Using a double-sided emery board, file nails using a gentle stroke. Avoid corners of your nails as this can weaken them.
3. Begin to shape your nails. The most popular shape to use is oval, but choose what is most suited to your hand and finger shape.
4. Check to see how well you have done. Run your nails over an old pair of pantyhose. Your nails should not snag the hose.
5. Apply a softener to your cuticles. Allow to site for a minute or so.
6.Transfer hands to a bowl of warm water and soak for an additional few minutes.
7. Gently push back the cuticles. This should not be painful. If hangnails are present, carefully clip them.
8. Apply hand lotion and begin to massage the palm of your hand with the thumb of your other hand. This will help to circulate the blood. Work your way over the remainder of the hand and then repeat giving equal time to the other hand.
9. Before color is applied to nails, they must be cleaned and the easiest way to do this is with an orange stick that has been wrapped with cotton. Dip into nail polish remover and then rub over the surface of the nail. Check the nail for any creamy residue. When none remains, your nails will be ready for polishing.
10. Time for color. Pick up a small amount of polish on your brush

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.99842
Retrieved Text: Despite the obvious advantages of building, the procedure has a number of clear contra-indications.
First of all, buildup is contraindicated in fungal nail lesions. Extension is possible only after full recovery.
Mechanical damage to nails and cuticles. For example, even an edging manicure can be an obstacle to building. That is why Manicure procedure should be held at least 2-3 days before the build-up, or give preference to the unedged manicure.
Some diseases of the digestive,Endocrine, excretory systems, as well as taking antibiotics, the passage of chemotherapy can lead to the fact that artificial nails will not "hold on". Before building up, it is necessary to inform the master about this or that medical problem. This will help make the right decision about the appropriateness of the procedure and the choice of material for building. By the way, if artificial nails are broken off a few days after the build-up, then this may indicate a latent disease (or illiterate build-up).
Augmentation is not recommended during pregnancy,Especially if the woman suffers from increased sensitivity to the materials used. Also, do not decide to re-build, if you are allergic to Methacrylates.
What you need to know about methacrylate. By chemical nature, materials for building upNails are referred to the group of methacrylates. These substances have long been used in the chemical industry, but the study of the effects of methacrylates on the skin began relatively recently. It was shown that Regular exposure to methacrylates leads to the development of allergies: the skin becomes dry, flakes, reddens. The inhalation of methacrylate vapors irritatesNasopharynx, and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.998075
Retrieved Text: wikiHow is a “wiki,” similar to Wikipedia, which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors. To create this article, 111 people, some anonymous, worked to edit and improve it over time. Together, they cited 8 references.
A fresh, beautifully done manicure helps you look clean and put together. But professional manicures can be expensive and time-consuming. Why go to the salon when you can give yourself a perfect manicure at home? Read on, to learn how.
Set up your workspace. Nail polish and remover can damage many surfaces such as cloth, wood finish and plastic. Wear an expendable t-shirt and no valuable accessories, sit at a desk or table, and protect it with scrap paper (not newsprint, which smudges). Make sure the table itself and anything near it is not particularly valuable or important to keep perfect because there might be a spatter or spill soaking through. You might not want to work near a computer, for instance.
Remove your old nail polish. Use nail polish remover and cotton balls or swabs. Some kinds of nail polish remover may dry the areas on your nails and around them. You may wish to find one that doesn't do this as much, but do not be concerned unless you have a severe allergic reaction.
If you have and wish to keep fake nails, such as acrylic, choose a polish that will not remove them, and don't let it soak much.
Unless you use it once a month or less, don't use a nail polish remover with acetone in it.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.979498
Retrieved Text: Fashion and beauty: Style tips, fashion trends for the best looking and confident you.
Liquid lipsticks are in vogue, becoming more and more popular by the day. It is a fun and fresh change from the classic version of lipsticks. Just about every brand has their collection of 100 shades.Here are 5 benefits of liquid lipsticks no one told you about.
Simple tips and tricks can help you get the most out of your best perfume. Follow these tips to make your perfume last longer than it usually does.
Many things in your wardrobe can be very harmful. Some fashion items which are a part of your daily routine can affect your health in many ways. Know five fashion items that may ruin your health.
Beautiful eyes make you more attractive. Every girl loves to have perfect eyes. When you want to flaunt perfect eyes, eye makeup is the best solution. Before making it a daily ritual you should be aware of the possible harmful effects they can give to your eyes. Know do&rsquo;s and don&rsquo;ts of using eye makeup.
Eyebrows give definition to your face - thicker the eyebrows, more beautiful you will look. Read on to know how to grow your eyebrows thicker.
Looking at the recent trends, every woman out there wishes to have perfect nails with colourful nail enamel on them. Here are some of the easiest home remedies that will help you fulfil your dream of flaunting perfect nails.
When you have a sensitive skin, nothing could be better than natural moisturizers. Here are some natural moisturizers for

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.822773
Retrieved Text: Our hands give us all the information: how much we are doing as much work done on the house as well take care of themselves. If manicure is correct, then it will cease to take too much time, and the handle will always look neat and sleek.
Of course, if there is a need to bring in armsthe order completely, you need to start with giving the desired shape and nail cuticle removal. Remember that nails do not become brittle, they should be to file before lowered into the water. After the manicure is over, you are ready to nail polishing.
Prepare the working place which willpaint your nails. It should be well lit, direct hands on light table light bulb. Put a few of ear cotton sticks, toothpicks, cotton pads and, of course, the nail polish remover. If you are not preceded today full coverage nail polish, add also sticks to the cuticle and nail file.
To make it easier was to remove uneven cash lacquercuticles should start to treat your hands with a nourishing cream. At the same time you can spend for themselves a simple hand massage that will allow them to look even better than before. But in any case, do not leave the program and cream to the nail plate - it is fraught with the fact that the nail does not lie flat and long on the nails is not delayed.
Hence the next step: degreasing nails. Dip a cotton ball in nail polish remover and thoroughly clean them every nail. So the nails

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.818573
Retrieved Text: Hey beauties! September is almost here and besides dreaming of pumpkin spice lattes (ok- pumpkin everything) and fashion week, that means one thing: it’s time to go BACK TO SCHOOL! While it’s a no brainer that nails go side by side with your hair, makeup and outfit for that first day back, it can be tricky to nail down the perfect (Instagram-worthy) look.
To help you decide, I teamed up with Sally Hansen to create four, super easy nail looks! I used shades from their Miracle Gel line to ensure long-lasting, gel-like shine – easily removed with regular nail polish remover, which basically means less stress for you! The zero-light Miracle Gel system takes only two easy steps to create super chip-resistant colour that can last up to two weeks! The brushes are amazing and align perfectly with your cuticle making any clean up virtually unnecessary. Also, did you know that Canada has over 70 shades of Miracle Gel? Trust me, you’ll never get bored – the nail art possibilities are endless!
My tips? Make sure your nails are completely dry and bare before starting; I like to use a quick swipe of nail polish remover to help ensure this. If doing a gradient design, you can apply liquid-latex or tape to the area surrounding your nail so clean up will be easier.
I hope that these looks have helped inspire you guys! I know that this time of year is already stressful enough without worrying about how you’re going to style your nails.
Sally Hansen Miracle Gel nail polishes

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.619791
Retrieved Text: Fungal Toenails is an infection of the bed and plate underlying the surface of the nail and is caused by various types of fungi, which are found in every environment. A toenail that is infected by fungus usually turns white or yellow. You may notice that the nail also get thicker and be more foul smelling. This infection is easily spreadable to other toenails, the skin and even the fingernails.
Toenails are especially vulnerable around damp areas where people are likely to be walking barefoot, such as swimming pools, locker rooms and showers. This can also happen from wearing sweaty shoes often. Shoes create a dark moist environment that allows fungus to grow easier and more rapidly.
Toenail fungus is hard to treat and can take a long time to heal all affected areas. The fungal nails can also return after it is cleared. If the infection is very bad, or if it causes a lot of pain, you may need to have the nail removed.
Take any OTC products or medication exactly as they are prescribed.
If the doctor gives you a cream, liquid or lacquer; apply to your toenail exactly as directed.
Wash your feet often, ad wash your hands after touching your feet.
Keep your toenails clean and dry. Dry your feet completely after you bathe and before you put on shoes and socks.
Change socks often. Wear dry socks that absorb moisture.
Use a spray or powder that fights fungus on your feet and in your shoes.
Do not pick at the skin around your nails.
Do not use nail polish or

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.61255
Retrieved Text: Today's 31 Day Challenge prompt is "inspired by a flag" and I decided to create a variation on the American flag using textured polishes. It's pretty simple in concept and in execution and yet it has a fancy end result!
This look was created by starting with a base of OPI My Vampire is Buff. I figured the textured polishes would get a little faded after sponging them on, so I chose an off-white base to go along with the faded style.
After letting my base dry completely, I placed striping tape going down my nails, creating a sort of half moon shape near the cuticle. Then, I painted OPI Get Your Number and OPI Magazine Cover Mouse on to a triangle makeup wedge. I use it to do two rounds of sponging over the tape, and then removed the tape to reveal the off-white stripes.
TIP: Remember to block off your fingers to protect them from the mess. Dry Elmer's glue, tape, or Liquid Palisade are all great options!
Tape nail art using textured polishes is always really intriguing to me. The combination of smooth and rough in one manicure is so delectable!
My flag nails from 2012!
My flag nails from 2011!
This looks sooo cool! I love how it looks even more textured than when the liquid sands are normally applied- is that because you used a sponge?
this is more than great!!!
This is awesome! I love how it turned out.
This looks so cool! Love the way it looks!
What is this sponge technique you're talking about?
That is really impressive! Even the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.533625
Retrieved Text: I can't believe Valentine's Day is next week!
Like I said in my previous post, it seems like it was just Christmas.
An extra day and reason to spread some love and sweetness to your friends, family and spouse/significant other makes my heart smile!
I love to do my nails, wear clothing that is themed and even match my lipstick to the holiday we are celebrating.
Sally Hansen and Rimmel London have partnered with me for this feature, as we take their Insta-Dri nail polishes and their Stay Matte Liquid Lip Colour in reds and pinks...for a VALENTINE'S DAY INSPIRED LOOK!
I painted my nails with the ASAP Apple Red and the Watermelon Wizz Pink Insta-Dri Sally Hansen polishes. I used the Watermelon Fizz color as the accent nail (my ring finger). The thing I absolutely love about this polish is how well it covers and how VERY QUICK it dries.
The name is definitely correct!
I did two coats of polish, five minutes before leaving to pick my kids up from school today and it was dry before I got in the car.
The Stay Matte "Fire Starter" Liquid Lip Colour from Rimmel London is also the perfect RED lip color to achieve your Valentine's Day look. This color is perfect for casual or even dressier "date night" looks. But hey, not gonna lie, it's a pretty bold look even in the school pick up line on a Friday afternoon. My oldest son told me, "red looks good on you"! The best part? This color stays on and doesn't fade throughout the day.

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: Sentence: To get the best deal at amusement parks,

Choice 1: buy a seasonal pass, so you can go all winter long for one discounted rate.

Choice 2: buy a seasonal pass, so you can go all summer long for one discounted rate.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.454304
Retrieved Text: – amusement parks in pennsylvania a new spin on visitpa pennsylvania has amusement parks of all shapes and sizes here are more to check out carousel water & fun park this pocono mountains destination has it all – water slides a wading pool bumper boats go karts mini golf a game room and a snack bar pa amusement parks association wel e to papa the pa amusement parks association is your connection to amusement parks and attractions in pennsylvania today with over 80 members in the amusement parks attractions suppliers and manufacturers area the association continues to grow stronger .
– delgrosso s amusement park [1120 1364] old route 220 delgrosso s amusement park located in the allegheny mountains in central pennsylvania offers a variety of entertainment and dining options to visitors best amusement parks the united states tripadvisor tripadvisor travelers choice awards find out what the best amusement parks in the united states are as awarded by millions of real travelers amusement park in pa get two great parks for the price of one at dorney park there s so much to do here that you ll see why it s one of the best amusement parks in pa visit today 10 best family friendly amusement parks in the u s providing picture perfect moments and memories to last a lifetime amusement parks are ideal places for family fun but not all parks are designed for smaller visitors .
Related Post "30 Elegant Pennsylvania Amusement Parks Map"

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.62157
Retrieved Text: One of the most thrilling and enjoyable place that one could go to are amusement parks. They have different attractions for different kind of ages. Everyone is welcome to be there and entertain their selves in the different rides or activities available. Do not underestimate the amusement parks because although it’s not a mirror of a beautiful natural park but it gives you exciting feelings to get involved in it and pay attention to different varieties and ways to have fun with your friends or family. It will surely make great memories together.
Famous rides such as Merry go round, Ferris-wheels and Roller Coasters are the best ones to ride on in amusement parks. They have different kind of thrill for different peoples own liking. Since some are afraid of fast rides. They are welcome to enjoy rides that are mellow and good as well to experience for the children too. Some rides may have height limits since it is for the best. Safety is always first. What’s awesome is that you could even rent some of your favourite rides from there. Some have dodgem car hire and you could just pay them to have it for quite some time in your own and the venue you want it be placed at.
That will be truly amazing to have and one that you will look forward to get. Dodgem cars for hire may require more space but if you already have a place in mind where it will fit perfectly then it won’t be a problem for you.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.699816
Retrieved Text: Set gracefully on two acres at the foot of a gently sloping mountain next to the Knoebels Amusement Resort, this elegant country house awaits you and your entire family and provides the perfect lodging and vacation experience. Just walk across the street from the house and step inside Knoebels Amusement Resort. Knoebels 3 Ponds Golf Course is in stone-throwing distance as well. Also, there are countless craft & antique shops nearby which means you'll find something for everyone at this vacation spot.
enjoy a vacation somewhere safe, spacious, and fun.
Knoebels Amusement Resort is a family-owned and operated amusement park, picnic grove, and campground in Elysburg, Pennsylvania. It is and has been America's largest free-admission park for 89 years of operation. Opened in 1926, the park has more than 60 rides, two wooden roller coasters, a 1913 carousel, and a haunted house dark ride. The park and its rides have won awards from organizations such as Amusement Today, American Coaster Enthusiasts, and the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions. In 2014, Travel Channel rated Knoebels number 2 out of their Top 10 Family Friendly Amusement Parks in the United States.
The Gentleman's Farmhouse is the perfect spot for your family vacation! Located on Campground Road, overlooking Knoebels Campground and Amusement Park. The house is beautifully located behind Knoebels Campgrounds which offers private and safe lodging for your family! Plus an amazing view of Knoebels Park! The Farm House's spaciousness is amazing and great for large families. With air conditioned, 5 beautiful bedrooms, 3+ bathrooms, fully stocked kitchen, dining

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.500786
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for Ferris wheel for sale with high quality and in affordable price at your amusement parks? Do you want to invest on some Ferris wheel ride for sale? You may want to know how much does a Ferris wheel cost. Welcome to buy a Ferris wheel at your amusement parks from Beston Group. We supply many different kinds of children’s Ferris wheel for sale, such as, mini Ferris wheel for sale, small Ferris wheel for sale, portable Ferris wheel for sale, double Ferris wheel for sale, portable Ferris wheel for sale, miniature Ferris wheel for sale and backyard Ferris wheel for sale in cheap at kids amusement parks. Beston also supply giant Ferris wheel for sale, vintage Ferris wheel for sale, antique Ferris wheel for sale and carnival Ferris wheel for sale for parks as an observation rides. If you are interested with Beston Ferris wheel for sale, please contact us from our website.
Giant Ferris wheel for sale in Beston Group. Beston supply different kinds of Ferris wheel for sale with different height at amusement parks. Giant Ferris wheel is an observation sightseeing rides so this ride also have another name – observation wheel in some theme parks. With beautiful and brilliant appearance, this rides always attract passengers to have fun with families and friends when they come to a park. If you are running an amusement parks, giant Ferris wheel is one ride that you should invest on. If you are interested with giant Ferris wheel for sale from Beston Group, please

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.46511
Retrieved Text: DEAL 2018 is the largest show in the amusement industry that is held closer to the African region. The show aims to provide an effective platform for the stakeholders within the African leisure, entertainment and amusement sector, as per International Expo Consults, the organisers of the show. Recent developments in the countries within the African continent have created the necessary demand for the leisure amusement industry operators.
“The amusement industry stakeholders including mall owners, retail operators, consultants and developers in Africa will immensely benefit by visiting the show in April this year. Each year we see a large representation of African trade visitors who visit our show to understand the on-ground industry developments. They strike deals with operators from across the globe that are present at our show. DEAL has been shaping the industry for close to two and a half decades and has made significant inroads and shaped several markets globally,” said Mr. Sharif Rahman, CEO, IEC.
Africa’s population is set to grow to 2.3 billion by 2050. In contrast to the rest of the world, however, its booming population is getting younger. African millennials are changing their consumer spending patterns, from markets to malls, where they can eat, socialize and get entertained at Family Entertainment Centers (FECs) apart from shopping. Also, there have been key amusement parks in Egypt, Nigeria, Tunisia and South Africa which have attracted people around the African region and the concept is fast catching up within the other countries.
FECs are mini theme-parks and are a collection of more than one attraction including

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.267643
Retrieved Text: Family fun holidays are usually visiting amusement parks or theme parks, such as Six Flags or Disneyland. Even though these are fantastic destinations for households with kids and teenagers, adults may enjoy them also.
Many theme parks have areas especially designed to appeal to various age classes. A good deal of these parks cater to the adults and people that are less physically healthy as the children.
A favorite theme park which incorporates a small something for everybody is Cedar Point, that is a massive roller coaster park in Sandusky, Ohio, USA. You can visit theme parks for school holiday activities in gold coast.
For so many young men and women that are mad for coasters, this is their dream vacation destination. But even in the event that you don't like riding roller coastersor are unable to ride, this park remains a great deal of fun.
Since families are available in all sizes and shapes, a fantastic theme park provides something for everybody. Appreciate the pre-school fairy tale themed places, the dare-devil high voltage coasters, or shoot at a stage show from the air-conditioned theatre.
Grandparents will have fun seeing the older children ride the intense rides. In addition, for all those seniors that are ready and capable, they may enjoy the rides together with the grandkids.
Many amusement parks and theme parks are frequently associated with some lesser price places to remain nearby or onsite.
Re-group in a meeting location for supper and night fun. Being in a position to divide daily can refresh some household members.
If they reunite to match up

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.216227
Retrieved Text: New and interesting amusement park rides for sale – Modern Time Rides for sale is hot selling here in Beston. Modern time rides is a typical amusement park rides can be used in some outdoor carnival parks, funfair parks, large playground and theme parks. Beston modern time rides is a multi-functional amusement rides and is very easy to operate. This ride can be regarded as a family rides for amusement parks. The ride is designed in gorgeous and antique style and decorated with many beautiful LED lights. It became one of the most popular amusement park rides in China during this years. If you are interested with this ride, please contact Beston Group, we will reply you as soon as possible!
What is a Modern Time Rides for Amusement Parks?
First of all, this ride is a rotating swing rides in amusement parks. It is very similar with paratrooper ride or samba balloon rides in Beston Group. With the same working principle, modern time rides are very suitable for all ages’ people to play on it. Like samba balloon rides, modern time rides have a fixed axis in the middle and 6 carriages. Each carriage can load 1-2 passengers at the same time. With beautiful LED lights decorations, this ride is very attractive and pretty beautiful in the night as well. Beston modern time amusement park rides for sale is in good quality and affordable price, welcome to buy this ride from our company.
High quality and affordable price. Beston use Fiber Reinforced Plastic as the original material, this

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.804327
Retrieved Text: A day at an amusement or theme park is supposed to be fun for the whole family. Whether it's a resort, or just a day trip, amusement parks are places where people can get their thrills on a rollercoaster, get spun around on rides, and play games. But sometimes, these fun days can turn very dangerous, and people end up getting hurt on amusement and theme park rides. This is when you need a good personal injury lawyer. This is when you need Guster Law Firm, LLC.
If you or someone you love is injured at an amusement or theme park, the first thing you'll want to know is what caused it. But in an amusement park, there are so many things that can go wrong, and it can be difficult to determine the cause.
With all these causes and more of amusement park injuries, it's nearly impossible for the untrained eye to be able to determine what the cause of the accident was. At Guster Law Firm, LLC, we have the experience that lets us easily determine the cause and if we can't, we'll inspect the area where the injury occurred to try and figure it out for you.
These are serious injuries, and they can be life-changing. You'll need compensation to deal with the medical bills, loss of income from the injured party, and you might even be eligible for punitive damages for emotional stress. In order to get what you deserve though, you'll need the right attorney to represent you in court.
Amusement park owners and operators

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.59073
Retrieved Text: Get advance tickets to the best amusement parks and theme parks in Japan. Find special plans for Tokyo Disney, Universal Studios Japan (USJ), Madame Tussauds, Space World and more! Get your entry ticket and book transport and accommodation at the same time.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.538439
Retrieved Text: Travel agents say it best - wear comfortable clothing and shoes at the theme or amusement parks. That's simple enough, but which clothing or shoes are really comfortable to wear on a day you're going to ride several attractions, especially if you're going to get wet on some river rapids ride?
The most common clothing I've seen in the first few theme and amusement park trips were the mundane shirts and shorts (with fanny packs). Nowadays, people go beyond the usual ensemble - some too macho and some too skimpy. On cooler days, most of them wear light jackets or sweatshirts and jeans - not much of the usual theme park attire, isn't it?
While amusement and theme parks are usually in business for the summer, there are a growing number of year-round ones. (I'm not counting indoor ones!) Good examples of perennial theme parks are the ones located in Central Florida. There, falls and springs are mild, winters are cool (albeit sometimes cold), and summers are as hot as an overheated sauna.
To know how to dress for the parks, consider those seasons and pick out appropriate clothing. If you don't know what I mean, see my below pointers on the right clothes to wear.
For the sake of your tendons, joints, and skin of your feet, flip flops and sandals just won’t do for your day at the theme or amusement park! I recommend that you wear water shoes with some tread like this one because some of them have good arch support and all of them are

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.347185
Retrieved Text: Kiddie rides, one of the most popular amusement park rides for kids in Beston Amusement. We have many types of kiddie rides for sale in 2017, we had exported many sets of kiddie amusement rides to Australia and we still have some new amusement rides orders from our Australia Customers. Beston is one of the largest and professional kiddie rides manufacturer in the amusement rides industry who was involved in this industry for more than 10 years.
There are many types of track rides for kids which including electric track trains, dragon roller coasters, green slide roller coaster, crazy car roller coaster and so on. All of these track train for kids from Beston Amusement could be customized, you could custom track length of the track, color of the equipment or even quantity of the cabins according to your requirement. You can discuss with our sales manager your detailed requirement about the rides you need.
Spinning rides ranked 1st in the amusement rides industry. Almost each kind of rides could rotate. For example, samba balloon rides, carousel rides, swing rides, self-control rides, etc. These spinning rides do not goes past which is suitable for kids. Other rides for kids, please contact us directly or click the homepage.
As we all know that amusement parks, funfairs, family centers are popular and suitable for tourists with all ages. But these places got more popular and attractive to kids/children. Kids love to have fun in the amusement park, they love novel things and they love to play with the new amusement park

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.308567
Retrieved Text: Amusement & Water Parks in Arlington, Texas - Amusement & Water Parks in Arlington, TX: Yellow Pages Directory Inc.
Amusement and water parks are commercially operated parks with food stalls, enjoyable rides and shows for fun and recreational use. In Arlington, many amusement parks are organized around some theme. Water parks mainly have various kinds of water rides in Arlington. Some water rides are usually gentler and shorter than roller coasters, and many are suitable for all ages. Water rides are especially popular on hot summer days. Water parks, as the name speaks, include more of water, that need you to get wet but knowing how to swim is not so necessary, while amusement parks may only have dry rides.
Amusement parks in Arlingtongenerate a portion of their income through the sale of food and drink to their patrons while many restaurants and food stands are operated by the amusement parks themselves, while others are branches of regional or national chains. We can also find many theme parks based on water, which are termed as water parks. Even many amusement parks have a different section for water rides along with usual fun rides, so that all age group people can enjoy their time.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.303993
Retrieved Text: We are looking for a Corporate Sales Consultant for a Multinational Corporate Training Organization servicing Fortune 500 clientele across the globe. Mail your updated resume with recent photograph on priyanka@netsyscon.net or call 9969363905.
Corporate Sales Executive – India’s Largest Amusement Park Group.
We are looking for a Corporate Sales Executive for India’s Largest Amusement Park Group. Our Client belongs to the Group of companies, which owns and operates two amusement parks #1 is the largest amusement park in the country & #2 is one of the largest Theme Water Parks in Asia. Mail your application to onkar@netsyscon.net or call 9773412472.
Works closely with the Marketing and Communications department.
2-4 years of experience in B2B /Corporate sales.
Excellent Organizational skills with the ability to work to tight deadlines whilst working under pressure.
Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to deal with customers at all levels – both internal and external.
You will be responsible to manage the relationship throughout their decision making process.
Minimum 4 years of experience with Skills like Business Development, Corporate Sales, Concept Selling to Big Corporate.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.300606
Retrieved Text: Amusement Parks or the theme parks are the parks which contain games and rides to entertain people of all ages. This is the best place for enjoyment because it contains everything which is needed for fun and enjoyment. The theme park contains rides and games for all ages and even for old people so that it attracts people of all ages. It is the best place for spending with your family instead of going to theatres, shopping malls, etc. You can spend the whole day in the theme park.
EVP World Theme Park is one of the new theme parks in Chennai started by the EVP group of companies. This is located in the Chennai-Bangalore highway. This amusement park has got a number of games and rides. There are lots of water games and the highlight of this park is the Laser show at 6.30 PM in the evening. EVP world has got about 15 food courts in which the rate of the food is reasonable.
MGM Dizee World Theme park is one of the most popular theme parks which is located in the Muttukadu region of Chennai city. This park has got lots of fun rides which will be enjoyed by both the adults and the kids. It has got good toilet facilties, car parking facility and also hygienic restaurants. It will be the best place to enjoy with the family.
Timings of MGM Dizee world : 10.00 a.m. to 7.30 p.m. on all days except Wednesdays.
Mobile number: 9500063716 / 9500063717.
Queensland Theme Park is one of the best

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.269892
Retrieved Text: Host J.D. Scott crisscrosses Florida in search of adventure (and mermaids).
J.D. Scott gets wet at three of America's craziest waterparks.
Get your heart racing with rides on three next-generation roller coasters.
Learn the inside scoop about the wildest wooden coasters in Pennsylvania.
Check out some of JD's favorite rides and the most over-the-top attractions from the show.
JD Scott has appeared on-screen alongside brothers, Drew and Jonathan, in various shows. He is the online host of HGTV’s behind the scenes coverage for Brother Vs.Brother and will be seen on a new HGTV series, Property Brothers at Home. JD is also the host of All-American Amusement Parks.
J.D. Scott visits America's best amusement parks in pursuit of thrills, chills... and funnel cake. Follow along as he joins theme park enthusiasts on some of the wildest roller coasters, the wettest water slides and the most extreme attractions in the country. You'll want to be in the front car for the ultimate ride through All-American Amusement Parks.
Things are about to get wild in the sunshine state! We take a trip to see the most exotic animal parks Florida has to offer. From the vicious gators at Gatorland to the mythical mermaids of Weeki Wachee to the wild animals - and rides!- at Busch Gardens. Who has the most vicious beasts? Closest close encounter with a wild animal? Most beautiful mythical creatures?
We take a trip to a tropical paradise in the middle of... Wisconsin? We will see where the local cheese heads get their fix of water sliding, swimming and surfing. And then head to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.261114
Retrieved Text: As spring and summer approach, many families begin to talk about their vacation plans. Often, these plans include a visit to one of the more than 400 amusement parks and attractions in the U.S.
Although designed for fun and excitement, a trip to an amusement park can be challenging and frustrating for someone with limb loss. Each year, the Amputee Coalition’s National Limb Loss Resource Center receives reports from people with limb loss about parks denying them access to rides and other attractions. Some individuals report being ordered off a ride even after they have been seated.
It is best to be informed about the park’s ride rules before you arrive at an amusement park. You have spent your hard-earned vacation time and money to get there; the last thing you want is to be disappointed. This fact sheet will provide you with information on what to consider, as a person with limb loss, before including an amusement park as part of your vacation plans.
All recreation facilities in the U.S. are mandated by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). The ADA is a comprehensive civil rights law that prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability. The ADA requires that newly constructed and altered state and local government facilities, places of public accommodation and commercial facilities are readily accessible to and functional for individuals with disabilities. The ADA Accessibility Guidelines establish the standard applied to buildings and facilities. Recreational facilities, including amusement park rides, are required to comply with the ADA.
Although all amusement parks are mandated to comply with

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.219599
Retrieved Text: However, the type of ticket your child can get for free will depend on. No water park is complete without a wave pool, and here at the LEGOLAND Water Park you can find just that.
Admission to LEGOLAND Water Park is available only with admission to LEGOLAND Florida.The Legoland Water Park is the best reason to buy a Merlin annual pass.
The free ticket will include Legoland and all attractions open on the given date, like Sea Life Aquarium and the water park.Tatjana K, Manager - Product Excellence at LEGOLAND Water Park, responded to this review Responded November 19, 2018 Hello fb132016, Thank you for your positive review about our Water Park.It has several amusement parks in different locations such as California, Florida, Dubai, Denmark, Deutschland, Malaysia, and Windsor.A few water rides and a water playground are included in the basic LEGOLAND ticket. LEGOLAND Water Park is open daily from 9 March-2 September and daily except Tuesdays and Wednesdays between 3 September and 27 October.
The Legoland water park is smaller than a typical stand-alone water park but still packs a punch of fun.
With 15,000 LEGO models made from over 60 million LEGO bricks, 6 themed lands and a mix of indoor and outdoor attractions, the park has something to offer everyone in the family.This super popular resort includes an interactive, 150-acre theme park with more than 50 rides, shows and attractions, a world-famous.This wave pool starts out shallow and gradually gets deeper, just like the beach.
Water Park visit requires same-day admission to LEGOLAND, and is open seasonally.
They are

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.159449
Retrieved Text: It's summertime and families can now get the chance to spend time together especially during vacations. The amusement parks present an excellent opportunity since it’s a destination that is filled with lots of different attractions, rides and various other events that allow people to enjoy themselves during a vacation. It's important to note that the amusement parks often have fixed location as when compared to the traveling carnivals. Besides that, for families, amusement parks presents the best option for enjoying the holidays since they are more elaborate and simple than playgrounds or even city parks, thereby meaning that they have several attractions meant for all age groups in the family. Moreover, the theme parks are often also customized with various additions that make them ideal for family vacations as well as for anyone seeking to have the best time with their family, especially during the holidays.
A significant portion of amusement parks has evolved over the years from European fairs and pleasure gardens, which were primarily meant for family recreation. The various expositions and world fairs were regarded as a huge influence in the development of the amusement park world. These locations present the ideal destination for family vacations, surprise your man while celebrating the day dedicated to love with the ideas at valentinesgiftsforhim.com.au or perhaps the ideal location to engage with friends since they often feature various exciting locations and additions. For instance, you are likely to come across various buildings, landscaping, themed rides, games and attractions as well. Some of the earliest and most popular

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.03789
Retrieved Text: There are 23 amusement parks found in Orlando, FL. This is 23% of all the tourist places listed in this city. The major types of amusement parks listed here are theme parks and water parks. You may find a list of all categories of Orlando attractions on this page to choose from.
As the Theme Park Capital of the World, Orlando certainly lives up to its name, offering more than 10 attractions for everyone in the family, regardless of age, to enjoy. If you are not sure where to go, we can help you figure out which of the top amusement parks in Orlando you should try to check. Hint: We recommend that you visit all!
Universal Studios Orlando is always on the top of the list especially for the movie buffs. The Universal Studios Islands of Adventure is also the best way to see one’s favorite movie characters alive and in person. For those traveling with kids, nothing beats going to Disney’s Magic Kingdom, Legoland Florida and Epcot. If you are interested in animals, a visit to Aquatica Orlando, Disney’s Animal Kingdom and SeaWorld Orlando are well worth it. Other places to check out are Old Town, Disney’s River Country, Discovery Cove and Wet ‘n Wild Orlando.
Find amusement parks in Orlando and nearby locations using the following map.
Following is the list of all amusement parks found in Orlando. The amusement parks are sorted by their popularity, which is calculated based on the number of visitors, user ratings and couple of other factors. You may sort them alphabetiacally

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.017738
Retrieved Text: Below is the list of Best Amusement Parks in Texas. The number one amusement park is Six Flags Fiesta in West San Antonio. The next few amusement parks in the top 5 are Schlitterbahn Water Park in , Six Flags Over Texas in Arlington, Moody Gardens in Galveston and Schlitterbahn Beach Waterpark in South Padre Island. Worth mentioning are Wonderland Park, Joyland Amusement Park. For more amusement parks in Texas see the city links below including Houston.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.002687
Retrieved Text: Summer is in full swing, which means amusement parks are as well. It’s that time of the year when a good experience could mean a season pass purchase but a bad experience could mean a nasty review – or worse, a lawsuit.
Knowing how to protect amusement park guests is more complicated than it seems.
How can you protect amusement park guests? The first thing you can do is ensure a safe environment. This gives guests the best chance to have a fun and memorable experience at your park.
The first step to creating a safe environment for guests is to clearly mark restricted areas. This way, there is no confusion for guests who step outside the bounds of safety.
This also goes for smoking areas as well. Make sure designated smoking areas are easily identifiable throughout the park. It is also advised to ensure they are far enough away from main areas and attractions.
It’s important for your entire staff to know how to protect amusement park guests. That being said, it’s critical to ensure there are enough qualified staff members in both the security and medical departments.
This not only will ensure enough support for any sort of negative incident, but it will also make park guests feel safer.
Lightning alert systems are a great investment for amusement parks when it comes to protecting guests. Especially during the summer months, thunderstorms, heavy rains, and high winds threaten amusement park goers. Know when to close taller rides and when to instruct guests to move to safety with an unmistakable horn system that

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.888783
Retrieved Text: Wonderla offers 10% off your purchase.
Redeem this Rs250 off Wonderla code.
Max. Cashback up to Rs. 1000. Code valid for only one transaction per user.
Click this deal to take 10% off from Wonderla.
10% discount in stay is applicable only on Friday, Saturdays and days prior to public holiday. 20% discount on all other days. Discount applicable on maximum of 2 rooms in presence of card holder & nominee.
Wonderla offers 35% off your purchase.
This offer ends on 06/09/2019.
Customers will take 10% off at Wonderla.
Get 15% off when you shop from Wonderla.
F&B discount applicable only fo rcooked foos.
Wonderla is offering 10% off your favorite items.
Limited to maximum of 3 upgrades in 2 years.
Click this deal to take 20% off from Wonderla.
Weekends / public holiday / festival season: 15% off; Unlimited number of visits; Applicable only on full value adult tickets.
Customers will take 15% off at Wonderla.
Weekends / public holiday / festival season: 10% off; Limited to 6 tickets per day, 20 per year; Applicable only on full value adult tickets.
Shop the best sellers from Rs9999.
Offer is only available on buying minimum 4 adult regular tickets. This offer is available only on online bookings made 10 days before the visit from the check-in date. Discount is only applicable on adult regular tickets and not applicable on Fastrack or any other categories. No two offers can be clubbed together.
Customers can enjoy Free Gifts from Wonderla.
Wonderla discount code is not required.
Get great deals and offers from Wonderla.
No Wonderla coupon code needed to avail this offer.
Wonderla offers a discount of 5% Off.
Wonderla is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.801884
Retrieved Text: Blackpool Pleasure Beach is named one of the best amusement parks in Europe!
Blackpool Pleasure Beach has once again been named as the second best amusement park in the UK by social review website TripAdvisor. Blackpool Pleasure Beach is also in the top 20 amusement parks in Europe, as voted for by TripAdvisor users, alongside some of the most popular amusement parks on the continent.
Trip Advisor’s Travellers’ Choice Awards saw the 42-acre park come second, for the second year running, in the list which takes into account value for money, customer experience and overall comments on its website from its millions of users.
Travellers’ Choice awards are the highest honor TripAdvisor can give – meaning a business is truly exceptional. Based on reviews and opinions from millions of travelers, Blackpool Pleasure Beach is ranked in the top 1% of attractions.
The awards honour top travel spots worldwide based on the millions of valuable reviews and opinions from TripAdvisor travellers. All award winners were determined used reviews and opinions over the past 12 months.
Managing Director of Blackpool Pleasure Beach, Amanda Thompson OBE, said: “We are thrilled to once again be named amongst Europe’s best amusement parks by TripAdvisor, a trusted travel site where the views of our guests count for so much.
“At Blackpool Pleasure Beach we are constantly investing to make sure that guests have a fun filled visit and return year after year. Next year will see the opening of our newest ride, ICON, which will be the UK’s first ever double launch rollercoaster and represents an investment of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.783812
Retrieved Text: Toronto’s real estate business is a mixture of old fashioned colony with modern buildings. You can find a number of condos in Toronto downtown whereas you will find old and classical house. You can view Toronto Homes for Sale with us and find the wide variety of price range. In Toronto you can find almost all the services required for a quality life. There are schools in almost every neighborhood and you will find parks and other amusement places near your house. The city is a financial hub of Canada and there are bigger and better opportunities for everyone here. There are growing number of population that moves in here every year. There are equally same number of houses and real estate properties to accommodate this growing population.
You will find shopping centers and other entertainment nearby making it convenient for you to visit these places. If you view Toronto Homes for Sale you will mostly find larger detached and semi-detached houses along with town homes, executive homes and much more. Home buyers looking for spacious property can look around this area of Toronto. You might feel that it is difficult to find the vacant space in Toronto due to growing population. However, the city experiences moving population meaning there are people who are moving out of the city as well. This will create the opportunity for the vacant space. You can find a number of such properties with realstatebay.ca as they have one of the best listing of properties in Canada. Toronto offers all kind of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.770996
Retrieved Text: In 1964 Charles “Buddy “ Jenkins and Arnold Palmer’s manager, Mark McCormick met…Jenkins owned a large parcel of bayside property in Ocean City MD and Palmer-the reigning “King” of golf at the time was developing Driving Ranges and Miniature Golf courses.
Jenkins purchased a franchise and in July 1964 opened the Arnold Palmer Putting Course and Driving Range. The following year, he added 10 Amusement Rides and over the next several years Jolly Roger Park established itself as a major tourist attraction in the seaside resort.
most importantly in the early 1970’s at the 30th St location added a Go Cart Track and a concrete water slide that were the beginnings of Speedworld-now home of one of the largest collections of go carts and tracks in the country with over 11 Tracks and 400 cars…And Jolly Roger’s crown jewel, Splash Mountain Water Park-named the Best Small Waterpark on the east coast by Funworld Magazine, the Amusement Industry’s leading trade magazine.
As Jolly Roger Parks celebrate their 50th Anniversary this summer, these family owned and operated Amusement Parks have become a tradition of family fun for generations of tourists. Jolly Roger Amusement Parks has constantly reinvented itself and evolved to bring the best amusement values to Ocean City, it’s visitors and guests. And it’s 36 acres comprise the best of nostalgic rides and new cutting edge attractions from all over the world…it has truly become an Ocean City landmark.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.711357
Retrieved Text: It is a misconception that dufan mati and water parks are costly. Genuine, having to pay the regular price tag through busy seasons is often high priced, but it really would not constantly need to be so. You can find numerous methods to get low cost tickets for amusement parks. In addition, you could also save cash on foods, souvenirs, and also other perks.
Always seem on-line for distinctive charges on tickets. Some topic parks, this kind of as 6 Flags, even present lower price tickets and also other exclusive promotions completely by way of their formal internet websites.
You will find ticket outlet firms that offer them at low cost charges too. You can also print them out after buying them, rather than having to wait for them to arrive from the mail!
Examine your Coke, Pepsi, Dr. Pepper, or Mountain Dew cans. Generally, amusement parks give specific promotions through Coke and Pepsi, and you will be able to discover information and facts printed within the can or bottle labels.
Maintain a watch out for brochures and fliers at your neighborhood grocery markets, places to eat, and malls. In some cases they give out free of charge coupon codes which will be made use of at amusement parks.
Sign up for newsletters and ezines that supply bargains and discounts. That way, you’ll be current each time price cut tickets for amusement parks turn into accessible anyplace over the internet.
Obviously, you can find a good number of various strategies to discover discounts on tickets in addition as other coupons—both online and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.711004
Retrieved Text: Linear Actuators System for Theme Parks and Amusement Parks |Venture Mfg Co.
Nowadays, linear actuators are widely used in a vast range of applications. These devices are used in almost every second industrial application. Actuators have made their presence felt in almost every possible area of application. They are not only used industrial machinery and equipment, but also are being used increasingly theme parks and amusement parks. Venture Mfg. Co. is an experienced, and trusted manufacturer of linear actuators in the US. We manufacture and supply various linear actuators for amusement parks in desired specifications.
There are several rides in an amusement park, which use linear motion. To execute linear motion, heavy duty linear actuators are used to a great extent. Particularly those rides that have vertical or horizontal movements make use of linear actuators. Different rides in an amusement park, including the Twister and Carousels use linear actuators. Thus, less number of mechanical parts are required in these rides. This helps reduce the risk and facilitates safe and smooth rides.
The linear actuators in theme parks are used in the most unexpected applications of arts and entertainment industry. Virtual reality rides also make use of linear actuators. The movement of these actuators give you a realistic feeling of riding one of the above vehicles.
Amusement parks or theme parks have a variety of machines or rides that are required to carry several visitors simultaneously. Thus, they are required to be capable of handling heavy loads. For this purpose, the linear actuators used should be strong enough to withstand heavy

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.66437
Retrieved Text: Amusement parks are a popular destination for many Americans each year. Unfortunately, accidents can happen. There are thousands of amusement park-related injuries each year, with more than 70% of them occurring between May and September, according to USA Today. The exact number of injuries or deaths related to amusement parks is hard to determine. This is because there are no state or federal agencies dedicated to enforcing ride standards. Data on accidents are often well-guarded secrets by parks that do not want the negative publicity generated by lawsuits.
There is no uniform system in place at this time for reporting amusement park accidents. The amusement industry is highly unregulated. This means that the parks themselves are policing the accidents, making it possible to keep minor injury-related incidents under wraps. Victims may find it hard to file a lawsuit because there could be several different types of legal areas involved, such as product liability, premise liability, and personal injury.
One basic but common cause of injuries at amusement parks is when park visitors are not strapped in safely on a ride. This is especially common among young children who might not know how to properly buckle themselves in safely.
Accidents do happen, even in the best of situations. If you or a family member is injured at an amusement park, you need to assess whether the accident was preventable or not. In many states, the park is responsible for their guests’ safety under liability laws. This means that the park management needs to conduct a routine maintenance program and immediately

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.606958
Retrieved Text: You are welcome to add your website details and good quality articles on Online Amusement Parks & Venues Directory. We offer both Featured paid and Regular free directory listings submission options in Amusement Parks & Venues Directory. At ADD FREE WEB DIRECTORY we allow free web and article submissions, deep web link submission and top quality paid submission options. Webmasters can submit new online business services or products to Amusement Parks & Venues web directory and get better chances for high search engine visibility, top quality web visitors and more potential internet clients.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.518696
Retrieved Text: The kangaroo hopper funfair rides are one of the most popular amusement parks attractions. The sudden lifting and falling of the fairground amusement rides can bring much more thrilling experience ans happiness to the kids and their family. Beston, the top funfair ride manufacturer, supplies quality kangaroo hopper ride for sale with competitive prices.... The kangaroo jump ride, one kind of family rides which is frequently seen in amusement parks, is also called Kang’a’bounce ride for sale and really welcomed in the amusement parks.
Create the perfect party atmosphere - hire jumping castles Whether you're planning a birthday party, or looking for entertainment for a fundraiser or a school carnival day, ensure hours of fun and enjoyment with our wide variety of jumping castles for hire.... When you are planning an unforgettable Birthday Party, Corporate Event, Fete or Festival, you need an Industry-Leading Amusement supplier to provide your amusement rides and jumping castles, along with the best fun, variety and safety possible for your event.
Kangaroo Jump is a new type of bouncing amusement equipment. It is cute and lively. It is suitable for people of different ages. When the amusement equipment is running, with the wonderful music, the cockpit will jump up and down with the rotation of the equipment, just like sitting in the pocket, it gives you a different ride experience and fun. bitpay how to receive bitcoins carnival rides Golden Wheel Amusements out of Alaska recently rebuilt their "Gravitron" carnival ride, complete with a totally rebuilt/redesigned front façade.
Kangaroo Jump Ride for Sale at Philippines.

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: Sentence: One seeks to make a cord weave.

Choice 1: One will need a short amount of cord.

Choice 2: One will need a long amount of cord.

What is the index of the correct choice for ending for the sentence?

Answer:

Target Text: 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.243118
Retrieved Text: Instead of becoming landfill, plastic bags can be used for fun craft projects. Parents can teach about recycling in the house and how plastic bags take years to decompose. One easy project, appropriate for ages six to adult, is weaving a doormat from left over bags. The end result will be an inexpensive, easy to clean, custom sized, one of a kind doormat for your home. Rugs can be one color, or multicolored depending on the plastic bags selected for the project.
Select bags that are the colors you want for your mat. Tie the bags at each end until the cords are slightly over the desired length of your mat.
Tie one end of the cord to a mop handle. Continue to tie ends of the cords close to each other on the handle until you are slightly wider than the desired width of the rug.
Tie a small piece of twine around the end of the cord, placing the knot right next to the mop handle. Make a knot for each cord. Cut the twine close to the knot.
Tie the unattached end of the cord to the second mop handle, starting at edge of your row of cords. Select the next cord over, and be careful not to skip a cord. Tie the cords in order until all of the cords are tied to the second mop handle.
Hold the second mop handle and tie a small piece of twine around the end of the cord, placing the knot right next to the mop handle. Make a knot

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.09178
Retrieved Text: DESIGNED BY CARA L. BERNHAUSER PRESENTS "TOMORROW'S HEIRLOOMS"
TENSION: 16.67 sts and 25.56 rows = 4"/10cm measured over the pattern using the Classic/ISM Keyplate dot 3.
Oz. 3 4 5 Each Aqua & Peach.
A two-prong tool to hang LL cords.
The color order is 2 cords of the Aqua, then 2 cords of the Peach.
The body of the afghan is knit, afterwards the loops are whip stitched at intervals to form the bows.
12 cords, each color, 30" long, leaving a 3" tail at each end. Weave the ends into the cord.
30 cords, each color, 6" long, leaving a 3" tail at each end. Knot ends to form a loop.
Weave the knotted ends into the cord.
(It is easier to knit 16 yards with the magicord machine, then cut these to the finished lengths.
14 cords, each color, 36" long, leaving a 3" tail at each end. Weave the ends into the cord.
35 cords, each color, 6" long, leaving a 3" tail at each end. Knot the ends to form a loop.
(It is easier to make 22 yards with the magicord machine, then cut these to the finished lengths.
16 cords, each color, 42" long, leaving a 3" tail at each end. Weave the ends into the cord.
This forms the long lengths [LL].
56 cords, each color, 6" long, leaving a 3" tail at each end. Knot the ends to form a loop.
(It is easier to knit 30 yards with the Magicord machine, then cut these to the finished lengths.
Fold the LL cord in half to find the center.
Insert the two-prong tool into the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.626083
Retrieved Text: Use two different knots to secure the beads in place.
The Heartbreaker is a fun bead craft to keep or give away to your Valentine.
1. Make a lark's head knot by folding the lanyard in half and slipping the looped end through the split ring. Pull the cut ends up through the loop and pull tight. Tie an overhand knot about 1/2 to 1 inch from the lark's head knot.
2. String a white bead onto the left strand and slide it all the way up to the knot. Weave the right strand through the bead from right to left. To make the heart's upper arches, weave a 'sidepath' by stringing beads 1-4 on the right strand. Leave a little space between the beads, and weave back through beads 1 and 2.
Pull tightly as you weave back, allowing the beads to curve as shown. Repeat to make a sidepath with the left strand. Add a white bead on the end of each sidepath before you move on to the next row.
3. String beads onto the left strand in the following order: 1 white, 2 pink, 1 pink glitter, 1 pink, 1 pink glitter, 2 pink, and 1 white. Weave the right strand through the same beads from right to left. Repeat this basic bead-weaving technique for the remaining rows, using the bead diagram below for reference.
4. Finish by tying both cord ends together in an overhand knot. To do this, twist both lanyard ends into a loop and then pull the free ends through the loop. Tie a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.497284
Retrieved Text: Before about 1950 pocket watches were common. Most often the watch had a cord called a fob whose other end was attached somewhere to the clothing of the owner of the watch. Fobs were made in many ways. One homemade design was to weave the fob from a couple of contrasting colored shoe strings. That same design can be used to make a kind of handle for a key ring, a decoration for a coat zipper handle or whatever other use you desire.
Flat or round cord can be used. Using flat cord makes it a bit easier to learn the construction method. Once you get started, four steps are repeated over and over to weave the cord. With a flat cord, it's a little easier to see the pattern that's repeated. Two pieces of cord are used. If the two cords are very different in color, the look of the fob is better. For a large cord use shoe strings around 1/4 inch wide and 30 inches (give or take) long. For a zipper handle, a smaller width and shorter length cord would probably be better.
Cross the two cords at their middles and tie with a piece of string to hold them togeter.
Place the cords through the ring or onto whatever the fob will be attached. Think of the 4 cord ends as being labeled A, B, C and D.
Step 1. Lay A across B.
Step 2. Lay B over A and C.
Step 3. Lay C over B and D.
You have just performed 3 of the 4

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.308737
Retrieved Text: Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Light Blue.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Lilac.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Maroon.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Metallic Bright Gold.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Metallic Silver.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Mid-Blue.
Fabric cloth electrical cord x1m. Natural dark brown weave.
Fabric cloth electrical cord x1m. Pink anthracite zig zag weave.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Pink.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Purple.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Red.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Vintage Red and Brown.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Woven Cream.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Woven Grey.
Fabric Cloth Electrical Cord x1m. Yellow.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.720274
Retrieved Text: I crocheted some nunchaku, and kept some notes about how I did it. The pattern may take some adjusting for smaller and bigger people, so first, some sizing notes.
Cord connecting nunchaku is more traditional than chain is, and the length should be just long enough that when you lay it across your hand, the nunchaku fall to either side. The length of the sticks on the nunchaku should be long enough that when you hold one stick at the top, the stick protects your forearm. They should be about 1 inch in diameter, and 12 inches long is standard, but I made these for me and I'm short enough that a bit over 11 inches was the right length.
Size E or F hook, if you work very tightly, use an F, if you don't work so tightly, use an E.
Make a chain with the tan yarn that's long enough to lay across the palm of the person you are making the nunchaku for. I made mine actually too long. So instead of chaining 26 like I did, chain 16, and slip stitch back up the chain to make the cord. Break off yarn leaving ends long enough to stitch in.
Using tail of yarn, stitch the center of the ring to the end of the cord tightly and reinforce, because kids can be rough. You can let the tail hang on the opposite side of the side you stitched the cord to since that will be the inside of the nunchaku and not show.
Round 3-50: Ch 1

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.548122
Retrieved Text: The double coin knot is a simple and attractive knot popular in Chinese knotting. But, like many knots, it goes by several other names and has uses that are both practical and decorative. On the practical side, the double coin knot is a variation of the Carrick Bend and is sometimes also known as a Wake Knot, the name evolving from its' use in British heraldry. In macrame, it is called a Josephine Knot.
Although these knots may go by the same name, the Double Coin Knot variation is typically tied using a single cord. The Carrick Bend and Josephine Knot typically refer to a knot that is used to securely join two pieces of cord.
Setting the variety of names aside, the double coin knot is easy to learn and versatile for jewelry making.
The double coin knot can be made with a wide variety of jewelry making cords. When you are first learning, it is easiest to start with a thicker nylon cord. These types of cords slide easily, making them easy to tie and adjust, but also have some texture which helps the knot hold in place. Once you have learned to tie the knot, you can go on to trying it with different cords. It can look especially good with doubled cords, which makes a thicker, more exuberant knot. You can even add beads to your cord!
Start with a scrap piece of cord, at least eight inches long. You will need room to loop the cord around multiple times and maneuver the end through the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.540188
Retrieved Text: Unwind. Lie back. Relax and enjoy time together with your loved ones at home or on holiday. The Mexican hammock is a great family hammock. Ideal for spending quality time together with your family or taking time to oneself. Exceptionally versatile and portable. Indoors or outdoors.
100% Handwoven in the state of Yucatán, Mexico from soft natural cotton with multiple suspension arm cords for increased levels of comfort and support.
Thanks to the hammocks unique diamond weave you are provided with the ideal blend of luxurious comfort, total body conforming support, beauty, and strength. The weave also allows air to gently drift and circulate around your body keeping you both cool and comfy.
Comes with a free hammock protection cover worth $34.95 which will increase the life of your Mexican hammock by years. *Hammock stand not included.
Mexican double, queen and king are hammocks are woven from a fine soft cotton cord that provides optimal weight distribution and amazing comfort. They are lightweight and easy to transport. Thick cord hammocks are woven from a cotton cord, that is up to 4x times thicker, achieving greater strength and durability. Thick cord hammocks provide a more robust option for families with children and accommodation providers whilst still providing excellent levels of comfort and softness.
Woven from high-quality cotton for a softer more comfortable hammock. Cotton has many inherent properties that make it an ideal material choice for making hammocks. *Thick cord hammocks are made from thick-grade cotton approxiamately fours times thicker than stand double/queen/king Mexican hammocks.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.379786
Retrieved Text: Intro Viking weave necklace and bracelet. Similar to French knitting this is a surprisingly easy way to make woven wire cord for bracelets and necklacesAbout Weave Got Maille. Weave Got Maille is the perfect place for both advanced and novice weavers to shop. We offer all the supplies and tools youll need as well Bangles and Chains perfect for anyone. Shop Blue Niles quality selection of silver gold and platinum bracelets.
Designer Fashion at Bluefly.com. Free shipping on Designer Fashion with orders of 150 or more and free returns when you refund your purchase for store credit.This wire wrap rings tutorial is a very fast and easy project. You can quickly make a ton of these from bits of wire left over from other projects or from a pile of Welcome to H&M. Select your region to enter our site.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.220072
Retrieved Text: As a traveler who likes to dabble with trying new things, I used to go a lot on solo trips, which had been one of the best ways to meet people on the road and make friends: locals and other travelers (most of whom were also traveling alone). I learned a lot of tips from them, including how to stay safe, but I also discovered early on that I should always have these resources available wherever I go: a knife, fire starter, strong cord, compass, and whistle. I admit solo travel hadn’t been easy with its share of challenges since there’s no one else looking out for you to encourage you or cheer you up when things don’t end up as planned, but the opportunities are endless that made it all so memorable and worthwhile.
Moving forward, over three decades, I now find myself promoting the same idea of keeping safe and having access to these same important resources in the form of an everyday-carry gear: the Gemstar Survival paracord bracelet. The article below is what I’d consider the most complete there is on paracord as it covers the multiple uses of paracord, its history, how to make paracord bracelets and cool projects, making snare traps, and more interesting tutorials. Paracord is unquestionably one of the greatest tools you can have at your disposal. It is strong, durable, versatile and ideal for multiple tasks indoors or outdoors, and insanely useful for off the grid living.
Paracord is a prepper’s best friend. Also called parachute cord it is a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.054153
Retrieved Text: A decorative basket weave motif adds style to this oil-rubbed bronze swing arm wall lamp design.
This decorative oil-rubbed bronze wall sconce offers functional style. The design features a rectangular back plate with a decorative weave motif and is shaded by a contemporary off-white pleated empire shade. The adjustable arm makes it easy to direct light where you need it, while the easy plug-in style makes installation a breeze. The Decorative Basket collection is crafted in Hyde Park, Vermont by the House of Troy.
Maximum arm extension of 24". Shade is 6 1/2" across the top x 13" across the bottom x 10" high.
Uses one maximum 100 watt standard-medium base bulb (included). On-off socket switch.
Deco Basket plug-in style swing arm wall lamp.
Oil-rubbed bronze finish. Off-white pleat softback shade.
30" cord cover included. 10-foot long ivory cord.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.027374
Retrieved Text: This small dream catcher is made from recycled materials left over from other projects.
Dream catchers are traditionally a Native American craft and were made to protect against bad dreams they make pretty decorations for any room in the house.
They look great hanging in a window especially if you add faceted glass beads to catch the light.
This is the third page in the series on how to make dream catchers.
To add your bead to the center just thread the cord through the bead.
Thread the cord through a loop in the web on the other side of the bead.
Thread the cord back through the hole in the bead and through a loop in the web, tie a knot to secure.
To add feathers create a loop in a length of cord insert the end of the feather then pull tight.
Here I have used skeleton leaves in place of feathers.
They are tied to the ends of one length of cord.
Fold the cord in half and pass the loop through the web at the base of the dream catcher.
Then pass the ends with feathers attached through the loop and pull tight.
To add a cord to hang the dream catcher.
As I used an old curtain ring for this project I kept the closed hook in place to add the hanger.
The principle is the same though for adding a hanger to the hoop.
Take a length of cord and fold it in half. Tie a knot in one end as shown in the photo.
Pass the loop through the hoop or closed hook.
Then pass the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.966072
Retrieved Text: This beaded kumihimo bracelet is made with pink and light green size 10 glass seed beads. I took pink and light green cord and wove it together adding each bead to the weave. There is over 200 glass seed beads that make up this bracelet. I added a love charm to this bracelet to add an extra touch. This bracelet has a circle bar clasp for its closure. The beaded cord for this bracelet is 1/2 inch thick. This is a very labor intensive process and is completely handmade with love by me.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.813856
Retrieved Text: A braided leather bracelet looks elegant and earthy at the same time. It's not hard to make your own, and if you're already used to braiding, you'll find this project very straightforward. Once the bracelet has been made using five leather cords, you can add ornaments such as metallic flower decorations, beads or fabric flowers, to add a very personal touch.
Select five leather cords. You'll need to have three of one color and two of another color. Bind the cords together with a crimp or wire. Add or attach a loop to enable the bracelet to be linked together for wearing.
Stick the end of the bound cords on a flat surface with adhesive tape. This will make the braiding easier, as the cords won't move. Unfold the five cords and arrange them alternately.
Braid the cords. Starting with the left outermost cord, bring it over the cord to its right and under the center cord. Then, with the right outermost cord, bring it over the cord to its left and under the center cord.
Continue braiding following this pattern. Braid the cords to the length that will fit your wrist.
Bind the end with a crimp or wire. Link a lobster clasp to the crimp or wire.
Cut off any excess cord.
Finished. You can now glue or stitch on ornamentation as desired, such as metallic flowers, fabric flowers, beads, etc. Ensure that they are firmly attached before wearing.
Optional: String a bell or any other trinket to a short chain. Link the chain to one end.
How long should I cut the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.717625
Retrieved Text: Today is the day we finish weaving our bracelet, take it off the loom and create a loop and a clasp. You will notice that my last section of mixed bead rows is only two rows wide instead of three. I was finding it difficult to fit in the magnatamas. So I reverted to just size 8/0 beads because they were much easier to insert in that smallish space.
I released the tension on the loom and slipped off the bracelet.
I then removed the paperclips.
Using one of the warp tails, I strung twelve size 8/0 beads to form a circle for the clasp.
I used the other warp to sew through this circle from the other side to: 1) get rid of that warp tail, 2) to make the circle of beads as strong as possible. Bury the ends somewhere in the bracelet, tying a knot and then sewing some more before trimming. If you don’t have a softlex needle, which can be threaded by the softflex wire, just use the wire without a needle since it is stiff enough to allow you to string beads on to it.
Next you need to make a peyote tube. Using the size 8/0 beads make a flat piece of peyote eight beads wide (or even ten if you’d like).
Zip it up as per the above linked directions. Sew in tail end.
I decided it would be fun to add two magnatamas to each end. They will also help prevent the clasp from coming undone.
Find the middle of your peyote tube and get

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.62407
Retrieved Text: Weave your favorite Mix and Mingle™ beads into this Square Knot Bracelet! Pick your favorite colored beads and rhinestone spacers, and then secure them in a boho chic knotted bracelet that you can wear for any occasion.
Set aside the blue bead to use as part of the clasp. Cut an 84" and a 36" length of cord and fold both in half. Tie an overhand knot near the fold, creating a double-strand loop that is large enough to fit over the bead.
The longer cords should sit on the outside and will be used to make the knot, and the shorter cords will sit on the inside and will be used as the base. Hold the base cords between your thumb and forefingers as you work.
Cross the left cord over the center cords leaving a large loop, this will look like a number 4. Grip the joint of the cords between your thumb and forefinger, holding the center cords taught at all times.
Take the right cord and cross it over the left cord, then under the joint of the left and center cords. Pull the right cord through the loop made in Step 4.
Grab the right cord that was pulled to the left with your left hand, and the left cord that was pulled to the right with your right hand. Hold the center cord taut, and pull the left and right cords away from the center. Pull tight to create the first knot.
To make the second knot, repeat Steps 4 through 7 backwards. Take the right

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.56814
Retrieved Text: Presented by Angie Walker Maloney with Susanne Clark. This comprehensive video workshop begins with personal remarks by Navajo weaver Angie Walker Maloney. It includes information on tools, yarn, and equipment, and a look at several different styles of Navajo looms. You will learn how to spin and ply edging cord, prepare the warp, apply the edging cord, and make the heddles. Tips on how to use the loom, create the sheds, and use the tools get you started. You will weave stripes, vertical lines (by interlocking wefts on the same row), squares or blocks, diagonals and diamonds. You can follow along by weaving the design provided or create one of your own based upon the discussion in "Planning a Rug Design", which includes specific information on weaving a design that reverses at the center of the rug. Many tips and solutions to potential problems are given throughout the video. Angie's method of finishing a rug the Navajo way is magic!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.515137
Retrieved Text: "Make the process of creating kumihimo braids easier by using the Kumi Weight. This weight keeps braiding tension consistent when you easily attach the alligator clip to the end of your braid. The ideal weight for a consistent weave of your braid. Choose from two sizes: Regular (about 3 oz./87gm) and Lite (about 1.6oz./45gm). The light weight is great for 8 strands of 1mm cord or smaller (such as braiding a beaded necklace), or 16 strands of beading cord. The medium weight is for thicker (1.5mm) or a greater number of strands. Both sizes are small enough to fit through the center of your Kumihimo braiding disk. "

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.457788
Retrieved Text: The Tour Velvet BCT Cord comes standard with Brushed Cotton Technology (BCT), a tighter-weave cotton twill fiber that delivers a comfortable cord grip. The Tour Velvet BCT cord features all of the great traction and all-weather performance that made the Tour Velvet the most preferred cord grip on Tour.
There's a reason why Golf Pride is the number one grip on tour.
I bought a set of irons last month that had these grips on them that were/are practically new, so I decided to give them a try before I replaced them with my preferred, softer CP2 midsize (blue/wrap). Thus far I have been pleasantly surprised by their performance and (relative to old style cords) lack of hand/finger punishment. Still plenty firm and responsive, but as a guy who hasn't played a cord grip in a decade (I'm in my late 30s), I'm finding these particular grips much more playable than I expected.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.310314
Retrieved Text: Tight sturdy cuenca Weave panama for serious UPF 50+ sun protection.
Open Weave band for ventilation and extra style.
Chin cord of Rawlings American leather.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.293354
Retrieved Text: PU Woven Cord--PU Cord is short for polyurethane cord. Soft in texture, tightly and consistently to weave, PU cord is a less expensive alternative for genuine leather cords. Our PU woven cords come in different styles, colors and sizes. They are great for making bracelets, necklace and so on. Choose some for your next creation! NOTE: Our Min. order is for each color each size. China beads accept OEM/special orders. Contact us now!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.129637
Retrieved Text: Handmade thin blue line and thin red line paracord bracelet with St. Michael protection medallion.
Our paracord bracelets are made with a tight cobra weave style handmade with love from authentic USA 550 parachute cord. With a laser engraved Mahogany wood tag.
Our paracord bracelets are made with a tight cobra weave style handmade with love from authentic USA 550 parachute cord. The SAINT MICHAEL MEDAL wood tags are made out of mahogany wood with a laser engraving that dries easily if ever wet and will not mildew or rot.
Watch our creativity come to life in this 30 second time lapse video! Each bracelet/cross is made with great attention to detail.
The Thin BLUE Line is to commemorate fallen law enforcement officers and to symbolize the relationship of law enforcement in the community as the protectors of civilians from criminal elements.
The Thin RED Line of Courage is a symbol to illustrate the line of firefighters protecting us day and night and to show honorable respect to fallen firefighter heroes.
*Our bracelets & crosses make great gifts for your family, friends and especially police officers & firefighters they really appreciate it!
*Paracord can get wet, this will not cause it to mildew or rot.
*All of our products are proudly made in the USA with only made in USA materials.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.077934
Retrieved Text: DM round cord laces are sure to jazz up any footwear and are perfect for Dr. Marten footwear. Made of a mixed polyester weave, DM cord laces come in a variety of vibrant colours. Black DM Cord is available in lengths 75cm, 90cm, 114cm and 140cm so can be worn in both boots and shoes with a number of eyelets ranging from 5-6 (75 cm) to 8-10 (140cm).

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.054834
Retrieved Text: Get 1 Year of Woodsmith + 5 FREE Downloadable Plans!
This compact bench has a comfortable, woven cotton seat. And built with mortise and tenon joinery, it will last for years.
Strong, straightforward construction, along with dynamic chamfers, make this stool something to see. The Danish cord weave of the seat adds comfort as well.
Coupon discount will be applied at checkout if valid.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.997896
Retrieved Text: Material:Nylon Silk Ribbon. Colour:Red,Yellow,Green,Blue,Black,Coffee,etc. Size: Length:45cm. Width:1cm,1.5cm,2cm or as your request. Finish:Plain Weave or Cord Weave. MOQ:500pcs. Other Pattern and Logo is availabe.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.925192
Retrieved Text: All new "FDE" survival edition watch. Features a G-Shock GA100MM-5A watch with a protective bull bar and desert digital camo bezel. Includes a black survival cord cobra weave with desert camo, a ferro rod, wrist compass, and LED buckle.
Compass - Includes degree marks and secondary intercardinal points which makes it much easier to navigate through any terrain.
Ferro rod - provides a reliable way to start a fire.
LED buckle - has 2 modes; flashing light for safety alert or steady light for tasks.
Survival cord - contains a strand of jute cord and one 15 lb mono filiment fishing line.
*6-12 Week Turnaround Time. Watches are made to order. This is the usual wait time although delays may occur depending on the amount of orders we have at the time. Do not order if you have no patience. Thank you.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.887455
Retrieved Text: Wrap, weave and wear unique creations with your Threadz Make a Shoulder Bag Kit. In this Threadz kit, you will find all the materials you need to create a shoulder bag of your own. Simply follow the easy, step-by-step instructions to create your hot, fashion accessory - made by YOU!
Contents: 1 Rectangle Loom, 100m of Rainbow Yarn, 1.5m of Silver Cord, Loom Hook, Plastic Needle and Instructions.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.864344
Retrieved Text: So here I am, warping my jack loom once again, after months of abandoning it for my new countermarche. Why am I doing this after all my praises for the countermarche system? Well, I am wanting to see if I can get a better warp, better shed, and better weaving, incorporating everything I've learned about looms lately.
Several weeks ago, I discussed the pros and cons of lashing versus tying a new warp onto the front apron rod. With this next warp, I'm going to use the lashing on method. I thought I might show you step by step how I do this. It can be done with either a b2f or f2b warp.
After the warp in wound on and threaded, I go to the front of the loom and trim the warp so that it is fairly even. I know that some weavers can measure their warps so that they are perfectly even, but I'm not one of those weavers.
The warp is knotted in one inch groups. I use a slip knot to do this. I have read that this is not a good idea as the slip knot can slip, but I haven't had any problems with it. I reckon if I ever do, then I'll use a different knot.
Before I begin lashing, I do two things.
First I support the front apron rod as shown on the left, using two 12 inch rulers. I place one on each side of the warp, resting them between the breast beam and the beater. The front apron rod

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.856413
Retrieved Text: Lowest prices all the time, guaranteed! If you find a better price, let us know and we will beat it. La Selva is the Spanish word for the jungle. It is a perfect name for this tropical rainforest pattern of green, tan, gold, and muted orange on a black background. The bedskirt and euro shams feature a beautiful basket weave pattern in tan. La Selva Black bedding is proudly made in the USA by Thomasville. Comforter set includes comforter, bedskirt, and 2 standard or king shams (Twin set has only one sham.) Face fabric is 100% cotton. Filled with 100% polyester fiberfill. Dry cleaning is recommended.
Tropical foilage and plants in Green, Orange Mist, and Gold displayed on a black background. Comforter set consists of a 66 x 90 inch comforter, a gathered 15 inch drop split corner bedskirt, and one standard sham, 20" x 26" by Thomasville Home Furnishings. Comforter has braided cord edge. Sham has flanged border with braided cord trim. Face fabric is 100% cotton. Filled with 100% polyester fiberfill. Dry clean recommended. Manufacturer UPC is 013864104210.
Tropical foilage and plants in Green, Orange Mist, and Gold displayed on a black background. Comforter set consists of an 82 x 90 inch comforter, a gathered 15 inch drop split corner bedskirt, and two standard shams, 20" x 26" by Thomasville Home Furnishings. Comforter has braided cord edge. Sham has flanged border with braided cord trim. Face fabric is 100% cotton. Filled with 100% polyester fiberfill. Dry clean recommended. Manufacturer UPC is 013864104227.
Tropical foilage and plants in

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.636786
Retrieved Text: Watches are so much more than fashion accessories. While you might wear a bright, shiny piece to an elegant event, a more practical approach benefits daily and outdoor life. For many outdoor enthusiasts, their paracord watch band is an indispensable part of their camping and hiking itinerary. These types of bands offer the wearer a number of fantastic options.
They are also really easy to make and, once you’re done, you will see just how simple yet stylish it can be. The key is to make sure that you are properly prepared in terms of supplies and step by step instructions. You might want to buy a bit of extra paracord from Paracord Planet just in case you want to make more than one.
Paracord refers to the type of cord that was used initially back in World War II. The soldiers used this cord in their parachutes. The 550 cord is so named thanks to the weight it’s able to hold. It has a breaking strength of 550 pounds which, needless to say, is more than enough when it comes to the usual demands placed on watch bands.
Soldiers also used this cord for a number of uses outdoors including building shelters, strapping items to their harnesses, and it could even be split to make string for sewing. Do read our article on the different paracord uses for survival; it’s a must-read for all.
It’s important to understand that there are differences in quality when comparing commercial and military grade paracord with the latter being significantly stronger and more

================



