======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: The word "class" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: An emerging professional class.
Sentence 2: Apologizing for losing your temper, even though you were badly provoked, showed real class.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.186075
Retrieved Text: Since in order to speak, one must first listen, learn to speak by listening.
You have to not listen to the nay sayers because there will be many and often they'll be much more qualified than you and cause you to sort of doubt yourself.
No longer a stranger, you listen all day to these crazy love-words. Like a bee you fill hundreds of homes with honey, though yours is a long flight from here.
Listen to many, speak to a few.
The artist doesn't have time to listen to the critics. The ones who want to be writers read the reviews, the ones who want to write don't have the time to read reviews.
He listens well who takes notes.
If God listened to the prayers of men, all men would quickly have perished: for they are forever praying for evil against one another.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Be advised that all flatterers live at the expense of those who listen to them.
Great deeds give choice of many tales. Choose a slight tale, enrich it large, and then let wise men listen.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper.
Every flatterer lives at the expense of him who listens to him.
I listened more than I studied... therefore little by little my knowledge and ability were developed.
You know, I don't think I've ever listened to someone's commentary. Ever.
I will listen to anyone's convictions, but pray keep your doubts to yourself.
In its beginnings, music was merely chamber music, meant to be

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.191359
Retrieved Text: : ux|en|Mars goes around the sun once in a Martian year, or 1.88 Earth years.
: ux|en|A normal year has 365 full days, but there are 366 days in a leap year.
: ux|en|I was born in the year 1950.
: ux|en|This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster.
: ux|en|During this school year I have to get up at 6:30 to catch the bus.
: ux|en|Every second-year student must select an area of specialization.
: ux|en|The exams in year 12 at high school are the most difficult.
: ux|en|Geneticists have created bakers yeast that can live to 800 in yeast years.
: ux|en|The new Ford Fiesta is set to be best in the small family class.
: ux|en|That is one class-A heifer you got there, sonny.
: ux|en|Often used to imply membership of a large class.
: ux|en|This word has a whole class of metaphoric extensions.
: ux|en|Jane Austens works deal with class in 18th-century England.
: ux|en|Apologizing for losing your temper, even though you were badly provoked, showed real class.
: ux|en|The class was noisy, but the teacher was able to get their attention with a story.
: ux|en|I took the cooking class for enjoyment, but I also learned a lot.
: ux|en|The class of 1982 was particularly noteworthy.
: ux|en|I used to fly business class, but now my company can only afford economy.
: ux|en|Magnolias belong to the class Magnoliopsida.
: ux|en|It is the class of Italian bottled waters.
: ux|en|The class of all sets is not a set.
: ux|en|I would class this with most of the other mediocre works of the period.
: ux|en|The genus or family under which it classes. —

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.985647
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK, January 7 – National Basketball Association commissioner David Stern suspended Gilbert Arenas indefinitely Wednesday, saying the Washington Wizards playmaker "is not currently fit to take the court."
Arenas ran afoul of NBA rules when he brought guns to the Wizards arena, and he has provoked further ire by his apparently lighthearted response to the controversy.
He said he was storing unloaded weapons in a container in his locker to keep them away from his children at home, but Arenas and the league were engulfed in controversy when The New York Post reported Arenas and a teammate had drawn guns on each other in a December incident.
Arenas has insisted that account was overblown, but the incident remains under investigation by law enforcement authorities.
Stern said in a statement that Arenas’ actions will "ultimately result in a substantial suspension, and perhaps worse."
The commissioner said he first planned to refrain from taking action because of the pending criminal investigation, which includes a grand jury sitting in the District of Columbia.
But Stern indicated that Arenas’ behavior had prompted him to take immediate action.
Wizards played Tuesday night in Philadelphia, and before that game he was photographed surrounded by teammates, smiling and pointing his index fingers at them as if they were guns.
Arenas, who turned 28 on Wednesday, is slated to make 16.2 million dollars this season.
The Wizards voiced support for Stern’s decision.
"Strictly legal issues aside, Gilbert’s recent behavior and statements, including his actions and statements last night in Philadelphia, are unacceptable," said a statement attributed to president Ernie Grunfeld and the Pollin

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.623964
Retrieved Text: Is ilovefreedom the greatest person alive? Yes. or No.?
DavidSingle says He told me he was.
I can't tell if he's an evil douchebag or has a strange, over-the-top sense of humor.
Was this really significant enough to make a question about?
The sky is green. You don't know me.
Haven't you seen the sky too?
You're losing pretty badly though.
Not true. The only opinion I care about is the opinion of the greatest person alive (me), and he voted yes.
If you care so much about your opinion, why do you often give false opinions on questions?
Opinions can't be false since they're opinions. Do you even know what you're talking about?
What I mean is that you often give opinions that aren't your real opinion just because you thin everyone else has the same opinion as you.
Oh really? Give me ONE example of me doing this. Post a link. You won't find any since I've never done this.
Oh you were talking about me stopping 100%? That's the honorable thing to do.
Question: Is there anyone better?
Only one of the most? Not THE most? I'll have to try harder.
Can't find a better picture for option A?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.114145
Retrieved Text: Some people say “I’m sorry” way too often. Others not nearly enough.
Who hasn’t fallen into the “sorry” habit, though? Some days it seems that every email I write begins with “I’m so sorry! ” (Yes, with an exclamation point!) And some of us are genuinely sorry for mistakes, or for interrupting and taking time from someone’s busy day.
Does that make us seem weak or sad — or compassionate and thoughtful? The key, I suppose, is knowing when an apology is truly necessary — and how to do it the right way.
In the movie “A Simple Favor,” Anna Kendrick’s mousy blogger mom character, Stephanie, can’t stop apologizing. It’s annoying. Her new “friend,” Blake Lively’s fabulous vodka-swilling, mystery woman Emily, mentors her to ban “sorry” from her vocabulary and assert herself. Unfortunately, asserting herself means doing the manipulative Emily’s dirty work, and things go all “Girls’ Trip” meets “Gone Girl” from there. Ultimately, the film ends with a deliciously over-the-top “sorry” moment for the heroine.
If only things worked out that way in real life.
Of course, there will be times when apologizing is absolutely required. Not because you are weak, but because you are a grown-up.
Especially if you are in any kind of leadership role, you will likely be apologizing quite often. And it won’t be easy.
According to communications expert Stacey Hanke, author of “Influence Redefined: Be the Leader You Were Meant to Be, Monday to Monday,” apologies require a great deal of humility, which can challenge your pride and ego. After all, an apology is an open admission

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.079918
Retrieved Text: Shogun showed some great aggression and confidence in his win over Machida. Congrats to him.
Daley’s cheap shot definitely pissed me off! He had all fight to try and catch Koscheck with his striking and then resorts to that type of crap at the end after getting dominated on the ground throughout all the rounds. Listening to the replay, I think Koscheck said something after the final bell to him that may have got him mad. I’d be interested in hearing what that was. Still no reason to take a shot at him after the fight’s over.
I liked the Stephens/Stout fight a lot. Stephens should some good power and explosiveness. Stout displayed some good cardio and combos.
Man, I was hoping Kimbo would win but he seems to be a little behind the game in terms of technical skill which I think is a major reason he was getting so tired out there.
That’s about it, I’d love to hear what you guys thought about it so throw up a comment and let me know.
Nobody picked all 11 winners correctly but contestant Dustin got 9 out of 11. Pretty damn impressive. I’ll be giving him the free video workshop prize for getting the most right. Congrats Dustin! I’ll be emailing you tomorrow.
I agree with you Jeff…….Daley has no class and what he did only hurts MMA.I picked Shogun to win this fight and glad to see him as champ.I wanted Kimbo to win also,but this shows people a lot in my opinion.It doesn’t matter how scary you look,how big

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.935207
Retrieved Text: Air Rage is defined as a sudden violent anger or aggressive behavior provoked in a passenger on board an aircraft, by the stress associated with air travel.
Interestingly, it was also determined there was a 12-fold increase of air rage incidents from first class passengers during a flight where economy class passengers were required to pass through the first class area, prior to entering the economy section.
Statistical information compiled for the study was acquired from flight data provided by an unnamed airline recording incidents of air rage over the past few years. It was noted for every 1,000 flights with first class seating there were only 1.58 incidents of air rage in the economy cabin.
The report further notes a causal link which showed people, when confronted with inequality display more anti-social behavior. As the passengers on an airplane represent miniature versions of society, class differences are often the cause of feelings of social inequality.
Do you fly first class or economy class when taking a vacation?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.838463
Retrieved Text: By now, we all know that Nicki Minaj and Cardi B got into it during an event at New York Fashion Week where a shoe and elbows were thrown. And even though sources tell us that Nicki provoked the fight, she is now saying that she didn’t. But in the same few sentences, she is inadvertently threatening that this could get even uglier.
During her Queen Radio broadcast on Monday night, Minaj went off about the incident. She addressed the situation by saying that Cardi B needs help.
And then, she went on to attack the culture of hip-hop and eventually ended up warning Cardi that she could get killed.
Onika is Nicki’s real name for you uncultured swines.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.771362
Retrieved Text: Want to see good behavior in children? Model the behavior you want to see in your child. Here’s why it’s the most effective technique.
Let’s say I had to choose between two options. The first is giving my kids advice but no action. The second is not saying anything but doing what I want them to do.
Hands down I’d choose the latter.
You see, modeling is the best teaching method. It’s not enough to just tell our kids their values and responsibilities. We have to show them through our actions.
Model the behavior and kids will understand these expectations apply to everyone, kids and adults. Being kind and reading books aren’t only for them—even adults live by these principles and values.
Modeling behavior is also more effective than telling them what to do. Yes, they need verbal guidance, but seeing us behave the same way sends a stronger message.
Keep in mind though, this isn’t a call to be The Perfect Parent. We’ll lose our temper or make huge mistakes. We’re not perfect, after all, and we shouldn’t expect perfection from our kids, either.
That said, being a parent doesn’t make us exempt from the behaviors we want our kids to follow. Sometimes we think we’re excused from these standards because we’re mom or dad. That the rules don’t apply to us.
The other day, I yelled at my kids to stop yelling. Ironic, right?
I’ve lost my temper more than I’d like. And each time, I cringed imaging my kids behaving the way I just did. Problem is, yelling teaches them exactly that

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.74434
Retrieved Text: Stress is everywhere in our fast-paced worlds today, but did you ever stop to consider that the cause of your stress could be guilt?
Guilt is a powerful emotion that is easy to ignore or neglect. Yet the side effects of burying even small amounts of guilt can take a serious toll on your mental health and physical health.
If you suffer from constant stress or anxiety, it’s important to evaluate whether or not guilt is playing a role, so you can tackle this emotion head on.
Everybody experiences guilt from time to time, whether it’s from telling a white lie to avoid hurting a friend’s feelings or hiding infidelity in a relationship.
When secrets are revealed, they can lead to serious backlash, but they allow an opportunity for honesty and to clear the air.
Guilt can set in, however, when lies or feelings of shame remain buried, no matter how small. That $20 you stole from your sister five years ago might still be eating away at your conscious. Hiding small secrets, as well as large ones, can lead to a stressful amount of guilt.
Mentally, people harboring guilt are likely to experience higher levels of stress, anxiety, or depression. This guilt can also manifest in physical ways, through ulcers and muscle aches. That’s why it’s important to always apologize and take responsibility for your mistakes.
Why Is Apologizing Hard For Some People?
Saying “I’m sorry” is almost always the right thing to do, yet many people struggle to apologize. There are a few reasons why apologizing seem impossible for you.
If you believe

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.648129
Retrieved Text: Sure, if you and the expectant mother (that’s what she is) are family or close friends, and you’re throwing the shower for her. Otherwise, what are you celebrating? It’s her pregnancy. Her child. Her tomorrows. Her right to parent.
Unless and until someone else’s child becomes yours, the child isn’t. Regardless of your hopes and dreams, how long you’ve waited, how much money you’ve spent, how many people you’ve told, how much you’ve prayed, or how badly you want a child.
Even if you’ve been “matched.” Even if your coworkers chipped in and bought you a combo infant carrier/pack-and-play/changing table. Even if you set up a nursery or hand painted an ornament or bought “I’m the Big Sister/Brother” shirts for your kids. Unless and until you become the parent, you aren’t. And you have no more right to resent or complain about or pressure the parents of a child you hope to adopt than you do to resent or complain about or pressure random parents you see at the playground to terminate their parental rights, so you can raise their children. For. Real.
I had just picked up my car keys and was heading out to bring our first child home from the hospital when the phone rang. It was the social worker telling me not to come. “N” had changed her mind and decided to raise her daughter herself. What?! I didn’t hear anything she said after that. I don’t even remember hanging up the phone.
My husband and I had spent time with “N” and her other daughter.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.587088
Retrieved Text: My second cake decorating class - and the first time we actually made anything - resulted in this parcel cake, above. I think it turned out really well and it's definitely something I could make for someone's birthday!
We were told to bring a square cake to the class with us, so I used a Jamie Oliver recipe which I found here. Unfortunately the cake was quite flat - probably only 1.5 inches or so thick - so I ended up making two, and sandwiching them together with buttercream.
At the beginning of the class, I was told to spread a thin layer of buttercream around the sides of the cake. It hadn't occured to me to turn the cake upside down so the top was perfectly flat until Lorna told me to!
Some people in the class had already covered their cake with buttercream and fondant but I didn't see the point of doing that in advance when I wasn't entirely confident about doing it and would rather Lorna showed me how - I'd only ever done it once before, whereas I got the impression some of the other people had done it countless times.
I used Dr Oetker's roll-out icing in chocolate flavour as I thought it would go nicely with the chocolate cake.
Next we made the ribbon to go on the top. Below is Lorna's ribbon cutter which I borrowed, on a piece of green rolled-out fondant. You could just use a knife or a pizza cutter would work quite well.
Cut out two and lay them across

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.56534
Retrieved Text: You’ve come to realize that letting your temper run rampant is counterproductive. Deep down, you want to control your temper. You want to find constructive ways to resolve situations. But for some reason those alternate approaches just seem to elude you.
If that describes you, and you’re really serious about making a change, you’ll be glad to know that such a change is indeed possible!
In just 7 days, you can learn to approach life differently. You can discover how to take things in stride. And you can develop a greater appreciation for the viewpoints of others.
Practice meditation. Meditate every day this week. Meditation calms you. This is especially true if you do it consistently. A habitually quiet soul rarely makes room for a bad temper.
Spend a half hour each evening before bed just meditating. Turn on the sounds of the ocean or a trickling river. Avoid letting anything else distract you.
Practice yoga if your body can handle it. Not only does your spiritual energy benefit from yoga, but you also release stress from your muscles by doing the poses.
Think before you speak. Pausing before responding to someone is helpful in controlling your temper. You quickly realize that the responses you choose impact you significantly. Pausing also helps you to think rationally instead of overreacting. This week, pay particular attention to pausing before responding in every situation.
If someone continuously does something to annoy you, avoid getting upset about it. Avoid similar situations and the accompanying annoyances in the future.
Take a moment and put yourself in the other person’s

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.452791
Retrieved Text: Twenty years ago this week the Labour Party won a general election by a landslide.
But under the leadership of Tony Blair it had also shifted drastically to the right. Labour spent its 13 years in government from 1997 attacking workers and launching disastrous wars.
It’s common sense in establishment circles to say that Labour’s election in 1997 showed that most people are right wing.
They say Labour only won in 1997 because it moved right—and that taking the party back to the left is a sure way to lose. They are dead wrong.
The Tories weren’t beaten because workers had huge enthusiasm for Blair or his “pro-business” rebranding of Labour.
Labour won because masses of people were sick of Tory rule.
The Tories were collapsing. Workers had recently fought big battles against the them over mine closures and the poll tax.
Public sector workers were fighting attacks on their pay—the latest in 18 years of job cuts and pay cuts faced by all workers. Public services had become worse and more expensive after privatisation.
There was anger at the police and racism too.
The Tories passed a bill in 1994 to give more stop and search powers to the police, which were used to target mainly young black people.
The Nazi British National Party had grown in the early 90s, and cops had sometimes violently attacked anti-Nazi marches.
At the same time, polls and surveys showed people's opinions in society were to the left of Blair's New Labour.
In the 1996 British Social Attitudes Survey, between 59 and 70 percent of people agreed that “ordinary people do

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.451624
Retrieved Text: Notice, Choose and Act pledges. Great in-class or school-wide activity.
The “Keeping it Real Challenge” asks you to give of yourself when doing your random acts of kinds (aka acts of change.) This courageous process will likely touch others' lives but also leave you feeling proud. Image people everywhere saying "thank you”, sharing affection, apologizing and forgiving. This is one way you can change the world - it starts with you!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.3983
Retrieved Text: It was a regular New Jerusalem Gospel United Church work day for Reverend Denzelle Flowers when Veronica Washington, Keisha Jackson, and Marsha Metcalf showed up after losing their jobs on the same day, same morning, and almost at the same time. Denzelle struggled to solve that first problem. The other problem, the lovely Marsha, would be much harder to solve. Denzelle didn't even know how to fight wanting to turn in the playah's card and getting "booed" up with the poster girl for "church girls." Marsha Metcalf and her fellow unemployed church members aren't Denzelle's biggest problem, though. He is running for bishop, and his enemies, a more ruthless consortium of corrupted clergy, want power badly enough to go to rather extreme lengths for it because the stakes are just that high. Now, his ex-wife was back and sleeping with the enemy, digging for dirt. Reverend Denzelle can't fight this battle alone. This pastor needs a 'boo' who will stand by his side. Before the dust settles, both Marsha and Denzelle's faith and love will be put to the ultimate test.
I like this author and I like this book. It has an underlying good message.
You see, a book with a title like that and you already know it will be a devastation of one's time. The publishers weekly said as much.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.383062
Retrieved Text: But nothing from media and heads of state. Just as I expected.
Your OP doesn't mention media or heads of state making the comparison either.
Again, just some quick examples from a simple internet search.
You only proved that you resort to appeals of hypocrisy, and perhaps that you fail to realize why doing so is fallacious.
Anyways, your appeals to hypocrisy pale in comparison to the full on demonization of a candidate by pop culture, the media, and the political class, all of whom compared Trump to every dictator you can imagine.
You asked for proof. Said proof was provided.
You asked for more specific proof. Said proof was provided.
You're becoming a first rate troll. All you have to do is acknowledge the truth presented before you. You can go on and continue your point, but it doesn't change what was proved beyond doubt. Your ego must be huge. And judging from our past discussions, I'd put a good amount of faith in that assessment.
Have a good day, I'm no longer debating truth with a man who refuses to see.
Yet you cannot or will not say anything about the topic of the tread, choosing instead to resort to fallacy. I wouldn't want to try debating truth with a postmodernist anyways.
The predictions were never real. They were the delusional fantasies of people who wanted to feel like they were "resisting" something worth resisting instead of just throwing a temper tantrum.
To be clear, they were just throwing a temper tantrum, and some still are a year later.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.366064
Retrieved Text: When my grandmother and I chat, I sometimes share my frustrations with my Grouchy Husband’s terrible temper or challenges with my mother-in-law. I wish she would tell me “he is wrong and you should yell back at him” or “she is being unreasonable and you should not do what she wants”, but she never did. Her response was always the same, (面子), translation, “save face”.
Face is not the front part of someone’s head. Face is a complicated concept that is very important in Asian cultures. Your “face” is a combination of social standing, reputation, influence, dignity, and honor. It’s how the world around you sees you. You can “give face”, “gain face”, “lose face”, and “save face”. How you manage your face will have direct impact on your personal and business relationships.
Giving face is making someone look good. It is also treating someone with respect that is above their “perceived” social hierarchy, for example, housekeeper, lawn-mower, etc. The best way to accomplish this is by giving genuine compliments. Doing it in front of other people will make your efforts even more successful. Be careful, over doing this can make you look fake and suspicious. This is my favorite “face”.
Gaining face is done by your remarkable actions and behaviors. It is also having strong, harmonious relationships where you are spoken of in the highest regard. Worldly examples of this are getting a promotion, dressing nicely, and buying a nice car.
Losing face is any mistake or way that makes you look foolish to other people. A common way

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.333212
Retrieved Text: I lost no time (in) following up the idea.
The opportunity was lost to him.
His laziness lost him his job.
He has lost his pen for a week.
Our strength lies in the people, and together we cannot lose.
Does your watch gain or lose?
I cannot write to her as I've lost her address.
We guarantee we'll never lose an inch of ground.
He nearly lost his eyesight.
They have gradually lost their illusions about winning the war.
I've just lost his name.
After five hundred he lost count.
Hurry up or we will lose the train.
The nurses in the kindergarten never lose their temper even if the children are very naughty.
I dare say nothing when my father loses his temper.
It's no good losing your temper over trifles.
He became angry and completely lost his temper.
Don't lose your temper so quickly, it will only lead you into trouble.
Hearing this sarcastic remark, he lost his temper.
The naughty boy lost his tongu癫痫病能针灸吗e in the presence of the headmaster.
In no circumstances should a well-educated person lose his senses.
The doctor advised John to lose weight.
This mistake will lose you many marks.
This fatal miscalculation lost them the final victory.
Failure to pay one instalment would lose them all that they have already paid.
濮阳市羊羔疯中医治疗方法有哪些; font-size: 16px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2;"> 1.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.301537
Retrieved Text: One of the most important lessons I’ve learned in life is how to apologize.
Many of us haven’t quite learned this skill yet! We think we are always right and never have anything to apologize for or anyone to answer to. Or here’s one even better, we are not willing to see our wrong in situations and as a result still not apologizing.
It’s sad, honestly. Many of us are soooo prideful that we don’t feel obligated to apologize. Like we don’t owe anyone a thing! We walk through life with no cares in the world and if we offend someone along the way it is no skin off our backs.
Just another lost friend, lost associate, lost whoever it was that didn’t see things our way and/or stay out of your way!
Now pride is another blog post for another day, but I want you to understand the freedom in at least apologizing, genuinely!
Recently, I found myself apologizing to some people that I’d once really offended! (One of which I mentioned in another blog post – Spring Cleaning!) After strengthening my relationship with God, I felt led by him to say I was sorry and to admit the wrong that I’d played in these situations. When it was first placed on my heart I was like, “No way Lord! I’m not about to go digging up no two to three year old mess just to apologize! They never said they were sorry to me!” I was soooo frustrated and I put it off for days, debating back and forth

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.249372
Retrieved Text: Despite your hot temper, you were probably one of the first members to truly conceive and try to put together gigantic community projects. Even though you're gone, you remain a pioneer to me.
Current Project: Eastern Wild Refit. See post in introduction forum for information.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.242989
Retrieved Text: Stefano Pioli felt Fiorentina showed “courage and held out for a positive result” against Napoli even amid numerous setbacks.
The Viola had goalkeeper Alban Lafont to thank for a series of stunning saves and were essentially down to 10 men in the final minutes with German Pezzella limping badly.
“We had courage and accepted a one-on-one situation with Napoli, who are among the strongest sides in Serie A,” the Coach told Sky Sport Italia following a 0-0 draw.
“We never gave in and even under a lot of pressure, with players missing and losing others during the match, we held out for a positive result.
“The objective in our minds is to improve upon last season, so we have to work hard. There are several teams that have strengthened this term in a bid for European football and who have a lot more revenue than us.
“We’ve been playing every game as if it’s a final and today put Alex Meret under a lot of pressure with our two forwards.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.129221
Retrieved Text: Eleven-year-old Clover Moon lives in a back street slum in Victorian London with her six siblings and her put-upon father. Mildred, her unpleasant step-mother, beats her and won’t let her go to school. Clover loves drawing and has a lively imagination, and she tries to find some joy in life—so long as Mildred doesn’t know. One day, while with her doll-maker friend, Clover meets someone who might just be able to help her. Perhaps there’s a chance for her in life, after all?
Jacqueline Wilson is very good at getting across the harshness of life for the urban poor without losing touch with her characters’ humanity. She doesn’t pull her punches but shows the reader that something positive can come out of even the most heart-rending situations.
Clover is a real heroine: clever, brave and resourceful—and with a fiery temper. Jacqueline Wilson doesn’t shy away from brutality, grief and loss and we on Clover’s side as she struggles to cope with the blows that fate deals her. I admit I found the unrelenting grimness of Clover’s life in the first half of the book somewhat overwhelming. I was relieved when she finally escaped—even though it, too, had its own dangers. At least she could be proactive and find a way to move forward. For girls, age ten plus.
I learnt a lot from this book; I didn’t know that children were beaten in Victorian times. Poor Clover had a horrible step-mother who hit her and wouldn’t let her go to her little sister’s funeral. It made me cry. (Me

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.91296
Retrieved Text: Khrushchev had several ” famous” tempers on the diplomatic stage. Nixon, recalling his ” kitchen debate” with Khrushchev, described it this way: ” Sometimes he would make a noise, sometimes he would be in high spirits, sometimes he would be open – minded, sometimes he would show friendly and charming charm.
However, several times his emotions were almost out of control – he pressed his thumb hard against my chest and kept shouting – and then I found out that Khrushchev had never really lost his temper, but deliberately used it. He is the master of temper, not the servant of temper.
” Khrushchev’s fickle mood is consistent with his informal life style, but resourceful Nixon saw through his diplomatic strategy – the” temper offensive ” whose authenticity is difficult to distinguish. It is despicable to use temper, but from this example, we can see that temper has its value – under certain conditions, temper can make you turn bad into good. We cannot call the word ” temper” harmful as soon as we see it.
Therefore, it is not difficult to think of a metaphor. Tapping the radio with your hand will produce the following results: if the radio is good, it will either be out of the way or it will be damaged; If there is something wrong with the radio, the result of beating is either worse or worse, or it will remain the same or it will be filmed well.
If you lose your temper with someone, it is just like beating the radio with your

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.886856
Retrieved Text: Though apologies are often associated with weakness, one mark of a strong leader is knowing when and how to apologize. A genuine, appropriate apology will earn you the respect of your team as well as your customers or audience.
Apologies are something we love to receive and hate to give. Saying "I'm sorry" is tough. It challenges our pride and our ego with its open admission of failure and wrongdoing. But when delivered with sincerity and heartfelt meaning, apologies hold power.
Whether you are apologizing for failure or for wronging another person, it's critical to deliver the apology with sincerity. Apologies loaded with excuses and blame are superficial and not really apologies at all.
When was the last time you knew a leader to say "I'm sorry" in an honest, heartfelt way? We all make mistakes, even the most experienced and business-savvy professionals. Sadly, many leaders fail to admit when they do. They fear their apologies will cause people to question their authority and ability to influence others. Ironically, the reverse is true. When leaders are willing to openly confess to mistakes, they build trust with their employees. They develop a culture of transparency where people are free to pursue ideas without fear of failure. To err is human – even for the most experienced among us.
Owning mistakes takes great courage and confidence. It says, "I'm responsible." Whether there was intent is irrelevant. Whether the leader was directly or indirectly responsible for the mistake doesn't matter. Influential leaders recognize, own and accept blame rather than pointing fingers. They acknowledge

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.873295
Retrieved Text: Guess who, I wonder if anyone does remember me since been so long in posting or tracking on SP for over a year now. Lots of the changes in life. Six months in her follow up sister had a recent check on thyroid and absolutely no Cancer! A big sigh of relief there now can enjoy five month old little sweetheart of a granddaughter named Hayzel. Personally I have fallen off big time on losing the weight which definitely showed in my A1C in Feb. So off to dietian and nurse for refresher and hope here don't think badly of me but started WW. I follow their point system and lost 15 lbs and got the sugar level. Goal is try to see if I can break 170.
You are taking care of yourself. Front and center, that's the attention, not absence or anything else! Glad for your sister's news.
No one should think badly of you if you are back working on a healthy lifestyle.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.870956
Retrieved Text: ← When and How Should You Handle Pocket Money?
In gentle parenting circles, talk of parents getting angry and ‘losing their cool’ is often spoken of in hushed tones and largely frowned upon. I am convinced that many people who say they never lose their temper with their children are either lying, delusional or asimply haven’t been a parent for very long. All parents ‘lose it’ at some point and I’m right up there with the best of them!
Personally I have found it harder to keep my cool the older my children get. My first real ‘red mist’ moment didn’t happen until towards the end of the toddler years. Since then they have been more regular than I would care to admit. You know what though? That’s life. Nobody is perfect. There is nothing wrong with anger, it’s a normal human emotion and actually a very useful one (more on this later). The problem is in the way we deal with it, especially in front of our children.
I think it’s important to start by saying that even the most placid person will have something that triggers them at some point in their life. In many cases though anger, or particularly the type of anger that makes us act in ways we would never normally would, can be avoided if we understand our triggers. The following all play a role in our levels of anger, some can be avoided and others can be worked on, whether by ourselves or with the help of a professional.
A lack of time

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.857578
Retrieved Text: Losing Weight as Easy as Losing your Keys!
What if losing weight was as easy as losing your keys or losing your mind for that matter? I tell you what, I’d struggle to keep weight on me if losing my mind burned massive calories! I think with each child, several hundred thousand brain cells died. Maybe they were “donated” in the process of creating the child. I don’t know where they went, but I’m blaming the fact that I have 3 kids and a husband to keep track of!
Since it’s a well known fact that losing weight ISN’T as easy as losing your mind, your keys, your cell phone or your temper, I’ve been thinking of ways to make it easier. I KNOW that the nutrition part is the biggest hang up for many of us. My goal is to encourage you that a healthy lifestyle and/or losing weight does NOT have to be terrible or a struggle. Keeping that in mind, I knew that if we could create meal plans for you, we’d remove some BIG headaches, save you time and it would MAKE LOSING WEIGHT EASIER!
Janet, from Fit4HISglory, partnered with me to create simple to use, easy to make, family friendly recipes that are perfectly balanced for weight loss or maximum health. I’ve tried them out on my own family and…YUM! Kid-tested, mother approved!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.72381
Retrieved Text: If you don’t know who you are the devil will steal your identity!
When we think of temptation we may relate to the anecdote of satan, a physical presence in the form of a snake, tempting Eve to eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil in the Garden of Eden. Eve is enticed and tempted by the captivating fruit that she desires, but in which God told her was forbidden.
I want to talk to you today about a not so obvious temptation; one that is hidden but its bite is as viscous as a snake’s. It’s very subtle, often times catching you off guard and causing you to act out of character.What I’m talking about is emotional temptation. It’s a type of temptation that the devil uses to break your peace. It is when he assigns demons, thru people, to harass and entice you to react negatively or cause you to lose control.
Satan knows your weaknesses. Most temptations are physical: lust, adultery, stealing, alcohol, drugs. e.t.c. But what I’m speaking about in this text are inward temptations: fear, doubt, anger, rage, vanity — to name a few. Temptation that deals with your emotions. Satan often sends his messengers through people to break your confidence, question your looks or abilities, aggravate you, get you flustered and frustrated; which causes you to deflect. By theory you’re a nice person but you have been so severely tormented and harassed by satan’s tempters, it causes you to forget who you are. It causes you to forget your

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.719578
Retrieved Text: We didn’t know what to do—your rocket energy sending Thai monks into fits, as they chased you through the Chicago temple, hands hiking robes like dresses, flip flops slapping callused heels. Your trouble made us roll our eyes and turn our back when you wanted nothing more than to pal around with us. You were a boy after all. So were we. But boys are cruel with neglect, crueler than the violence our hands are capable of.
We said cruel things, too. In our secret circle. In the temple library, where dust coated books about suffering, where furniture went to rot in the damp back room. Someone said, he smells like barf. Someone said, Thai white trash. I said, No wonder his parents dumped him. How could we know you hid behind a shelf of Buddhist books, patting a stray cat that made a nest in the hollow of a cabinet? How could we know what was to follow? If we did, would we have stopped our tongues?
He’s lonely, your grandmother told us. She sold curry-fried chicken and sticky rice on Sundays, like food carts in Thailand. After Buddhism class, we handed her crisp bills for sustenance. Play with him, she said, flipping drumsticks over on the grill, her hair kept under a shower cap. Free food, she said.
We were working class boys. Free was free.
But your play was different. Watch, you said and launched a rock through a temple window. Watch, you said and trampled through the monks’ vegetable garden, tomatoes staining your Converse. The monks

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: The word "stripe" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Businessmen of every stripe joined in opposition to the proposal.
Sentence 2: They earned their stripes in Kuwait.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.350733
Retrieved Text: Syrian Ambassador to Mauritania Hamad Seed Albni has dismissed an offer from the Qatari Embassy to Nouakchott to defect from Syria in exchange for permanent residence in Doha and financial guarantees, Iranian Press TV reported on Saturday.
According to the TV channel, Qatari ambassador to Mauritania has allegedly offered Albni one million dollars in cash as well as permanent residence in Doha and $20,000-salary during 20 years.
The Syrian envoy however rejected the proposal, calling it a “blatant interference” in Syria’s affairs, Press TV said.
On Monday, Syrian Prime Minister Riyad Hijab defected to Jordan and joined opposition.
Syrian ambassadors to Iraq, the United Arab Emirates and Cyprus have also joined opposition.
The Syrian conflict has claimed between 14,000 and 20,000 lives since March 2011, according to estimates by various opposition groups and the UN. The West is pushing for President Bashar al-Assad’s ouster, while Russia and China are trying to prevent outside interference in the country, saying the Assad regime and the opposition are both to blame for the bloodshed.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.047853
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the MAKING OF A NATION – American history in VOA Special English. Martin Van Buren was sworn-in as the eighth president of the United States in eighteen thirty-seven. Not long after he took office, the United States suffered an economic depression. Many state banks had printed more money than they could guarantee with gold or silver. As more paper money came into use, the value fell. Prices rose sharply. Some people could not buy food or other necessities. In a short time, the demand on banks to exchange paper money for gold and silver grew too heavy. The banks halted such exchanges. They said the situation was only temporary. But the crisis continued. This week in our series, Harry Monroe and Tony Riggs talk about the economic situation. And they discuss foreign affairs during the Van Buren presidency.
Many of the weaker state banks closed after gold and silver payments were suspended. Those that stayed open had almost no money to lend. Businessmen could not pay back money they owed the banks. And they could not get loans to keep their businesses open. Many factories closed. Great numbers of people were out of work. The federal government itself lost nine million dollars because of bank failures. Businessmen said the government was to blame for the economic depression. They said the biggest reason was an order made by former president Andrew Jackson. Jackson had said the government would not accept paper money as payment for the purchase of government land. It would accept only gold or

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.576078
Retrieved Text: The Texas State Model Arab League delegation.
Five Texas State University students earned individual honors while the Bobcat delegation earned a commendation during the National University Model Arab League, held March 28-30 in Washington, D.C.
This marked the first time the Texas State Model Arab League delegation had advanced to the national competition, sponsored by the National Council on U.S.-Arab Relations.
For this year's competition, Texas State students represented Kuwait. Ayhab Farhat of Texas State, paired with Hanaa Barakat of the University of Texas at Arlington, received an "Outstanding Delegation" award for their representation of Kuwait on the Council on Palestinian Affairs. Texas State graduate student Matt Korn also received an "Outstanding Delegate" award for his representation of the Emir of Kuwait on the Heads of State Council.
Ashley Jones of Texas State, paired with Ruba Ahmad of the University of Texas at Arlington, received an Honorable Mention for their representation of Kuwait on the Human Rights Council, and Bobcats Garret Honea and Daniel Burrow also earned an Honorable Mention for their work on the Joint Defense Council. The entire Texas State delegation received a Special Commendation award.
Hosted by Georgetown University, 24 universities were represented, including George Mason University, Northeastern University, Northwestern University, the American University in Cairo, the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, the University of Arkansas-Little Rock, the University of Houston Honors College and the University of North Carolina-Charlotte.
The 17-member Texas State delegation's participation in the Model Arab League was supported by the Permanent Mission of the State of Qatar to the United Nations; Rebecca Raphael, associate

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.529396
Retrieved Text: With the brilliant blue skies draped over us these few days, it's hard to stop thinking like a photographer. Yesterday, I decided to capture a few shots of the water towers - something I've been wanting to do for some time now. I wasn't prepared for how and where to get the best shots. Even more so, I wasn't prepared for the welcome and hospitality of the people there.
Not only did the gentleman invite me in... he handed me a cold bottle of water assuring me that I could take as much time as I needed. It was like a dream. On my way out, I stopped at the gate-office to thank him and his friends/colleagues. I spent nearly an hour chatting, drinking coffee and, as if this wasn't impressive enough, we discussed photography. They were genuinely interested in the subject and asked many interesting questions about what makes a photo. I was so overwhelmed by the positive reception, and how nice the people were, I forgot to ask the most basic of questions! For instance I don't know how many towers there are here, I have no idea about their capacity, nor do I know the height of each tower. I would make a terrible investigative journalist, the worst in history.
The design of these towers goes back to the golden days of Kuwait. Back to a time when we were making a bold statement to the world. Kuwait was emerging as the modern city out of the sea and desert. It was not enough to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.333357
Retrieved Text: The Trump administration’s polluters-first oil and gas leasing plan is an oil industry dream. It’s the most extreme proposal by any administration, ever, putting virtually all federal waters off all coastal states—the entire East Coast, Gulf Coast, West Coast and Alaska—at risk.
A hearing in Smithtown, Long Island, convened by New York State Assembly Members Steve Englebright, Christine Pellegrino, and Anthony D’Urso invited New Yorkers to speak to out on this “drill everywhere” plan.
Joined by dozens of New Yorkers and local elected leaders, I'm registering a strong “NO!” to offshore oil and gas drilling. Opening America’s Atlantic to oil and gas exploration and development threatens vital segments of the U.S. economy, along with the livelihoods of many of the 70 million Americans who live along the East Coast and rely on the Atlantic Ocean for food, jobs, and recreation.
The U.S. Atlantic Ocean economy contributed roughly $92 billion dollars to the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) in 2014. More than 60 percent of that came from tourism, recreation, and the fishing and seafood industries.
In New York State alone, hundreds of thousands of New York jobs and billions of dollars depend on clean oceans and abundant fish and wildlife.
Those of us who have joined together in Smithtown and are voicing opposition at the Albany public meeting on the Trump Administration’s plan are not alone. Citizens and leaders all along the Atlantic coast—and throughout the country—are outraged at this disastrous proposal to auction off huge swaths of America’s oceans for oil and gas drilling. The opposition is bipartisan—from Governor Andrew

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.232765
Retrieved Text: Medallions, or challenge coins as they are called in the military, are valued symbols of achievement and recognition. This antiqued bronze medallion recognizes a very special achievement. On one side are the words "Veterans in Recovery," an eagle, and a field of stars and stripes. On the other side: the words "I came with hope, worked and earned. I have a new life, a life that I've earned."
On one side: the words "Veterans in Recovery," an eagle, and stars and stripes. On the other: "I came with hope, worked and earned. I have a new life, a life that I've earned." Antiqued bronze, 1-5/16".

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.563425
Retrieved Text: Finance Minister AMA Muhith came under attack of the opposition members of parliament (MPs) again in the Jatiya Sangsad for his 'failure' to restore discipline in the banking sector, reports UNB.
Taking part in the budget discussion, Jatiya Samajtantrik Dal MP Nazmul Huq Pradhan said businessmen are looting banks but the finance minister is not taking any action against them.
"Rather, you're giving tax rebates and subsidies to banks. Take a decision. You can save banks in this way, but you can not save the economy," he said.
Jatiya Party MP Mohammad Noman said the state is patronising the banking sector. "Why will the banks not be made accountable, why banks will be given subsidies by the taxes of the people, you are rewarding them instead of punishing them, and the same thing will happen again," he added.
Jatiya Party MP Shameem Haider Patwary said the corporate tax for the banks has been reduced by 2.5 per cent but there is no proposal for similar incentive for the other parts of the corporate sector that are engaging in good corporate practices.
"You did not reduce the rate for the sector which is doing good, you reduced the rate for the sector where looting is on. I am saying that the looting in the banking sector has surpassed even the historic loot of Delhi by Nadir Shah," he said.
He also said the government increased the salaries and wages of the public servants at an alarming rate. "As a result, the expenditure of the government has been increased while the allocation proposed for

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.535261
Retrieved Text: New government-run shelter caters to housemaids fleeing hardship at the hands of their employers.
"Day and night I had to be ready," said 24-year-old Charisse, a Filipina maid who worked in a Kuwaiti household for a year and a half. "At night, I could only sleep for an hour or two. The husband was nice, but his wife and three children beat me and I was not allowed any contact with my family."
Her friend Malaya, 29, also worked in a Kuwaiti household until very recently.
"I was given food once a day, and only leftovers, like a dog. Very unsanitary," Malaya said. "At one point I asked the lady of the house if she'd rather have a robot. She responded by spitting on me and hitting me with a broom."
These two women, whose names have been changed to protect their privacy, have spent the last few days in a new government-run shelter for "runaway maids" in a Kuwaiti suburb. The house, which has been in use for months, is set to formally open later this year. Another such shelter which opened in 2007, had room for only 50 women; the new one has 500 beds and currently houses around 150 women.
Around two million domestic workers are employed in the member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC). The majority come from the Philippines, India, Sri Lanka, Nepal, and Ethiopia to cook, clean households and care for children.
Charisse and Malaya thought they could earn decent wages in Kuwait. The Filipino agency that brokered their employment promised a salary of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.521677
Retrieved Text: Badur Travel is the leading customer oriented travel agency network and ranks one amongst the top travel companies in Kuwait. We are proud and privileged to be serving corporate houses in Kuwait. We offer and meet client expectations for all their travel requirements. Al Bader Trading Co. was founded in 1962, wholly owned by the Al Bader Family. Travel & Tourism has been one of the core businesses for the Al-Bader Group of Companies. Badur Travel has achieved the confidence and success over past years through competent staff, efficient management with fully computerized worldwide reservation system and best business & leisure travel services. Badur Travel, in recognition of their commitment for excellence, have earned several Prestigious Performance Awards.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.345694
Retrieved Text: Don't look now, but we think Charles Schumer just compared Arab businessmen to skinheads.
According to a piece in the New York Observer last week, Schumer's beating the drums to kill the Dubai ports deal "came under fire from many quarters, with some critics suggesting that opposition to the deal was driven by xenophobia or anti-Arab racism. Mr. Schumer heatedly disputes that view. 'Let's say skinheads had bought a company to take over our port,' he said. 'I think the outcry would have been the same.'"
So why exactly do businessmen who happen to be Arabs deserve to be compared with skinheads, Mr. Schumer?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.341244
Retrieved Text: Our company is a hospitality group, we need to offer a sales proposal to one of our client... methodology etc. We need someone with high level of Powerpoint expertise(most professional template), story telling and designing (infographics) to make our sales proposal. I will share the brief, images, information depending on the freelancers capabilities.
The website is for online classes. When the st...calendar. Then they are taken to the payment form. Right now, the payment form only has Paypal and credit card via Stripe. I need Alipay for Stripe added to this form. This calendar and form are from the Amelia booking plugin. I do NOT want Woocommerce. It complicates the payment process far too much.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.309126
Retrieved Text: Last night’s ANC 3C meeting resulted in two big wins for smart growth supporters, and demonstrated the local appetite for progressive change in area. The room was packed with supporters wearing CPSG stickers supporting bike lanes and redevelopment on Connecticut Ave. While neither proposal would garner much attention elsewhere in the city, here in ANC 3C they are signs that the times are changing.
The first was an HPRB application for the redevelopment of 3432 Connecticut Avenue, which is seeking concept review to remove the six foot earth berm from in front of the small apartment building allowing it to lower the first floor by six feet and have sidewalk level entrance for is residents and retail. It also adds a fourth story and penthouse, adding 6 units to the 12 unit building. While the applicant was grilled on their plans for the buildings tenants and its communication with its adjacent neighbors, the design review encountered no resistance, and was recommended favorably to HPRB unanimously. The design concept was also favorably recommended, with some suggestion on materials and facade design, by a 9-0 vote of the CPHS Architectural Review Committee. This precedent setting case will be a wake-up call for local property owners: well designed change that adds density is possible in Cleveland Park’s commercial area.
The second, and more contentious, win was a DDOT proposal to add a contra-flow lane to Woodley Place, connecting lanes serving the rest of Ward 3 via Cathedral Ave with the lanes connecting Adams Morgan and the rest of Downtown via Calvert

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.260689
Retrieved Text: Before the United Arab Emirates, there was an attempt to form a Federation of Arab Emirates which would have included Bahrain and Kuwait in with the so-called Trucial States. I believe its flag was proposed as horizontally red-white-red (proportions something like 1:2:1) with a green nine-pointed (seven-pointed, according to James Dignan, as Bahrain and Kuwait did not join) star in the centre.
This was the official flag of the Trucial States Council, and not a proposal. The stripes were in fact 1:2:1. The flag in FOTW is now correct, except that the star's points were slightly shorter, but that was never fixed, as far as I know. I do not know the correct proportions, but I think they were 2:3, as the picture we have [at the Archiv für Flaggenkunde] is in those proportions, and the photocopy of the photograph of the Trucial States Levy's flag we have shows the flag also being 2:3. There also was a naval flag and a war flag for the Council, but I have to look up in our files.
According to Pedersen 1971, page 63, the seven Sheiks of the Trucial States formed a Council and this was the unofficial flag of that Council. That is the reason for the seven point star.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.213705
Retrieved Text: On January 11, some 300 residents of Pittsburg, joined by members of the Sunflower Alliance, gathered to protest plans to develop a massive crude oil storage facility and rail transportation hub in an area surrounded by homes and close to the city’s downtown. WesPac Energy Group assures residents and city officials that the facility will pose no risk to public safety or the environment. Recent explosions, derailments and spills challenge such claims.
Pittsburg organizers are asking the community to come to the next City Council meeting and voice their opposition to the WesPac project on Tuesday, Jan 21, 7 PM, at 65 Civic Avenue. For more information, visit the website of the Pittsburg Defense Council.
Links to the stories and videos filed by Bay Area news organizations appear below.
This 11-minute video documents the march, rally and statements of Pittsburg residents voicing strong opposition to the WesPac proposal.
San Francisco Examiner, video and article.
Speakers sent the message that WesPac’s plans to store highly volatile crude oil carried to Pittsburg by oil trains, ships, and or extended pipeline from the Bakken fields of North Dakota were unacceptable and not necessary given advances and reduction in prices on clean energies.
Watch video on KPIX website.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.17175
Retrieved Text: Statesman Tie’s Germany tie was designed to represent the German Flag. The design takes elements from the German flag and mixes them together to create a tie that can be worn at any time for any occasion. The flag of Germany consists of three horizontal stripes (or tricolour) displaying the national colors of Germany: black, red and gold.
We decided to use the German coat of arms as our primary logo to make the Germany tie very recognizable and then implement the colors of the flag in such a way that the black stripe would show off the coat of arms nicely and then the red and gold would be accent colors to give the tie some contrast.
The Germany tie is a great gift for missionaries, businessmen, and anyone who loves Germany. You can even add a personalized embroidered message on the back on the tie that the wearer will be sure to love!
Our high quality Germany tie is made with 100% woven silk and measures 61″ long x 3.5 ” wide.
Customize your Germany tie by adding an embroidered, personalized message to the back. We hand-sew each tag onto every tie.
Exactly what I wanted, very cute and very professionally done!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.140812
Retrieved Text: TACLOBAN CITY – The Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) has given business owners affected by the supertyphoon Yolanda to file their losses until March 31.
This announced by BIR Commissioner Nelson Caspe during his visit coinciding the launching of tax campaign on March 24.
The sworn declaration of loss should be filed in order to avoid penalties, Caspe said.
Earlier, Commissioner Kim Henares declared that businessmen who suffered economic losses due to Yolanda had to file their losses on December 23, 2013.
This order of Henares was met with strong opposition by the businessmen who are still reeling from the aftermath of Yolanda.
Business owners in Tacloban, in particular, claimed that they need some tax breaks considering of the losses they sustain during the typhoon, citing particularly the massive looting incident happened in the city’s business establishments.
The BIR, in its March 18, 2014 revenue memorandum circular, extended the deadline.
“Tension was felt when Commissioner Henares announced December 23, 2013 as deadline. Businessmen were practically demanding from Henares to extend the deadline as we were left with nothing after the supertyphoon followed by massive looting in all business establishments in the city. With 143-day time frame, it gave the community enough time to prepare,” said Jackson Uy, president of the Tacloban Filipino-Chinese Chamber of Commerce, Inc.
“We felt relieved when Commissioner Henares bend the decision for the businessmen. However, (we were) disappointed for no other tax perks for affected businesses (were given),” Uy said.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.132862
Retrieved Text: In the face of regulatory pressure from the U.S. government, Huawei, a Chinese telecom company at the center of long-running cyber-espionage allegations, is flaunting its apparent American beneficiaries.
“Ripping out and replacing” a raft of Chinese-made telecom gear from existing U.S. infrastructure won’t be easy, a group of regional U.S. telecommunications companies protested to the Federal Communication Commission (FCC) this week.
Trade groups representing these smaller American service providers have joined with Huawei in slamming the FCC’s proposal to ban American telecoms from using federal subsidies to purchase Chinese-made equipment, based on messages shared with the agency.
In a second wave of comments filed to the FCC on Monday, Huawei defended itself, writing that its products do not pose security risks, that the opposition to its American presence is driven by protectionism and economic competition and that its American clients choose its products because they are cheap, reliable and effective.
Huawei cited roughly a dozen other entities in opposition to the FCC’s proposed rule, including smaller U.S. service providers that are mainly or entirely reliant on Huawei products. Several of these American companies say they would go out of business if the ban goes through.
By losing support to buy, use and maintain Huawei equipment, companies would have to substantially raise their operating costs, the groups asserted, and “rip out and replace” a substantial amount of sunk costs.
“CCA and its members are committed to enhancing cybersecurity and supporting network security initiatives to protect our nation’s telecommunications network from bad actors,” said Competitive Carriers Association president and CEO Steven K. Perry in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.067701
Retrieved Text: Th e Experimental Aircraft Association (EAA) today joined a consortium of general aviation groups united in opposition to legislation introduced by Rep. Bill Shuster (R-Pennsylvania), which includes provisions to turn the nation's air traffic control infrastructure and services to a privatized, non-profit board dominated by commercial aviation interests. Continue reading "EAA, GA Groups Unified in Opposition to ATC Privatization"
President Trump's characterization of the United States Air Traffic Control system was a statement, unsupported by evidence, that listeners are supposed to believe and take as face value. He describes the system as "an ancient, broken, horrible system that doesn't work" - which could not possibly be farther from the truth. In reality, the US ATC system is, without a doubt, the best in the world, handling a volume of traffic that far exceeds that of any other system anywhere. It does this with a degree of safety that is as close to 100% as you can measure, and while there are always efficiencies to be gained with modernization (a process that pilots are already paying for in the cost of ADSB equipage), there is no doubt that the system is measurably without peer. Unfortunately the vast majority of non-aviators, knowing nothing more than that they have had a flight delay on an airline, has no idea that the President's statements are merely political posturing. Continue reading "The ATC Privatization Proposal - A Bad Idea for General Aviation"
The Experimental Aircraft Association (EAA) today joined other general aviation groups in opposing the measures outlined by the White House for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.062992
Retrieved Text: Russian Economic Development Deputy Minister Sergei Belyakov, who supervises public-private partnership issues and liaison with business, has opposed the idea to amnesty businessmen convicted on economic counts.
"I will never support this idea, never in my life," Belyakov told reporters in Moscow on Wednesday.
"Punishment for a deed does not depend on the personality of the wrongdoer but on what he has done and what motives he has had. How can the same crime, for example, fraud, be treated and evaluated differently depending on its perpetration by a businessman or a non-businessman?" he explained.
"The person whose rights are infringed does not care who has deceived him - a businessman or a non-businessman. And how is it possible to draw a line between a businessman's socially dangerous action and an action, which is not publicly condemned? Who is going to decide whether he deserves special treatment or not?" the deputy minister wondered.
He stressed that lesser punishment for such crimes should be discussed in general, irrespective to the perpetrators.
"Yet it is absolutely impossible to link the degree of responsibility to one's being a businessman or not," he said.
The proposal to amnesty businessmen "is an attempt to find an easy solution to a complex task," he argued.
Russian Presidential Ombudsman for Business Rights Boris Titov has proposed an amnesty for convicted businessmen.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said at the Voronezh business fostering conference on May 23, "Let's decide to take a careful look at this proposal. I think you will agree with me that it still needs quite a lot of work to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.02415
Retrieved Text: Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega blasted the United States over the weekend for its fruitless four-month campaign to wrest him from power. It seemed a typical meat-and-potatoes speech. But there was something missing: The general didn't waste a word chiding his internal opponents.
It wasn't necessary. For in the past month, the opposition has been reduced from a leading protagonist in the Panamanian drama to an almost inconsequential stage prop.
Most leaders of the National Civic Crusade, a coalition of business and civic groups that spearheaded the movement to oust General Noriega, have left Panama - intimidated by the military. A few other government critics are in prison or in hiding. The few remaining anti-Noriega politicians have no committed popular following and cannot agree on a coherent strategy for change. As the US leapfrogs the Crusade to talk with Noriega, once-supportive opposition leaders blame their woes on the US.
The US's chief negotiator reportedly returned to Panama Monday morning to resume the private talks. Crusade members here say he hasn't bothered to consult the opposition since he began negotiations in April.
The US deputy assistant secretary of state for inter-american affairs, Michael Kozak, intending to speed up negotiations before President Reagan's departure tomorrow for the Moscow summit, apparently carries a proposal hammared out at two high-level Cabinet meetings in Washington over the weekend. Sunday, national security adviser Colin Powell indicated the US may be willing to drop two indictments against Noriega in exchange for his resignation as the Panamanian Defense Forces' commander in chief.
Neither the opposition nor much of official Washington

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.98819
Retrieved Text: DUBLIN (Reuters) - The Czech Republic joined opposition by Ireland, Finland and Sweden to the European Union’s proposed tax on big internet companies in a joint paper warning that the measures may breach international treaty obligations.
EU finance ministers agree that tax rules should be changed to increase levies on digital services and aim to finalize a tax on large firms’ turnover by the end of the year, but are at odds on how to do so.
Smaller states with lower tax rates such as Luxembourg and Ireland, which host large American multinationals, want EU changes to come together with a global reform of digital taxation, which has been under discussion for years.
Nordic countries have also urged their partners to shelve the plan for action first at an EU level on concerns over how it may affect their own large digital companies and were joined by the Czechs in the joint paper sent to colleagues last month.
“Given the potentially far-reaching political, economic and legal consequences of introducing a tax at EU level that is not in line with tax treaties, it is our view that a discussion is needed on the compatibility of the DST (digital services tax) with international obligations,” they said in the paper, a copy of which was provided on Monday by Ireland’s Finance Ministry.
The four countries said the new tax could necessitate the renegotiation and potentially eventual termination of bilateral tax treaties with third countries and need to make sure all future treaties allow for the imposition of the digital tax.
A thorough discussion on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.91093
Retrieved Text: The ruling socialist party expressed determination for the Vetting process in politics but considered as propaganda the proposal of the head of the opposition Lulzim Basha. ‘’The proposal of Basha for Vetting in politics is his propaganda. We are ready for a true vetting process and for that in 100% sure from the justice reform’’ – declared the head of the parliamentary group of SP, Taulant Balla. According to him, the National Bureau of Investigation and SPAK will totally guarantee a vetting process for the politicians.
Last week the head of the opposition Lulzim Basha during the meeting of the opposition in Elbasan, published a draft proposal for the vetting of the Albanian politicians, through a law that would require constitutional amendments. Pm Rama reacted by supporting the vetting process, but declared that this is supported by the Justice Reform. The opposition accused Rama that he was scared by the vetting, that’s why he is opposing the law, but the majority declared that the proposal of the DP was unclear.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.906752
Retrieved Text: June 29, 2010 (Washington, D.C.) – The Eastern Region Helicopter Council today joined several major aviation trade groups, pilots, and citizens in criticizing the FAA’s proposed regulation imposing mandatory routes for helicopters operating on Long Island.
“The FAA’s proposal would have the unintended effect of concentrating noise and traffic, to the detriment of safety,” added Jeff Smith, Chairman of the Eastern Region Helicopter Council.
The FAA proposed rule has generated a firestorm of controversy. Virtually every major aviation trade group, including the ERHC, Helicopter Association International (HAI), National Business Aviation Association (NBAA), Aircraft Owners & Pilots Association (AOPA), General Aviation Manufacturing Association (GAMA), and National Air Transport Association ((NATA) expressed opposition and sought a 60-day extension to prepare comments, which the FAA denied. Within 30 days, the agency has received 690 comments, with 86% opposing the proposed rule.
According to the FAA’s docket, everyone from leading aviation associations to Long Island residents have called the rules unnecessary and misguided. “We’re hoping the FAA will return to the drawing table with us to explore voluntary approaches way to further mitigate noise and build upon our outstanding safety record,” Smith added.
Pilot Nadine Fetsko: “It's unconscionable that the FAA would actually consider implementing this in the absence of any sound studies, radar returns, or any quantifiable data that support the premise that a major issue exists. This rule simply denies all logic and could potentially create an enforcement nightmare for FAA on both the federal and local levels.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.891663
Retrieved Text: On April 7, 2016, Margaret Dore, attorney and president of Choice is an Illusion, accompanied by her assistant, Brenda Ray, met with a five member delegation from the Legal and Social Issues Committee, Parliament of Victoria, Australia.
The topic was assisted suicide and euthanasia. The place was the Picnic House Restaurant in Portland Oregon where Dore spoke over lunch in opposition to legalization. Despite the serious nature of the topic, a good time was had by all.
Dore's written materials can be viewed by clicking here and here.
proposal, matter or thing concerned with community services, education, gaming, health, and law and justice. Committee inquires result in policy recommendations to the Victorian Government and can lead to legislative change.
The Committee delegation members were: its Chair, the Honorable Edward O’Donohue MLC; its Deputy Chair, Ms Nina Springle, MLC; Mr Cesar Melhem MLC; Ms Fiona Patten MLC; and Ms Jaclyn Symes MLC. They were joined by Lilian Topic, Committee Secretary.
To learn more about the Delegation, please click here.
Please consider a generous donation to Choice is an Illusion, "working to keep assisted suicide and euthanasia out of your state, and out of your life."
1. Push the green button in the top right of this post.
Mail to 1001 4th Avenue, Suite 4400, Seattle WA USA - A donation of $20 or more entitles you to a mailed copy of our newsletter.
Every bit helps. Thank you!
Canadian Government Position on Suicide "Absurd"

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.871254
Retrieved Text: “Nigerians will recall that during the administration of President Goodluck Jonathan, no such trip was made without the presence of opposition Governors and Lawmakers.
“Although, President Buhari too has traveled to foreign trips with opposition governors and Senators before now but the make up of the entourage for the current trip casts doubt on the true intent of selecting these points men of Buhari for the FOCAC Summit in China.
“Our sources around the Presidency have also confirmed to us that the plot to perfect the plot to rig the 2019 elections and the removal of Bukola Saraki as Senate President is responsible for the exclusion of opposition elements from the current trip.
“In an official business trip to China where business opportunities abound, one will expect a tolerant government to travel along with foremost Nigerian businessmen and women and not party cronies or leaders of the APC’s cabal in the Senate like Senator Abdullahi Adamu and Senator Godswill Apabio who are anti-Saraki’s leadership.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.86035
Retrieved Text: The Clean Elections Commission heard opposition on a proposal that aims to gain more transparency from “dark money” groups.
At its July 23 meeting, the Arizona Citizens Clean Elections Commission (CCEC) heard opposition from the business community on a proposal that aims to gain more transparency from “dark money” groups. However, the proposal in its current form puts the burden on businesses to prove they are not subject to regulation by the CCEC, rather than the other way away around.
As written, the proposal would designate any group that spends or raises at least $500 to influence an election a political committee, which would trigger requirements that it discloses its contributors. As the law stands, an organization must raise at least $500 to influence an election, AND it must be created, combined or conducted with the primary purpose of doing so. A key part of opposition is the lack of clarity of the “primary purpose” rule, which should make the guidelines a two-part test. But many feel it’s become a one-part test which forces honest businesses to justify their primary purpose before the commission for exercising their constitutional free speech rights in elections.
Even more concerning is that the proposed rule would put the onus on businesses to prove by “clear and convincing evidence” that they have not violated the rules. This is in stark contrast to normal jurisprudence procedures.
Along with the business community, the proposal has drawn criticism from Arizona Secretary of State Michele Reagan, who said the commission’s proposal usurps her authority as the state’s top elections

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.820337
Retrieved Text: Petrol price has been cut by more than Rs 4.72 per litre and diesel by Rs 3.13 in the last 24 days in Mumbai on softer international rates, a pace faster than the spike in prices witnessed in the two-month period beginning mid-August.
Several Congress activists and businessmen said on Thursday suggested that if the party-led opposition alliance was voted to power then it should impose Goods and Services Tax (GST) on petroleum products to tame surging prices.
Fuel prices continued to slip on Friday for the second consecutive day, with petrol and diesel at Rs 83.57 per litre and Rs 76.22 per litre, respectively in Mumbai.
According to the Indian Oil Corp data, petrol prices in New Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai, were at Rs 78.06 per litre, Rs 79.98 per litre and Rs 81.08 per litre, respectively, while diesel stood at Rs 72.74 a litre in New Delhi, Rs 74.60 a litre in Kolkata and Rs 76.89 a litre in Chennai.
Prices vary from region to region due to local taxes as the product is excluded from the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime. New Delhi has the lowest tax rate among the four metro cities.
Several Congress activists and businessmen said on Thursday suggested that if the party-led opposition alliance was voted to power then it should impose GST on petroleum products to tame surging prices.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.805307
Retrieved Text: Retired Saudi general Anwar Eshki in Jerusalem, reportedly leading delegation of businessmen and academics promoting 2002 Arab peace initative; he is reported to have met with COGAT.
The head of a rare Saudi delegation to Israel and the West Bank met a senior Israeli government official during his trip, the Foreign Ministry told AFP on Sunday.
Foreign Ministry spokesman Emmanuel Nahshon said the meeting between retired Saudi general Anwar Eshki and ministry Director General Dore Gold took place at the prestigious King David hotel in west Jerusalem but did not give further details.
Israeli media reported that Eshki was leading a delegation of "businessmen and academics" on a mission to promote a stalled Saudi-led 2002 Arab peace initiative.
He reportedly met with Maj. Gen. Yoav Mordechai, head of the COGAT, military body that coordinates Israeli activities in the West Bank and Gaza, and talked Friday in the West Bank to a group of Israeli opposition MKs.
Israel and Saudi Arabia have never had diplomatic relations but there have been media reports of intelligence-sharing in the face of shared concerns about Iran and the Islamic State group.
Eshki and Gold shared a platform in June last year at the Washington headquarters of the Council on Foreign Relations and "met to discuss opportunities and challenges in the Middle East," the council said on its website at the time.
"Their speeches focused on the danger Iran posed to their countries, and they revealed that they had been in secret discussions for a year, and had now decided to go public about their talks," it added.
Army Radio

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.792824
Retrieved Text: Comcast owes Common Cause an apology after making baseless accusation.
We joined our allies at Consumers Union to make our case to the FCC last month. (Read it here.) Hundreds of thousands of people – maybe even you — have added their voices as well.
Yet rather than responding to our arguments, Comcast is baselessly accusing us of feigning opposition to the merger so we can get something out of them. They might not care about a free and open media environment, but we sure do.
“We’ve never sought anything from Comcast, directly or indirectly, and the company knows it,” Copps said. “Comcast owes us an apology.
“Comcast is trying to change the channel while quietly throwing around big money and influence in Washington,” he added.
Our endorsement is not for sale. Common Cause has unambiguously opposed this Comcast’s proposal from day one. To suggest otherwise is dishonest.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.787203
Retrieved Text: Venezuela's telecoms regulator says it will seek to fine the TV station Globovision for allegedly provoking anxiety with a news report about shortages of motor vehicles and basic goods.
CONATEL director Pedro Maldonado announced Monday what would mark the ninth fine against Globovision in recent years.
Globovision had no immediate comment.
Ironically, the broadcaster had until recently been considered the last remaining opposition TV channel.
But Globovision has hemorrhaged independent-minded journalists since it was purchased by businessmen close to the government following April's presidential election, when it stopped carrying live broadcasts of the loser, opposition leader Henrique Capriles.
CONATEL's last few fines against Globovision helped persuade its previous owners to sell.

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: The word "check" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: As he called the role he put a check mark by each student's name.
Sentence 2: A check on its dependability under stress.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.815453
Retrieved Text: Here are all the possible meanings and translations of the word Check.
"he paid all his bills by check"
"they made an assay of the contents"; "a check on its dependability under stress"
"he asked the waiter for the check"
"they made a check of their equipment"; "the pilot ran through the check-out procedure"
"as he called the role he put a check mark by each student's name"
"she wore a skirt with checks"
"check the brakes"; "Check out the engine"
"check into the rumor"; "check the time of the class"
"She checked for an instant and missed a step"
"Please check each name on the list"; "tick off the items"; "mark off the units"
"The brain damage will retard the child's language development"
"The two stories don't agree in many details"; "The handwriting checks with the signature on the check"; "The suspect's fingerprints don't match those on the gun"
"Parents must discipline their children"; "Is this dog trained?"
"check your luggage before boarding"
"Check your coat at the door"
"check the spelling of this word"; "check your facts"
"He checked the flow of water by shutting off the main valve"
To leave (something) in the temporary custody of another; as, to check baggage; to check one's firearms at the door; to check one's coat at the cloakroom.
To accept (something) for temporary custody from another; as, to check a customer's baggage; to check a customer's coat.
To make a checkered pattern upon.
To put a sudden restraint upon; to stop temporarily; to hinder; to repress; to curb. Hence, (Ice Hockey) To obstruct the motion of an opposing player by contacting him with one's body.
To verify, to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.085396
Retrieved Text: This article explains the process for managing the order of the contacts that appear on the students "Contacts" tab.
For many schools, the order in which the contacts appear on the "Contacts" tab defines the order in which ancillary phone systems will call the contacts for a given student (e.g. if mom is listed first, she is called first; if dad is listed second, he is called second).
Make changes to the order of contacts listed there by clicking a contact to highlight it with your mouse, and then by clicking the "Move Up" or "Move Down" buttons to change the order as needed.
**Hint: The person you place at the top of the list will be considered "Person 1" (e.g. the primary or first person to call), the next is "Person 2" (e.g. the alternate person to call), the next is "Person 3" (e.g. the emergency contact) etc. with regard to any Ancillary Systems that might be configured to automatically call student contacts.
In terms of the "Contact Verification Form" that school's typically print and send to contacts each year, person 1 will appear as "Call Order 1", person 2 as "Call Order 2", etc..
(OPTIONAL) A list of the student's "siblings" will appear to the right of the list with checkboxes - check the boxes next to each siblings name if you want to copy the contact order you are setting for this student, also to the siblings you check as well.
<== Once you have reordered the contacts as desired, click the Save button that appears at the top

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.112854
Retrieved Text: Pikes Peak Arts Academy - Pianists!
Mark Bovee has his Master's Degree in Jazz Piano Performance from the University of North Texas. Mark uses both traditional methodology and individualized attention to each student's goals and learning style to make their musical education experience both effective and fruitful. Students who put in the weekly effort and practice the craft of music making truly deserves see tremendous success under Mark's capable instruction.
Students record a two song CD in December, gaining valuable skills in recording as a pianist. In May, students perform two pieces in front of a live audience at a Woodland Park location for the Spring Recital. Summer session is based on YOUR schedule. It is a great time to build your skills needed for school band and other auditions.
Space on Mark's teaching schedule is very limited due to the fact that he still travels as a working musician! Register today!
Mark Bovee is a member of Music Teachers National Association.
Mark Bovee is a member of The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
Christi Bovee is a member of the National Association of Teachers of Singing.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.067251
Retrieved Text: An advisory board will be appointed for a batch of students of each department to advise each student on the courses to be taken by the student. The advisory board or one of its members as decided by the board will discuss with the student his/her academic program and then decide the number and nature of courses for which he/she can register. However, it is the student's responsibility to keep contact with his/her adviser who will review and eventually approve the student's specific plan of study and check on subsequent progress.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.034227
Retrieved Text: His distorted Hindi speech is one of the biggest talking points in the recently released 3 Idiots. In reality, it was an almost similar monologue that fetched Omi Vaidya, (who prefers to be called Omi) an LA- based actor, the role of Chatur Ramalingam in the Aamir Khan-starrer.
On a trip to Mumbai to check out the Bollywood scene, Omi was asked by a friend to appear for an audition. The first audition went off without a hitch, but at the second he was given a dialogue from Munnabhai… to mouth. “I just rattled it off without exactly understanding the words… almost like the speech scene in the film,” says Omi. The next thing he knew, he was pencilled in for the role of the accented, mark-obsessed NRI geek in the film.
The instructions he received from the makers were clear: Don’t take Hindi classes, stop watching Hindi movies and put on weight.
Omi followed them to the T and now of course, he is revelling in the compliments coming his way for his role in the blockbuster. “I am still flabbergasted by the response. I guess people have liked the character because he is so relatable. In a way, this character’s negativity brought out the essence of the message more forcefully,” says Omi.
Incidentally, he began his acting career at the age of six, performing for Marathi Mandals in the US (also the reason why his Marathi is much better than his Hindi). He pursued a serious acting career in his teens, graduated in film studies from NYU and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.973055
Retrieved Text: Mill Creek High School will send an electronic alert at the 6 week and 12 week mark asking parents to check their student's grades in the parent portal. At the 9 week mark, MCHS will send an electronic alert with a sign off link to verify you have checked your student's grades.
Note: Mill Creek teachers will not send electronic progress reports to parents, as the GCPS Parent Portal provides this information.
Students will receive an official paper copy of their transcript (Report Card) during January for fall semester grades.
Mill Creek High School will mail an official paper copy of each student's transcript (Report Card) in early June.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.858728
Retrieved Text: Needless to say, the art of being a CSE teaching assistant cannot be encapsulated in a handbook. The goal of this page is, then, to provide technical tips and tricks for troubleshooting in the lab, and to specify some of the other non-technical aspects.
Emailing Dr. Alphonce (or a different professor you TA for) is often the thing to do, but in some cases, he can't do anything for you.
Consult is the one to email for matters pertaining to the room equipment, such as the overhead and card swipe. He is also the one to ask about student CSE password problems and repository membership. If needed, CC Dr. Alphonce on these emails.
Consult can be reached at cse-consult@buffalo.edu.
Eclipse won't open and gives a "workspace in use" error.
This happens when the student leaves his workspace open in Oracle or on a different computer. Creating a new workspace is one option, but the student will not be able to access anything in his main workspace.
Another option is to kill all Eclipse processes running with the student's username.
Use 'ps aux | grep ' to find the student's processes and process identifiers (pids).
Use 'kill -9 ' to kill off any such processes, where is the process id of an Eclipse process, which will show up as a Java process.
Once Eclipse processes are killed off, check ~/workspace/.metadata/ for a .lock file.
Use 'ls -la' to get a long listing including all files (even "hidden" files, files whose filenames begin with '.').
Eclipse is out of memory.
Kill all running programs in Eclipse or just restart Eclipse

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.664303
Retrieved Text: Former ALP president Warren Mundine has been picked as Liberal candidate for the NSW's Gilmore seat.
Who is Warren Mundine, the Liberal candidate for the NSW seat of Gilmore?
Mr Mundine is an indigenous community leader whose career has spanned across the public, private and charity sectors. He has been the deputy mayor of Dubbo, commissioner of the NSW Local Government Grants Commission and was chairman of the Prime Minister's Indigenous Advisory Council from 2013 to 2017. He's also the second cousin of boxer Anthony Mundine.
He is a conservative political commentator, regularly speaking about indigenous issues in the media. Mr Mundine also hosts Mundine Means Business on Sky, which looks at entrepreneurship in indigenous communities and considers where improvements can be made.
What was his role with the Labor Party?
He was the national president from 2006 to 2007, before quitting the party in 2012 after almost 20 years of membership.
Mr Mundine left the party saying it no longer held the same values as when he joined, and he was disappointed Labor hadn't put forward any indigenous candidates for winnable seats.
Has he ever had a tilt at federal parliament?
He sought Senate pre-selection in both 2001 and 2012. In the latter year he put his name in the ring to fill a seat vacated by Mark Arbib, but he lost out to Bob Carr.
What is he passionate about?
The plight and progress of indigenous Australians. Mr Mundine has called for an indigenous voice in parliament but says most communities are more worried about jobs, education and healthcare over the date of Australia

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.471836
Retrieved Text: Have you heard about the West Point High School teacher who has been placed on administrative leave because he refuses to sign a paper promising to refer to a female by the student's preferred male pronouns?
Mr. Peter Vlaming is the French teacher at the High School, where he has taught for seven years. He inadvertently referred to the student as “her” on two occasions. The student prefers to be called by male pronouns.
In response, the School Administration put Mr. Vlaming on administrative leave and has told him he must never refer to the student as a female. The Administration told him to sign a paper stating that he would never refer to the student as a female – a directive that would violate his religious convictions. Mr. Vlaming said he is more than willing to use the student’s newly adopted name and to avoid pronouns that would be offensive to the student, but says that he cannot in good conscience use male pronouns in addressing the student. For that, he is now facing a public hearing where he may be fired!
If you are able to, please attend the public hearing to support Mr. Vlaming tomorrow. Your peaceful presence will be a comfort to him as he faces this attack for simply following his conscience.
Thursday, December 6 at 3:00 p.m.
Please sign this petition in support of Mr. Vlaming, and in support of the right of all teachers to obey their conscience. No School Administration should be able to compel teachers to violate their religious convictions.
Sign the petition

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.403545
Retrieved Text: (Yes - I know the formatting is messed up. This document was converted from a from one word-processor to another, to another, and then to text. And the figures are missing.) Don't know what PLATO is? Click here to see it in action.
Stanley F. Quayle, B.S., M.S.
Copyright **COPYRIGHT** 1980 by Stanley F. Quayle.
To Lynn, a dear friend from PLATO.
insane, and helped me to solve many a programming problem.
detail the rationale for operational limitations.
least in part, by the use of a computer.
CDC--Control Data Corporation.  The owners of PLATO.
text of the questions are stored in a common block.
database.  Written by Dave Romer.
upon entry to a lesson.
with "module" and "program" in this thesis.
CDC on the PLATO system.
TUTOR--The programming language available on PLATO.
known as the "common program."
programs help create, display, and print question blocks.
controls the order in which students may take the modules.
order they may be taken.
Surveillance Requirements, Action Statements, and Bases.
future, accidents can be prevented or reduced in severity.
to study on their own time.
student's time, and reduce the student motivation required.
PLATO has a powerful program package for education.
programmer.  This can result in significant cost savings.
instantly available anywhere in the country.
Further, PLM is a testing oriented system.
PLATO would be to issue tests to the students.
of PLATO.  Flexibility is maximized.
The students at DBNPS form a diverse population.
student passes the pretest, he exits the module.
Otherwise, he moves to the overview.
not tested on any of the material in the overview.
shown to the student for his reference.
instructor desires him to see.
help, he may quit and seek the help of his

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.10915
Retrieved Text: Robert Matthew Van Winkle, known by his stage name of Vanilla Ice, is an American rapper, actor, and television host. Ice is the host of a reality television series called The Vanilla Ice Project. This show premiered on DIY Network on October 14, 2010. The first season of the Vanilla Ice Project focused on renovating a house in Palm Beach, Florida. Each episode is dedicated to a different room in the house. The Vanilla Ice Project has been renewed for a sixth season and is currently one of the highest rated shows on the DIY network.
Ice has seen a resurgence in his acting career as of late. In June 2011 he had a role in the movie That’s My Boy. In the film Ice portrayed an exaggerated version of himself called Uncle Vanny. Ice also portrayed Mark Twain In the Western comedy film The Ridiculous Six, released in 2015.
His 1991 hit “Ice Ice Baby” is the first rap single to reach #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts.
He is the first white rapper to win a platinum record.
Wrote the first draft of “Ice Ice Baby” in 15 minutes when he was age 16.
A former Florida state motocross champion.
Was ranked in 1993 as the 6th best Jet Ski racer in the world and had a deal with Kawasaki.
Chosen by People magazine as one of the 50 Most Beautiful People in the world.
Has made millions renovating and selling houses.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.068443
Retrieved Text: ​Meet Acorn and Conker Dogs!
They are our nursery dogs.
They likes to come home to visit the nursery children for an overnight stay. They have their very own overnight bag with some special activities. They also has a special book that their adventures can be shared in.
This is an ideal opportunity for parents and carers to model writing to their children and encourage them to mark make too!
Meet Walt! He is our nursery dog, he is a friendly chap and he just loves to learn and help the children to learn too! Walt shares with the children the learning objectives of each carpet session so they know exactly what we are going to be learning!
Super Reader just loves to read. He reads books, magazines, sign posts, the back of cereal packets, labels and lists. You name it and he will have a go at reading it! He will be encouraging the nursery children in the early stages of their reading development, from learning letter sounds to reading their name and key words.
Super Writer loves to write! He will write his name, letters, lists, words, cards...he finds it hard to put a pencil down.
He will be encouraging our nursery children in the early developmental stages of their writing, from basic mark making to letter formation. Please check back soon for his Super Writer rules!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.850292
Retrieved Text: ALBERTVILLE, Ala. -- Students at Albertville Elementary School are getting a unique lesson every week in character building, and it got started by a group of their teachers.
A group of fourth graders at Albertville Elementary School sat inside a classroom light up by colored lights. They donned bright colors and glow sticks strung into necklaces.
“Light it up, come on, light it up!” They chanted in unison, as four of their teachers stood in front of the classroom leading them in the cheer.
It's a weekly occurrence and has been since after the Christmas break.
“It began when I had a student from my homeroom who had light up shoes at Christmas," explained teacher Ashley Jester, "He came back and he was really excited about his shoes, and some of our students started putting him down for it. You know, they’d say ‘Those are so three years ago, those are out of style’,"
So Jester and a group of teachers got together to teach a change. “One thing leads to another and before we knew it we had this whole idea of Light It Up,” she added.
They ran it by the principal and got the green light. “We all bought shoes, we all decided to support this student and the idea behind it,” Jester said.
“We have a bowl in each room and the kids throughout the week are looking for those type characteristics, and then they put it in the bowl and we draw a name each week,” she added.
That student gets recognized and a prize. As this week's student's

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.743187
Retrieved Text: Once you have set up the student accounts and the students have activated their accounts (see Creating student accounts) then your students can access the pages you allow so that they can work in their own time. However if you wish the student account can also be used to monitor your students' activity on the assignments you have set (see Setting assignments) and you can also use it as your mark book for any marked work you set your students, whether the assignment comes from this website or elsewhere. To illustrate how this works with some concrete, but fairly simple examples, I'll use some different types of assignments for tasks in Topic 1. We will ask students to do four different types of assignment, a quiz, some questions that require written answers, a reading activity and one of the multiple choice tests on the whole of Topic 1.
qBank assignments record the mark in the mark book when the student completes the quiz. If the student has several attempts at the quiz all the responses are recorded.
In writing assignments the teacher has to review the written answer and award a mark which then appears in the mark book.
In reading assignments, students click a 'Read' button at the bottom of the page and a tick appears in the mark book.
Custom assignments can be used to record any marks you wish in your mark book.
First make sure that you give students access to any relevant pages on the website which may help them to complete the assignment - although

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.585629
Retrieved Text: Lady Gaga has put to rest rumors that she'll be dropping her stage name for her next project. "I’ve seen a lot of rumors on the internet that for A Star Is Born I’ll be billed as Stefani, but that’s not the case," she tweeted today, "It’s Lady Gaga, baby! 💞"
The confusion over her name began after actor Bradley Cooper, who is directing and co-staring in the upcoming reboot of A Star Is Born, did an interview about his directorial debut with Entertainment Weekly. In the intro, the publication reported that Gaga is going by her birth name Stefani Germanotta in the credits. To bolster that thought, Cooper refers to Gaga as Stefani throughout the conversation. "I wrote the music, Stefani wrote a lot of the music," he says. "There’s no singing in playback, which was terrifying, but it’s key to the movie! It makes all the difference. Stefani was adamant about that: she said, ‘We have to record everything live,’ and I’m so glad she did." In another part where he describes the music, he mentions "a song [Stefani] had written with Mark Ronson called 'The Shallow.'"
Cooper did, however, use Gaga's stage name when talking about how only an actress with as much star power as someone like Gaga could handle the part. "There’s always been a meta element to the tradition of A Star Is Born, in that it has to be somebody like Judy Garland, Barbra Streisand, or Lady Gaga playing the role," he said. "In that sense, you’ll be blown away by

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.57944
Retrieved Text: Praphulla Pandey is an Indian TV and regional movie actor. He first came into the limelight when he played the role of Indrajeet in the serial Ramayan, a mythological serial. This talented actor has worked hard to achieve this position and can be called as a self-made man.
He has also acted in many Bhojpuri movies and created a name for himself in Bhojpuri industry. Born on 15th Feb in Lucknow, the city of Nawabs, he wanted to make a mark in the show business. But as we all know the show business is very unpredictable, so his parents were not supportive of his decision, but ultimately they gave him permission.
He first acted in a Bhojpuri serial called “Sachi Pritya”, a serial about innocent love and it was telecasted in Lucknow Doordarshan. From there he never looked back, and he acted in many serials like Yug, a DD serial, Shanti (Mandira Bedi Starred), Jai Hanuman ( Sanjay Khan directed). But the serial that brought him instant recognition was Ramayana, directed by Moti Sagar.
The role of Indrajeet he played with such panache that people started to take notice of him. He also worked in some Bollywood movies like Tango Charlie ( Bobby Deol starred), Barood, Veer Savarkar (film based on the legendary freedom fighter Savarkar). He knows the unpredictability of show business so has also ventured into the restaurant business and opened a hotel named Rovers in the heart of Lucknow. We wish him all the best for his upcoming business.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.516289
Retrieved Text: Directory information means information contained in an educational record of a student that would not generally be considered harmful or an invasion of privacy if disclosed. Directory information may include, but is not limited to, the student's name, address, telephone number, electronic mail address, photograph, date and place of birth, major field of study, grade level, enrollment status (e.g., undergraduate or graduate, full-time or part-time), dates of attendance, participation in officially recognized activities or sports, weight and height of members of athletic teams, degrees, honors and awards and the most recent educational agency or institution attended. An institution is entitled to determine what directory information it will release and what directory information it will not release according to its own policies. A student may request, in writing, that the institution withhold all of their directory information.
For dual enrollment students the students' postsecondary records must be treated by MCC like any other MCC student, and his/her records may only be provided to parents as allowed by the FERPA guidelines. Educational records relating solely to the students' K-12 activities can be released to parents without the student's consent (as long as the student is 17 years of age or younger).
According to the Department of Education, "If a student is attending a postsecondary institution—at any age—the rights under FERPA have transferred to the student. However, in a situation where a student is enrolled in both a high school and a postsecondary institution, the two schools may exchange information relating to that student. If the student is under 18 years

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.488161
Retrieved Text: Help your child make the connection between the letter O, the zeros they learn in math, and the circles they draw in art class.
Help children make the connection between the letter O, the zeros they learn in math, and the circles they draw in art class.
Teach your preschooler all about the letter O with this practice-packed worksheet. With four different letter O exercises to do, it's sure to keep his interest.
Things that Start with O!
There are things that start with O on this printable, can your child find them? It's great alphabet phonics practice, which will help with reading.
On your mark, get set--O! Find the words that begin with the letter O in the pictures below and put them in the book.
O is for olive! Kids completing this prekindergarten reading worksheet circle the pictures that begin with an O sound. This worksheet is good phonics practice.
First, kids trace lines on this prekindergarten writing worksheet to strengthen the fine motor skills needed to form the letter O. Then they trace the letter O!
Kids sound out short A vowels and drop objects into the correct backpacks.
Give your child number lines and manipulatives that they can use as they work through subtraction problems and double-check their work.
Give students number lines and manipulatives that they can use as they work through subtraction problems and double-check their work.
Visual and numerical cues serve as an introduction to subtraction as your kindergartener gets ready for elementary school arithmetic.
Put your little carpenter to work and count the tools! This beginning math worksheet will get

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.46263
Retrieved Text: The Scarborough School Nutrition Program provides safe, healthy and appetizing meals for our students. Our meals are planned using nutrient analysis which defines amounts of protein, calories, fat, and Vitamin A, Vitamin C, calcium and sodium that must be served for each age group.
The food is prepared and served in a clean safe environment.
All school nutrition workers are trained and certified as sanitarians.
Our healthy school meals help the students achieve academically and physically to the best of their abilities. It is well-documented in scientific data that a hungry child will not reach his/her greatest level of achievement. Healthy school meals provide a learning laboratory for the child to make good food choices that he/she will carry into his/her adult life.
Money may be put in a student account to be drawn on for any food or beverage purchase. You just have to send a check with your child's name, parent name, address and telephone number. We will debit the account and send you a reminder or notify your child when the account is $5.00 or less.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Food in the morning increases the student's ability to process information and makes them less tired as the day progresses. For more information read the Huffington Post article linked below.
If morning is a very hurried time at your house, take advantage of the breakfast program provided at Primary Schools, Wentworth, Middle and High Schools. Price for breakfast is $1.75.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.363838
Retrieved Text: Since its Broadway debut in 1996, there have been many iterations of Rent but there's never been a black version of the character Mark Cohen. Until now. Jordan Fisher plays Mark in Rent: Live, and as it turns out, he's dreamed of this for years — and not just because he admires the musical. Fisher opened up about this dream of his during an interview with Access, saying, "The genesis of my wanting to pursue [acting] professionally began with [seeing RENT] 15 years ago." He said that Mark's story just moved him, and Fisher knew that he wanted to play the role someday. The actor also told the Arizona Daily Sun that he could relate to Mark "in a lot of ways," which helped fuel that desire to bring the character to life.
A year after Fisher saw the play on a bootleg tape (he told the Live! With Kelly and Ryan hosts that he sadly never got to see Rent live on Broadway), he decided to manifest that goal. He told Access that he was at a dinner party 14 years ago when his mentor suggested that Fisher put into the universe one very specific wish. Fisher chose being the first man of color to play Mark Cohen.
The Rent character has been played by many people over the years including Anthony Rapp on Broadway and in the movie, Skyler Astin at the Hollywood Bowl, and even Neil Patrick Harris in the LA run of the play. Now Fisher can add his name to the talented, but

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.229103
Retrieved Text: All A.S.T. majors are required to have three positive dispositions (or recommendations) in order to graduate with an A.S.T. degree. These dispositions should have been acquired by the end of the student's third semester of coursework toward the A.S.T. degree.
By an Instructor or Professor of one of your education-related courses.
By an Instructor or Professor of any other college-level course taken by the student while attending Pellissippi State.
All students requesting dispositions should first ask their instructor if they would be willing to fill one out for them. After asking the instructor, you must log onto your MyPellissippi in order to access the A.S.T. Disposition Request Form. Please read and follow these steps to insure your disposition gets done correctly.
Ask your instructor if he/she would be willing to fill out a disposition for you.
On the Home page in myPellissippi, go to the box called "Links."
In that box, click on AST Disposition to drop down a link to the AST Disposition Student Request. Select this link to open the form.
You should now be on a page that has a small form to fill out. Put in your information (P#, Name, Email), along with the instructor’s information (name, email), and hit the Submit button.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.220116
Retrieved Text: The University's practice in regard to student record-keeping is based on the provisions of the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) of 1974, and is intended to be a safeguard against the unauthorized release of information. This act applies to all enrolled students, former students, and alumni. It does not apply to applicants seeking admission into an institution.
In order to view her/his record, a student must make a request in writing to the appropriate office. The office has 45 days in which to fulfill the request. If requested, copies of a student's record are available to the student for a slight charge to cover the cost of duplicating. Any information in a student's record found to be "inaccurate, misleading, or [that] violates the privacy or other rights of the student" may be challenged by the student. Only the accuracy of the information may be challenged. For example, a grade received may not be questioned, only the accuracy of its recording. In order to contest the information in her/his record, the student must submit a written statement to the person responsible for the content of the record and request that she/he receive a written response. If no written response is forthcoming or if an unsatisfactory response is received by a student, she/he may appeal to the chairperson or appropriate supervisory person. In the event that no resolution is made, it is the student's right to request a hearing, to be presided over by the Dean for Student Affairs or a designee.
A student who wishes to be

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.201849
Retrieved Text: Your child's grades and attendance are recorded online through PowerSchool.
Check this regularly for accuracy and to address any problems as soon as possible.
You can set up PowerSchool to email you grades and attendance as often as everyday.
User Name: Parents, use your student's user name with a dash and a p after it. For example, a student might have the user name mjordan23. The parent will use will use the login mjordan23-p.
Password: This is the student's 8-digit ID number.
Log in to the PowerSchool Website (see link above).
Click Email Notification at the left.
To receive grade updates, check the box for Detailed reports showing all assignment scores for each class.
To receive attendance updates, check the box for Detailed report of attendance.
Use the drop-down menu to select how many times you would like to receive the email.
Check the box next to Send now?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.190947
Retrieved Text: WHO THE HECK WAS KILROY? KILROY WAS HERE!
We all knew of Kilroy. In 1946 the American Transit Association, through its radio program, "Speak to America," sponsored a nationwide contest to find the REAL Kilroy, offering a prize of a real trolley car to the person who could prove himself to be the genuine article. Almost 40 men stepped forward to make that claim, but only James Kilroy from Halifax, Massachusetts had evidence of his identity.
Kilroy was a 46-year old shipyard worker during the war. He worked as a checker at the Fore River Shipyard in Quincy. His job was to go around and check on the number of rivets completed. Riveters were on piecework and got paid by the rivet. Kilroy would count a block of rivets and put a check mark in semi-waxed lumber chalk, so the rivets wouldn’t be counted twice. When Kilroy went off duty, the riveters would erase the mark. Later on, an off-shift inspector would come through and count the rivets a second time, resulting in double pay for the riveters.
One day Kilroy’s boss called him into his office.. The foreman was upset about all the wages being paid to riveters, and asked him to investigate. It was then that he realized what had been going on. The tight spaces he had to crawl in to check the rivets didn’t lend themselves to lugging around a paint can and brush, so Kilroy decided to stick with the waxy chalk. He continued to put his check mark on each job he inspected,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.161226
Retrieved Text: Try playing this fun Bible game for Mark 12:30 that I call "Which Feelings are They Feeling?"
Here is a video that explains how I play this game: Click HERE if you would like to purchase the downloadable files for this game to present your own Bible game for Mark 12:30.
Wow! Those are lots of different feelings. Feelings are a gift from God and He wants us to love Him with all our feelings and trust Him with all of our feelings. Let's play a game called "Which Feelings are They Feeling?"
I am going to show you 6 different boys and girls. Let's see if you can guess which feeling they are feeling. (Show them each picture and let them guess the feeling.
After introducing each picture, begin reading each story and let the children decide who is feeling the feeling in the story. Each story will also reveal the name of each child. That's it! It's fun and easy and a great way to introduce Mark 12:30.
If you would like to teach them a Bible song for Mark 12:30, check out this sample video of "Heart and Soul."

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.108664
Retrieved Text: In IB Biology 2, there is a review quiz EVERY DAY. Why??
Read this article from the New York Times explaining the value of quizzes and tests in learning.
Skim this article outlining the Ten Benefits of Frequent Self Testing.
"Multiple Choice Monday" - Mondays are always a 10 question multiple choice on the review material for that day and the Saturday and Sunday before the quiz. The questions are all from past Paper 1 IB exams.
"Table Team Tuesday" - Tuesday's quiz is a table team effort. Students will collaborate to answer an extended response question from a past paper 2 or 3 IB exam.
"Wisdom Wednesday" - On Wednesday, students answer a data-based question from paper 2 or paper 3.
"Thinking Thursday" - On Thursday, student have to put on their thinking caps to individually respond to an extended response question from a past paper 2 or 3 IB exam.
"Figure Friday" - The Friday quiz will involve drawing and labeling a biological figures, as is often required in questions from paper 2 or 3 of the IB exam.
The topic of the quiz depends on the day of the month, according to this schedule.
Are the questions and mark schemes available in advance? YES! Just click here.
​How long does this take?
There is a 10 minute time limit on quizzes. In general, students have about 5 minutes to answer the question and then the class spends about 5 minutes scoring.
How are the quizzes scored? There is NO WAY one teacher could score all of these quizzes every day. So, we use a peer

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.008366
Retrieved Text: Seeing the Modern Architecture 101 work above from the guys over at TheAllNighter the other day, reminded me of a font design based upon architectural icons created by my former student, Shinya Iwaki. I posted about it two years ago along with a crowd of other wonderful experimental fonts, all designed for my xType class, but this one really deserves far more attention. It is called Cityscape and it is populated by 26 architectural wonders. Students were each tasked with an assignment to design a font of their own choice of any media and Shin chose to design one based upon buildings. He spent many hours pouring through architecture books at the library and researching online for buildings that vaguely simulated each letter of the alphabet. He illustrated, (or hand-built) each building in the context of a letter it most closely resembled. Each letter consists of a real construction and he has included the name of the building, the city and the date each was completed. Shin's Cityscape was originally produced as a poster and much later as an impressive deck of 26 letterpressed cards in an edition of 100. He is now living in Brooklyn and I don't know if posters or the cards are for sale, but with enough encouragement, maybe we can persuade him to print a 2nd edition!
If you haven't yet seen my student's work from the past two xType xHibits, I highly recommend it to you. View some from the 2009 class and 2010, and take time to watch the videos

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.880262
Retrieved Text: Senators confirmed on Wednesday former Raytheon executive Mark Esper as the new Army secretary, filling the service’s top civilian post after nearly a year of nomination turmoil for the White House.
Esper is a former Army lieutenant colonel who graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 1986. He served for more than a decade on active duty, including a combat tour in Iraq during the first Gulf War.
He also served as deputy assistant secretary of defense under former President George W. Bush and as both a House Armed Services Committee staffer and director of national security affairs for then-Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist.
Esper was easily confirmed by the Senate, with a 89-6 vote.
But filling the post was far less smooth for the administration. Esper was President Donald Trump’s third pick for the job, with each of the first two withdrawing before confirmation hearings began.
In February, Vincent Viola withdrew his name from consideration for the post, citing strict Defense Department rules concerning his family businesses. He is the founder of digital stock trading firm Virtu Financial and owner of the National Hockey League’s Florida Panthers.
In May, Trump’s second nominee — Tennessee state Sen. Mark Green — withdrew his name from consideration after what he called “false and misleading attacks” concerning his past comments on gay rights and evolution.
Esper was nominated over the summer, but his confirmation hearings were delayed by congressional recesses and fighting between Pentagon and Senate officials over communications on policy and operational issues.
When his nomination hearing took place earlier this month, Esper

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.843828
Retrieved Text: Niall Canavan is delighted with his new role of captaining the side and is enjoying the added responsibility.
The central defender has been handed the captain’s armband since Neal Bishop’s injury and Canavan says he is grateful to manager Mark Robins for putting his faith in him as a skipper.
The 23-year-old said: “I’ve enjoyed being given that role and that responsibility.
This Saturday sees the Iron travel to Notts County, who sit two places below Scunthorpe in the Sky Bet League One table.
The Magpies have parted company with previous manager Shaun Derry this week and are being led by caretaker manager Paul Hart for this weekend.
Iron defender Canavan says he knows from personal experience how much of a change a new manager can bring but he doesn’t think it affects his side’s preparations too much.
Notts County go into Saturday’s fixture without a win at home since January 17 and with only point separating the two sides, this weekend’s fixture has added importance for both.
Canavan, who hopes to be leading the Iron out again, believes it is a crucial game for both clubs.
He added, “It’s a big, big game. I think it’s as big for them as it is for us and it’s one of those where we can put a bit of difference between each other again and hopefully we can go there, put in the performance that we want and take the three points.
See much more from Niall Canavan, John Lundstram and Mark Robins on The Iron Player.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.83621
Retrieved Text: For all of the effort we put into naming our breeding stock, it seems that my father-in-law had his own plans. The names he comes up with make sense in his head, are used in stories when he tells us about the pigs and then we must translate. For example, the boar was young and whiny so he would call him “Crybaby.” (This name truly is fitting.) Then there are the two sows who are referred to as “Madonna” and “Margaret.” I don’t know why, and neither did he when I asked. The gilt, now sow, is called “Missy”. Rhea, Thea, and Phoebe just haven’t stuck as everyday names. I find myself translating names when he is telling a story about them. Last week when I was working on our taxes and naming them in the depreciation schedule I literally had a key for the two sows matching everyday name to formal name to ear mark number. For example, Madonna is Phoebe is 15-10. I guess I’ll just need to start using their common names for simplicity. At least we can use our Mythology naming structure in their registration papers.
Fork Right Farm is now officially a part of the National Swine Registry. As a result we have our own herdmark and breeder number in the United Duroc Swine Registry. Slowly, things are falling into place and our tines are leaving their mark in the pig world.
As for a piglet update, everyone is doing well and it is just about time to wean the youngest group, referred

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: The word "brush" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: She gave her hair a quick brush.
Sentence 2: The dentist recommended two brushes a day.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.67937
Retrieved Text: My daughter and I like straight hair, but we both have naturally curly hair.. Go figure, right! Anyways.. I have seen a ton of different reviews on these hair straightening brushes. My daughter seen them back in November an has been asking for one since. With all the mixed reviews, I couldn’t justify paying the price they were asking without knowing if it worked or not. I actually had two different family members who were adamant on their stance. One thought this straightening brush was the best thing they have ever purchased for their hair and the other was adamant that these were a waste of money. I honestly chalked it up to possibly having two different brands and just kept reading and researching reviews and other information.
Then I was offered one of these straight hair brushes for free in exchange for feedback. Perfect. Now I could get one and see for myself and not have to pay a penny. Yes of course I would participate..
So here’s the deal with this. I love it. It works perfect for my hair and what I like. My daughter, the one who HAD to have this, isn’t as thrilled with it as she thought she would be. I finally figured out why (in my opinion) these have such varying reviews.
First this is a STRAIGHTENING BRUSH, NOT a FLATTENING BRUSH. That is the first thing people need to understand. I like my hair straightened. This is perfect and I had nice soft, straight hair in less than 5 minutes using

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.471598
Retrieved Text: Infrared Hair Straighteners Promise Silkier Locks—But Do They Work?
The secret to healthy, shiny locks.
One week in, and Insta-famous makeup artist Katie Jane Hughes swears by it, and online reviewers are abuzz with its ease and results. We’re talking about straightening hairbrushes but specifically about one newly updated tool, in particular, which has a high-tech, time-saving, and shiny hair–imparting secret. The Brooklyn-based haircare and tool brand Amika has just released the 2.0 version of its best-selling Straightening Brush, and it has a superpower.
Straightening brushes gained popularity in the ’80s and ’90s for melding two tools into one to save time and effort. They fell out of fashion, but—like all things ’90s—are making a strong comeback, thanks in part to how much better they are for your locks compared to traditional hair straighteners. Amika’s Polished Perfection Straightening Brush was part of that resurgence, with the original launching in 2017 and quickly gaining a cult following. Fusing the power of a straightener with the ease of a hairbrush, this do-it-all tool straightens even the curliest of curls with just a simple swipe or two.
But it’s the brand’s new Polished Perfection Straightening Brush 2.0 that’s interesting to even non–straightening brush users. Featuring iRed beam technology, the tool can brush through hair even quicker, with smoother results. It may sound too good to be true, so here’s the science: The tool uses far infrared heat, which can permeate the hair shaft deeper for an instantly smoother and silkier look. (The form of heat used in popular infrared saunas, like Higher Dose.)

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.721748
Retrieved Text: I grew up surrounded by hair ­brushing store: Brushing hair at midnight on the eve of a full moon was supposed to make strands grow faster and longer, brushing with someone else's brush gave you dandruff, and brushing your hair 100 times could make your hair oily or keep your scalp clean, depending on who you asked. On the other hand, brushing not at all- an idea that sounded pretty good to me as a child - proved you had been brought up badly. Despite all this advice, however, no one discussed what kind of brush I should use, or even how to use it. For answers to these questions I paid special attention to my friends' mothers as they cared for my playmates' hair. Every mom had a different method: One saturated her daughter's head will a spray-on the tangier and reached for a wide-tooth comb, Another would fumble in her handbag for a small nylon-bristled brush, which she violently raked through her stoic child's tresses. Yet another mom would section her girl's locks into four parts and pull a wooden natural-bristled brush from root to tip, root to tip, until all strands had been groomed.
I no longer have friends who live with their mothers, so for hair-care advice I turn to hairdressers, who have shown me exactly what kind of brush to use and how to use it­information I will happily pass on to you. The right-brush and comb When was the last time you actually went shopping for a hairbrush? If you're like

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.268087
Retrieved Text: Powiązane zwroty — "brush hair"
She brushes her hair in the morning. = Ona czesze włosy rano.
She used to brush her long hair by the hour.
She used to talk to me while I brushed her hair.
The woman had brushed her hair sometimes, when the man wasn't looking.
Even then, though, there were times she would ask him to brush her hair.
"And she said that my mother would probably make you brush your hair."
She stood up, and brushed back her long hair yet again.
"How long does it take you to brush your hair?"
I could not dress myself or even brush my hair.
Don't brush your hair until we are out of sight, though.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.01908
Retrieved Text: With a common toothbrush, as any dentist will tell you, the interdental spaces are difficult to reach because the large brush head always brushes several teeth at the same time. The SOLO concept is based on completely new brush shapes, which allows a cleaning of the individual tooth and the interdental spaces and thus guarantees greater dental hygiene.
To remove plaque and bacteria from the narrow interdental spaces used interdental brushes. Their bristles also master the small inner curvatures of the tooth edges, which are less easy to achieve when using floss. The small brushes are available in different sizes, depending on the size of the interdental spaces.
Brush your teeth once a day, without the use of toothpaste and water. Who does not want to give up the fresh feeling of toothpaste, of course, can additionally brush his teeth as usual. However, especially soft brushes that do not attack the gums and enamel are recommended.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.815035
Retrieved Text: A child’s first visit to the dentist should be enjoyable. Children are not born with a natural fear of the dentist, but they can fear the unknown. Our office makes a special effort to use pleasant, non-frightening, and simple words to describe each treatment. We want you and your child to feel at ease from the moment your family arrives at our office. The more you and your child know about the first visit, the better you will feel.
As your child’s teeth erupt, be sure to examine them every two weeks, looking for lines and discoloration that may be caused by decay. Remember, sugary foods and liquids can attack a new tooth, so take care that your child brushes his or her teeth after feeding or eating. We recommend brushing twice a day for optimal oral hygiene: after breakfast and at bedtime.
Your child should visit the dentist every six months for regular dental cleanings and checkups. Along with regular cleanings, we recommend fluoride treatments twice a year to keep teeth their strongest. Tooth sealants are also recommended because they “seal” the deep grooves in your child’s teeth, preventing decay from forming in these hard-to-reach areas. Sealants last for several years, but they will be monitored at your regular checkups.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.18683
Retrieved Text: Did you know that regular visits to the dentist and good oral hygiene can prevent most dental disease? That’s why the American Dental Association recommends that kids start visiting the dentist after their first baby tooth appears, or no later than their first birthday, and then continue to see their dentist regularly.
At times physicians and dentists recommend that a patient take antibiotics before certain dental procedures. This is called antibiotic prophylaxis or preventive antibiotics. But why do healthcare providers suggest this extra step?
We all have bacteria in our mouths, and a number of dental treatments—and even daily routines like chewing, brushing or flossing—can allow bacteria to enter the bloodstream. For most of us, this isn’t a problem. A healthy immune system prevents these bacteria from causing harm. However, for people with certain specific health issues these bacteria can cause an infection elsewhere in the body.
That is why preventive antibiotics are recommended for people who have specific heart conditions, which includes only certain congenital heart problems. The American Heart Association has guidelines identifying those who should take antibiotics prior to dental care.
What can you do to keep your child healthy?
Your dentist needs to know your child’s full medical history. Tell your dentist about any changes in your child’s health since his or her last visit and make sure he or she knows about all medications your child is taking.
With this information in hand, your dentist can talk to you and your child’s physician about whether preventive antibiotics are recommended for your child.
Good home care is key to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.898027
Retrieved Text: Andrea's World Reviews: Knot Genie Review and GIVEAWAY!
Most of you that have seen my reviews, know that I have very long hair. I always get people tell me they love it, but most don't realize how much of a hassle it actually is.
I like having my hair long in theory, but in practice, it is quite aggravating. If I wear it down, it gets caught on everything and tangles for absolutely no reason.
And brushing my hair is such a chore. It takes over half an hour much of the time. It always breaks and winds up with split ends.
All the work and damage made me consider cutting it hundreds of times. Thankfully, I never did.
How I have found the answer to most of my hair issues. Knot Genie Detangling Brush is so amazing.
The magic of this brush lies in the different length bristles. These help get into the tangle better and release the knots quickly without breaking or tearing hair, and without pain.
I don't even care about the pair. My head can handle it. But I don't want damaged hair, or to spend forever brushing it.
And, the gentle factor is ideas for my children. My daughter's head is very tender, and she dreaded getting her hair brushed(prior to using the Knot Genie). She would always throw a fit and end up making it hurt more and take twice as long.
With Knot Genie, I can brush her hair in only a couple minuted, without any pain or fear. She eve tries to brush it herself now(at 18

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.675325
Retrieved Text: Size 4 – 5mm Green VisionPerio Interdental Brush in packs of four. These can also be purchased in loose bags of 10 brushes. For more information please click on to Loose VisionPerio interdental brushes.
Bought these to replace Tepe brushes and other equivalents available on the high street. These are very good!
Wow! My hygienist recommended these brushes for cleaning inbetween my teeth … I love them!
Hi Trish, that’s great news and you will find they last a long longer than some other brushes on the market.
This is my second purchase on the advice of my dentist. They work extremely well. I also have the purple ones. I will continue to buy and use these.
Hi Charlene, thanks very much for your review, really pleased to hear that are working so effectively for you.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.665096
Retrieved Text: Last year Jony & Kraig Lootens decided to be healthier together and adopted the Atkins diet, successfully losing 60 pounds between the two of them.
“The diet was ideal for Kraig so he could eat any meat and cheese he wanted,” laughed Jony, 32, a social worker for SSM Hospice in Jefferson City.
The couple are parents to Skyler, 7, Tanner, 5, and Gage, 1.
“Every time Jony got pregnant, I would gain weight too, but she lost it and I didn’t,” said Kraig.
After looking at photos of himself and not liking what he saw, he resolved to diet and exercise and he lost 45 pounds. Kraig, 37, who works for the city, now runs between one to three miles each day, and also exercises on his lunch break. Jony, who lost about 20 pounds, and Kraig continue to eat healthy, often keeping with the low-carb tenets of Atkins, but are more flexible now that they’ve achieved their goal weights.
To celebrate the couple’s accomplishment of a healthier lifestyle, they were willing to experiment with a new look.
Jony, who almost never wears makeup, gave stylist Catherine Crum free rein to change her look. Catherine’s detail-oriented approach enhanced Jony’s natural hair color and created a style that the busy mom is able to maintain at home—with a few extra pops of emphasis to really ramp up her image. Paired with clothing from Calena’s Fashions, Jony was pleased with her new look. Kraig also picked out a new outfit for the photo shoot.
Hair – Catherine, assisted by stylist Terra McClanahan, enhanced Jony’s

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.566566
Retrieved Text: A girl’s hair is her crowning glory. At The Hair Helper we believe that every little girl should feel this way about the head of hair she is adorned with. Of course, only having one hair type in our home, makes it tricky to talk about various tips and tricks for looking after all the different types of hair that you will find. So, we’ve enlisted the help of some lovely ladies, who we’ve met through social media.
Mum of two little ladies, Lottie from The Haymans blog, has kindly shared about how she cares for her eldest daughter’s hair.
I’m Lottie, Mum to two daughters Marnie and Polly. We live in Hampshire. I’m currently on maternity leave and enjoying spending lots of time with my girls. Marnie absolutely loves to have her hair styled!
How would you describe your daughter’s hair?
Marnie has shoulder length mid-brown hair. It is thick and has the most beautiful curls at the end. Polly’s hair is quite different, she was born with a lot of hair whereas Marnie wasn’t. Hers is thick, dark brown and seems to be very straight.
What products do you use, and find work on your daughter’s hair?
Marnie has a very dry scalp so I tend to use Dentinox cradle cap shampoo on her. Due to her dry scalp I don’t tend to use much else. I use a Tangleteezer to brush it.
How often do you wash your daughter’s hair?
I wash Marnie’s hair every time she has a bath which is every other day. She used to hate having her

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.226866
Retrieved Text: The removal of plaque prevents caries and periodontal problems. Simple rules help to ensure good oral hygiene.
Ideally two brushings a day morning and evening are recommended. In practice, two minute daily brushing makes it possible to obtain a satisfactory hygiene, if the gum is in good health. In case of gum disease, the three daily brushings can be advised. Do not eat or drink anything (except water) after evening brushing.
The brush used must be soft bristles, with a small head to access every nook and cranny. Hair that is too hard can wear out your enamel significantly in the long term and cannot remove plaque properly. Better gentle brushing than aggressive brushing that could damage your enamel and gums.
The manual brush provides excellent results when used properly. Some electric brushes can achieve the same results with a little more ease.
Always brush your teeth with a movement of the gum towards the tooth. At the beginning of the movement, the bristles of the brush must be placed on the gum. Be careful to brush all the faces of the teeth.
Interdental brushes and dental floss are an integral part of brushing. Indeed, the toothbrush does not clean between the teeth. A large part of the dental problems (caries, déchaussements …) start between the teeth since the bacteria stagnate there. If the gum is in good health, brushing should be done once a day, ideally in the evening. In case of gum disease, it may be necessary to do it 2 to 3 times a day. If the interdental

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.202013
Retrieved Text: Hair straightening can be time-consuming, especially if you have curly hair. Want a quick way to straighten your hair in around 2-3 minutes? Check out the Luma Brush my friends, it will change everything in the hair department. It’s a new and easy way to quickly smooth out your hair and leave it soft and frizz-free. If you want a faster way to style your hair straight, skip the flat iron and check out my review of the Luma Brush.
Spoiler alert: This new hair tool is the hottest thing to hit the hair market and you are going to need it. I am not just talking about wanting it my friends, this new brush and hair straightener combo is going to be your next everyday hair tool essential. Now let’s get to that review.
How Does the Luma Brush Hair Straightening Tool Work?
This new Luma hair tool concept for straightening your locks works by using a 3D ceramic brush head surface that is much larger and wider than your typical flat iron. It has insulated hair brush bristles that quickly straighten your hair as it gently glides through each section your brush. Another major bonus is that it has consistent heat that doesn’t damage the hair like traditional straightening tools.
There will always be knockoffs of the best products. With that said, there are some Luma Brush Copy Cats and they are pretty bad. We all know that you pay for what you get…well in this case…it’s 1,000% true.
Other hair straightening brush tools don’t deliver consistent heat which

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.96262
Retrieved Text: There is a picture hanging on my A-moms bedroom wall of me when I am about eight-years-old. If you could see it you would be convinced that Madeleine Albright was my first-mother, I look just like her. My hair is a perfect copy of hers during the Clinton administration. My A-mom loves this picture. It was taken at now long closed portrait studio just down the street from the beauty shop where I got my first professional perm.
We didn’t have an appointment to have my picture taken that day, but Mom was so thrilled with my new look she convinced the woman who ran the studio to take my picture right there and then. This was a great victory for my mother in the war that she had waged on straight hair and she was going to have record of it.
The war on my locks started just as soon as I had any hair to speak of as far as I know. I cannot remember a time my mother was not entrenched in the battle. She was not a hairdresser, but she wasn’t going to let that stop her in her quest to make my hair “acceptable”.
Most of the memories I have of our first house are of the bathroom sink. I spent hours there having my hair washed with Breck shampoo, always twice, always followed by an icy rinse. Then being pulled up, half dizzy, to have my hair combed through with a rat tail comb, from the ends, ripping and pulling until my scalp

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.90001
Retrieved Text: Interesting facts about teeth and dentistry that makes going to the dentist all the more bearable!
Everyone’s tongue is just like a fingerprint. It’s unique to every person.
The average woman smiles 62 times a day. The average man only 8 times a day!
78% of children in the U.S. will have at least 1 cavity by the age of 17.
Dental floss was first manufactured in 1882. How old!
The average person brushes for only 45 to 70 seconds when the recommended brushing time is 2 to 3 minutes.
Crocodile birds clean crocodile teeth! It’s a real thing!
The blue whale is the biggest mammal in the world; however, they only eat tiny shrimp because they have no teeth.
Most tooth loss in patients over 35 is due to periodontal disease.
Tooth decay is the American’s most common disease after the common cold.
Clean teeth help prevent heart attacks.
Dental Assistant Irene Newman was the first to be trained to clean teeth and became the first dental hygienist in 1905.
Ancient Greeks used toothpaste made of pumice, talc, alabaster and coral powder. Yuck!
The world’s earliest known dentist was Hesi-Re, who lived in Egypt over 5,000 years ago.
The world’s first toothbrushes were tree twigs.
Colgate introduced the first flavored toothpaste in 1873.
The world’s first dental school opened in 1840 in Baltimore.
During the dark ages, using someone else’s toothbrush was a crime!
Paul Revere – known for many other things, he was the first to used dental forensics to identify bodies killed in battle.
Thomas Welch – Do you buy Welch products? Guess what? He was a dentist, too!
Grant Wood – The

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.897036
Retrieved Text: Really, it’s some kind of miracle.
My 4yo has very long hair, it’s a little curly and it’s pretty fine, so it tangles quite easily. Up until now, I’ve been using a detangling spray on her hair and I’ve been brushing it twice a day one section at a time.
A few weeks ago I received a sample of this “miracle” brush called the Knot Genie. I was skeptical. To be completely honest it looked like a brush you would use to groom a pet. I tried it though and I was pleasantly surprised.
It goes right through her hair, easily and without pain. She doesn’t cry when I use it, and she doesn’t try to move away. I don’t know how or why, but it works for us.
One time she had quite a few knots in her hair and I was skeptical once again. All I did was keep going over the knots with the brush and it worked them out of her hair, once again without pain or complaining.
I loved my experience with this brush so much that I contacted them so they could sponsor one of our questions in our Facebook party.
I rarely, if ever, do any review blog posts. BUT I do get excited about products that I love. This is one of them and I want to share it with you.
Let me know if you like it Lianne! Four sets of hair puts things in perspective for me and the one head that I have to brush.
I just did a review for them! LOVE

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.876823
Retrieved Text: Catherine Zeta Jones evolved her look; she dramatically changes her hairstyles and looks which gives her pretty cool makeover. You can know here exactly what hair styles she had on different occasion and event.
In this hair look she had combination of medium to long layers which cut from mid length to end to allow bounce and movement. Curls on her hair set through mid length and bottom of hair length. In this hair style her she gave natural wavy and curly hair look and this is easy yet stunning hair style.
Catherine Zeta Jones had this Brunette Updo in which pull back all the hairs and tug at the back of the head to loosen the bun a bit, and scatter some bangs across the forehead. This is messy Updo but still you look better with this Updo. Catherine Zeta also looked beautiful in such hairstyle.
Tousled shiny waves: In this hairstyle through Catherine Zeta-Jones's lengthy hairs first create the side part and push the bangs over the side, then to make hairs wavy, curling iron has been used and to make the hairs wavy used some rolling techniques. To make hairs shiny texturizing spray has been used.
Long Straight hairs: This is the most common hairstyle ever but the sexiest hairstyle it is. She had her hairs in layers and had side swept bangs and the hair was sleek straight.
Flared-outward curls: To make Volumized hair Catherine Zeta Jones try on this hairstyle. In this style she has mid parted hairs, which was curled in outward direction which looked

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.801985
Retrieved Text: It helped achieve a salon-worthy style in minutes!
Mornings are usually a stressful affair for me. Whether I've slept through my alarm clock or just waited until the last minute to roll out of bed, getting ready for the day can be rough.
That's why I'm constantly on the hunt for products that cut down the time I need to spend on my morning routine.
When I heard about the Dafni ceramic straightening brush, it sounded like the perfect solution to my early morning lethargy.
With the push of a button, the brush heats up to 365 degrees in less than a minute. Then, it can straighten strands in one stroke.
The first time I used the tool, it was easy. I was able to comb through my hair the way I would with any other hair brush, but the heat transformed my air-dried, disheveled locks into a smooth style that looked like a professional blowout. The whole process was fast (around 5 minutes) and I found I got the best results brushing from underneath.
I have shoulder-length, relatively straight hair, so I enlisted the help of some co-workers with longer, curlier hair to try it out as well.
TODAY Editor Bryanna Cappadona took the brush for a spin. She has longer, curly hair that she straightens on occasion. Cappadona said she was definitely impressed by the brush's speed and some of the features that set it apart from a traditional straightening iron. "You can get really close to your root," Cappadona said of the brush's ability to combat the dreaded straightener crease.
She

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.795221
Retrieved Text: Haley was currently in the stables, completing her final chore for the day. She liked it here with the pegasi. The gentle brush strokes against their hair, the soft nuzzlings that they gave her - horses were great animals. All in all, she was happy that she had this chore for today. It allowed her some quiet time to think and clear her head.
She stepped back away from the Pegasus that she was currently working on, only to stick her foot in the water bucket that she was currently using, soaking her leg up to the knee. She let out an audible groan of frustration.
Andy walked through the camp with his scythe resting on his shoulder and his hellhounds at his side, looking like an agent of death rather that a child of Hecate. Hearing a bit of a bustle from he nearby stables the tall teen walked over with a hand in his pocket as his more fluffy of the two hounds bounded ahead and began sniffing around the stables, sitting behind a girl who was working on tending to a pegasus. Andy was still a little ways away so the hound merely sat there looking both a bit fierce and rather cute at the same time. He barked once to attempt to get the girls attention as his tail wagged and his spied red collar shone in the soft light, red eyes glowing brightly to show his excitement.
So the crap day got even crappier. Nothing like getting your shoe soaked in dirty water so

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.681175
Retrieved Text: An apple a day does not keep the dentist away. Trust me, I’ve tried and my dentist always finds room to tell me to brush more often. I swear I brush twice a day! Technically you should brush after you eat anything but I’m not walking around with a toothbrush. The Any Brush is all about portable brushing in a convenient disposable package.
You get a set of disposable brushes you slip on a finger. The other side of the container holds toothpaste. You put the two together and I’m sure you can figure out what to do from there. Although I’ve seen concepts like this in stores already, I’ve yet to see it all put together in a simple package. The great thing is everything is ecologically sound as the designer worked hard to minimize the use of materials. I can’t wait to show my dentist.
But practical indeed, or is it how often are people going to use this?
Not very often i guess.
whats new on this product…???
there is no product that isnt existed before.
it shows better way for convenient keeping and way of using..
crest test marketed a product just like this, failed for a number of reasons such as the availabilty of small travel brushes for people that have oral fixation.
4 out of 5 dentists recommend brushing your teeth twice a day, the 5th one just recommends sticking your finger in your mouth for extra minty fingers.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.484985
Retrieved Text: We can't claim that we discovered this but a Sunny's Girl put us onto this miracle in a brush. The Denman Thermal Ceramic Brush uses natural boar bristles to smooth unruly tresses. Our Sunny's Girl uses it to straighten her Indian Hair and her hair is flawless. She swears by using the Denman brush in front of her FHI Runway flatiron and all it takes is one pass to deliver silky smooth straight hair that isn't too heat damaged.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.443321
Retrieved Text: I know which one I prefer to book, but please don’t tell my dental hygienist, he would be appalled, as would my Mother! Dental hygiene to me, means brushing my teeth twice a day and keeping my bi-annual dental appointments, right? Wrong!
Dental Hygiene; Healthy Mouth, Healthy Body vs manicures and facials.
Every couple of months, I will happily spend approximately £30 on my nails and £70 on my face (sometimes more, sometimes less) This includes moisturisers, nail varnishes, occasionally facials and manicures. I regard these things as treats, I feel I deserve them.
However, when it comes to investing in my long-term oral health and wellbeing, I must confess I could do more. And it turns out I am not alone.
In fact, the latest research from TePe UK revealed that nearly a third of UK adults have never been to a dental hygienist, despite their key role in the prevention of tooth decay and gum disease, choosing instead to prioritise quick fix beauty and grooming treatments, such as haircuts, manicures and waxing.
Why A Visit to the Dental Hygienist Could Save Your Life?
Your Dental Hygienist can play a key role not only in the prevention of gum disease and tooth decay, but possibly save your life by identifying wider health issues such as diabetes or even oral cancer!
Last week I visited my local dental Hygienist for a half hour session that cost £58. I had my teeth thoroughly cleaned and polished. It did not hurt but it did feel ‘cold’ on one of my sensitive teeth. I consider every

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.403418
Retrieved Text: Ludo Mosebi unconsciously began her natural hair journey in 2007 while studying overseas. Her reasons were simple… She was now dealing with a change of weather and the lack of available hairdressers in the area where she resided meant that her hair was breaking and increasingly becoming shorter every day. At the end of her first year in April 2007, she cut her tresses and embraced short hair.
With little knowledge of how to take care of natural hair she kept her hair under weaves and braids. Fast-forward to 2013, she wanted a straight hair piece where she would leave the front part out and her hairdresser told her to do a blow out so that her hair would blend in. “Little did I know she was applying relaxer to my roots and this would alter my natural curl pattern. I was hurt and angry and decided to transition for a whole year and chopped off the relaxed ends in Dec 2014,” she says. She researched ways of taking care of natural hair. Her motivation, she says was that she wanted to embrace what God gave her and celebrate her Blackness and African hair. “I have no problem with relaxers only that they burned my scalp and my hair was straw thin, so having natural hair gave the illusion that I had fuller hair,” she says. Another naturalist, Tapiwa Gachala, embarked on her journey in October 2013. She says that at one point, she felt that her hair/scalp was fed up with chemicals. Her scalp was extremely

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.36352
Retrieved Text: Is the Right Brush the Secret to a Good Hair Day?
In partnership with Tangle Teezer.
I’ve recently become aware of the fact that, as an adult, I do not brush my hair very often. This might have something to do with the fact that I am still on my hair journey — learning what is and is not healthy for it, what works and what doesn’t for my specific textures (yes, with an “s,” because there are multiple on my head!). It might be because that Pollyanna image of a woman in front of her vanity counting brushstrokes is a big “no” for me, because who has time to COUNT BRUSHSTROKES? Or maybe this is simply because, when it comes to my hair, I’m kind of…lazy? TBD.
The thing is, does anyone brush their hair that often? One simple survey of my colleagues later and I learned that I am not the only one who prefers to let her hair do what it wants as opposed to taming it with toothy tools. Which is precisely why I thought it would be fun to do something different for a change: brush our hair! Below, a Team MR foray into the wild world of mane-taming wherein three of us, thanks to Tangle Teezer, test out hairstyles that require hair-brushing for ultimate success. Read on for a truly enlightening experience.
Cornrows achieved thanks to The Thick & Curly detangling hairbrush, Salsa Red.
How old were you when you learned to brush your own hair?
I’m not sure, but the mythology surrounding my hair is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.286154
Retrieved Text: Lady Jayne Flexi Glide Detangling Brush Large is rated 5.0 out of 5 by 8.
Rated 5 out of 5 by kirby22 from Best hair brush there is! My eldest daughter has thick hair that gets tangled. I have spent hundreds of dollars on hair brushes that have not worked. This brush has made our morning so much easier, no more tears when brushing her hair! It’s amazing. My youngest has curly hair and it is great for her as well. I even use it now and am going to purchase some spares. It was an incidental purchase while travelling when I had left our hairbrush at our previous destination. So happy with this!
Rated 5 out of 5 by gale14 from Best detangling brush I brought this for my granddaughter who has naturally curly hair that is hard to manage... now she brushes her hair without complaining... it is the best detangling brush on the market..

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.22577
Retrieved Text: Or should I call this article, ‘The trick to tricking your kids to brush their teeth’?
For a Mother’s Day article in a local newspaper, I was asked about the best words of wisdom my darling mother gave me. In amongst the other suggestions from well known QLD personalities like ‘Be true to yourself’, ‘Work on your personality because your looks will fade’ and ‘Think about others’, my advice was simply: ‘Clean your teeth’.
My Mum was a dental nurse and her obsessive-compulsive disorder for brushing our pegs paid off — all her children are cavity free. The only advice she neglected to share was how to make them do it. Right now you would think brushing my daughter’s teeth was a nightly ‘brush with death’ for her. Millie acts like I’m coming at her with a dentist drill when I pull out her little pink princess tooth brush and it usually ends in some kind of head lock, arms flailing about, screams of torture and the neighbours putting up For Sale signs to move as far away from loud, weird neighbours as possible.
I have a new appreciation for Mum as she did this with FIVE children and not a glass of wine in sight. She should win mother of the millennium. In the meantime I’m really letting the family pride down, and I’m afraid Millie will be the first two-year-old on the planet with dentures.
Any dentist will tell you that teaching a child to care for their teeth from a young age will be an investment in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.160645
Retrieved Text: Kendall Jenner may come from a family known for it's love of all things glam and girly, but when it comes to the 20-year-old model's own beauty routine, she practices less is more and likes "very little makeup and clean hair." The reality TV star turned top model may have access to all of the latest and hair and makeup products on shoots and on the runway, but the following five products are her must-haves that always have a place in her makeup bag.
Despite swatching, sometimes when you put a new lipstick it on, it's not the exact shade you were hoping for. In times like this, Jenner turns to these two The Estée Edit by Estée Lauder shades for a quick fix. “These lipsticks are genius: The black lip shade can be layered over any lip color to make it darker, and the yellow one turns any shade brighter,” Jenner says.
Jenner turns to Harry Josh's paddle brush because "It smooths my hair without snagging, and it's great for blow-drying."
If your hair is stubbornly straight like Kendall's, try a few spritzes of her go-to hair-styler by Oribe to get your strands moving. "My hair is very silky, which is a blessing and a curse," she says of her signature sleek style. "It can get very boring, so I add this spray when I want some texture."
Kendall's secret to instantly make tired eyes look awake: Shu Uemura's cult-favorite eyelash curler. "I use this when I'm not wearing any makeup. It makes my lashes pop so I don't

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.153524
Retrieved Text: I have to admit that I did not have high hopes for this SymbolLife Hair Straightener Brush, I’m use to the typical flat iron and I couldn’t see how this would be much better but I’m beginning to see why people are going nuts over these brush straighteners.
I will say that my biggest complaint with this straightener is that the user’s manual has no English in it so it was not helpful to me at all. That being said it is basically a flat iron so there’s not a ton to figure out. This is comfortable to use, the cord is nice and long and rotates 360 degrees so you don’t have to worry about the cord getting tangled.
There is a power button and once the straighteneris plugged in the lights on the front begin to blink. I set my timer and it took approximately 3 minutes for 4 lights to light up but I’m not quite sure what temperature that is because the straightener temperature starts at 130 and goes to 200 but there are 6 lights so the math is not instantly obvious. Whatever temperature that is it seemed to do the job for me.
I will admit that I have fairly straight hair and for some reason today my daughter’s hair was quite straight but it was the best I could do demonstrate. You can feel little to no heat coming off of the brush, it is the same as putting your hand in front of an electric heater, just enough to feel it

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.029911
Retrieved Text: 'Tis the season for change.
Barely 24 hours into the new year, Kim Kardashian West is already prepping for a major beauty change. On Monday, she rang in 2018 on Instagram by posting a throwback photo from back when she was a brunette. "Dark hair for the new year?," the currently platinum blonde reality star captioned the pic, hinting that she's thinking about going back to her roots in 2018.
Kim K. has been rocking her Khaleesi-inspired silver hair since September, first showing off the dye job during fashion week at Tom Ford's Spring/Summer 2018 show. After the major shade change, she shared just how much time she and her team spent lightening her signature raven-hued hair on her app, writing, "The last time I went platinum, a few years back, I dyed it in one sitting and never gave it the proper time. So this time, I sat there 12 hours straight. Then, we did another 5-hour session. In the end, SO worth it."
When she posted a photo of her family in front of the Christmas tree just a few days later, the blonde hair was back. With the KKW Beauty mogul's affection for quick color changes, maybe the only thing fans can be sure of is that whatever hair change Kardashian undergoes to kick off 2018, it almost certainly won't be the only one she tries on this year.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.025759
Retrieved Text: Make new friends with this 18-inch doll!
The world is full of new friends to meet!
Elona loves kitties, and she knows that the secret to a paws-itive attitude is to believe in yourself and never give up!
Meow is a great time to go out and play!
This beautiful 18-inch Our Generation Regular Doll is ready to make new friends, go on adventures, and she’s always “kitten around.” (Hee hee, get it?) She has deep brown eyes and soft, silky white-blonde hair that is approximately shoulder- length. Her hair arrives in two low ponytails, but it’s easy to brush and style in all kinds of hairstyles. Elona comes with one complete outfit and wears a burgundy-red jacket, a sleeveless tunic with an adorable cat print, grey leggings, and casual brown shoes. Elona is looking forward to playing with you!
Elona loves to dress up in clothes that reflect her love of cats. For another purrrfect look, check out the Class Act outfit with a cat-ear hat, and lots of other items to mix and match for endless style!
What other hobbies does Elona love? When you take her home with you, you get to decide what her favorite interests are. There are lots of great Our Generation accessories to help her find the perfect way to play, like the Row Your Boat Set, a rowboat for dolls with all kinds of fun accessories and a doll fishing rod!
Elona arrives with her hair in two low ponytails, but you can style her hair in a lot of different ways!
When you first undo

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: The word "acquisition" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The child's acquisition of language.
Sentence 2: That graphite tennis racquet is quite an acquisition.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.501266
Retrieved Text: titanium tennis racquets wilson racket review.
titanium tennis racquets strung ti wilson 3 racket.
titanium tennis racquets head ti racket wilson 3.
titanium tennis racquets head ti racket review for sale.
titanium tennis racquets rackets review.
titanium tennis racquets coated steel strings individual racquet wilson xl racket.
titanium tennis racquets graphite vs.
titanium tennis racquets prince graphite response racket racquet hand second head nano price.
titanium tennis racquets are good.
titanium tennis racquets racket for sale.
titanium tennis racquets sting graphite racquet w power slots 4 3 8 grip wilson federer racket.
titanium tennis racquets head ti radical elite racquet blue orange large wilson racket price.
titanium tennis racquets head ti carbon racquet racket cover 4 3 8 grip wilson review.
titanium tennis racquets top quality new head supreme racket racquet professionals grip 4 1 3 8 in rackets from sports for sale.
titanium tennis racquets review of head racquet graphite.
titanium tennis racquets head ti radical elite racquet main image s6 price.
titanium tennis racquets champion sports oversized racket head nano racquet for sale.
titanium tennis racquets head tour pro yellow and black 4 1 2 grip racket for sale.
titanium tennis racquets head ti racket wilson price.
titanium tennis racquets ultra pro racquet with case wilson 3 racket.
titanium tennis racquets head tour pro 4 1 2 grip size racquet wilson racket review.
titanium tennis racquets tour racquet blue orange amp white 4 1 2 grip head nano for sale.
titanium tennis racquets head racket racquet price.
titanium tennis racquets pro racquet wilson 3 racket.
titanium tennis racquets innovative design maximizes performance wilson federer racket.
titanium tennis racquets wilson impact racquet price.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.338715
Retrieved Text: The Wilson Ultra 25″ Inch Pre-Strung Black/Blue/White Junior Tennis Racquet is an excellent junior performance racket with new power technologies added that will overwhelm opponents with its precision shot making. Power Rib with Integrated Crush Zone Technology features an enhanced geometry for more explosive power and an innovative yoke grommet for increased ball dwell time on the strings. Parallel Drilling provides more consistent shot making from the forgiving and lively string bed response.
It also features a 100 square inch head, a low-density, spin-inducing string pattern at 16×19, comes strung at 8.3 ounces, and at 4 points head light, makes this stick a spin generating machine.
PERFECT PERFORMANCE JUNIOR RACKET: The Wilson Ultra 25″ Inch Pre-Strung Black/Blue/White Junior Tennis Racquet is simply a 2″ inches shorter frame geared towards juniors not quite ready to wield an adult sized racket (27″ inches), and also has the same performance-based, lightweight graphite frame that reduces unwanted vibration while increasing feel.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.459614
Retrieved Text: Emulate the ball striking of Novak Djokovic on the courts with the HEAD IG Speed 23 Junior Tennis Racquet. An awesome black with white color scheme coats the graphite-composite frame, which is 23 inches long and suitable for 36 ft court play (red ball). The racquet weighs 7.6 ounces, sports a 95' square inch head, and a slightly head-light balance. This racquet comes prestrung.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.00461
Retrieved Text: Lowest prices on table tennis tables table tennis robots table tennis equipment. Nano Tec technology provides better material characteristics which helps player in making good drive, fast counter attack shots.
Although it may be played with larger teams the most common forms of the game are " singles" ( with one player per side) " doubles" ( with two players per side). You will not need to work hard or be skilled to start this game.
It is already included an Olympic sport since 1988, as well as. Here is a very basic summary of how to play racketball racketball rules section below , for a more in depth description see the video click here for Mark Fuller' s beginners guide to racketball. This guide covers all the basic shots basic tactics , how to play them how to construct a good rally. Tennis racket size guide. Just you have to know which badminton racket is best for your game.
Tennis racket size guide. In his early career the great Roger Federer used a 90 square inch racquet, he now plays with a 97 square inch model. Victor introduces its Aero Speed & Arrow power racket series in. # In Li Ning Ultra strong series is getting very popular in players who are looking for mega strong frame light weight racket.
Racket ( racquet) : Bat with a long handle , the frame made of wood, metal, some other synthetic material, graphite, composite used by a tennis player to hit the tennis ball during a game of tennis. The best

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.713097
Retrieved Text: Whether you are just starting out or you already have the skills of playing tennis, purchasing a racquet will have a great impact on your game. Every tennis racquet is created in a unique way. All of them have advantages and disadvantages. If you are planning to play the game on many occasions, it is proper for you to purchase the best tennis racquet. As you choose one, you should eye the one that has a grip size suitable for you. You can do this by measuring the distance between the middle of your palm to the top of your middle finger. This distance will be your correct grip size. It is in inches. You can also test the racquet to see if the index finger has enough space.
If there is no enough space for it, the racquet might not suit you well. This is also true if the room left for the finger is too large. If you realize you are between, you should choose the smaller one as the circumference can always be increased. Normally the racquets are around 27 inches long. However you can find others which are more than that. It is advisable to choose the longer racquets since they allow for great leverage on the swing. This gives the shot more power. However, you should be aware that the longer ones can be a bit challenging to aim. Therefore if you are a beginner, you should choose the normal size which is 27 inches. See this tennis ball machine training page.
There

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.38006
Retrieved Text: I have owned a good number of tennis racquet's over the years and have to say that this is one I really enjoy using. It has a very nice feel and balance to it. The racquet is made of graphite. It is light with an over sized head. It also measures 110 square inches. The main thing I really like about this model is the control it gives me on the various shots that I make. This Racquet is just such a pleasure to use. It's colors are red, white and blue. A very attractive looking Raquel. Also comes with a nice white case. I have liked the Wilson line of tennis racquet's for over 30 years now. I like the Raquel so much that I went out and purchased a duplicate one. I go back and forth between the two. I have owned them for a little over ten years. I have been a tennis player for over 30 years and am very fussy about my equipment. This one is a winner and has my full endorsement.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.072662
Retrieved Text: The way in which you grip a tennis racket determines how the ball will behave when hit. Tennis warehouse europe offers the best selection and lowest prices on all tennis rackets. Ive recently switched from using a prince tennis racket to the babolat aeropro drive.
It brings power to the player and swishes through the air with enough pressure.
Tennis racket. Buying your favourite tennis rackets have never been so easy. Tennis racquet reviews included. How to buy a tennis racquet new high tech materials larger heads and longer racquets have changed the way tennis is played. Whether youre a beginner hitter or dreaming of becoming the next tennis champion buying a tennis racquet will make a big difference for your game.
Shop for junior tennis rackets online at target. The ticonquest tennis racket from head is a top notch tennis racquet made of graphite and titanium making it be super light in weight while achieving mighty feats of performance. The final decision rests with the tsa officer on whether an item is allowed through the checkpoint. A lightweight implement that consists of a netting as of nylon stretched in a usually oval open frame with a handle attached and that is used for striking the ball or shuttlecock in various games such as tennis racquets or badminton.
While its true that a racquet is only as good as the player a new racquet can make all the difference in your comfort and accuracy when playing. Sign up now to get exclusive product updates and information. Etsy is the home

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.984653
Retrieved Text: Choosing the best Wilson tennis racket is all about picking the most appropriate one. As such, there is no perfect model for everyone. Experienced players who have the arm strength may find heavier racquets with large heads to be their best option to maintain control while delivering sufficient power. For other players, a playful bounce to doubles rallies suggests a product that is exceptionally responsive even with light touches. It’s all a matter of making the right choice for you.
The Wilson Pro Staff RF97 Autograph Tennis Racquet is a Wilson Federer Tennis racquet through and through. Roger Federer was involved in the development and engineering of this product because it represents his signature moves. The Pro Staff enjoys an enlarged head size to provide a bigger spot on this Wilson titanium tennis racket to return the ball successfully and avoid the net.The personal racquet of this Wimbledon great, it is built for fast swings to attack the ball aggressively both during serves and on extended volleys when wishing to reach any corner of the court to win the point. The RF97 Autograph is not the same as the Wilson Hope Tennis racket which is an oversized one with a lighter frame only for recreational use rather that aggressive competition though both features enlarged heads.
The braided graphite and Kevlar mix and Ampli feel high-tech handle do much to keep the weight down, yet the racquet still the weight of this model is 12 ounces. Some other models like the Wilson Pro Staff 97 model are lighter at

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.802925
Retrieved Text: RACCHETTA TENNIS WILSON AGGRESSOR 1000 PIATTO 95 PESO 315g CON CUSTODIA ORGINALE,Rawlings Heart of the Hide 12.5" First Base Fastpitch Glove RHT, PROTM8SBWilson A2000 2800 12 Inch First Base Glove Single PostGARLANDO TAVOLO PING PONG ADVANCE OUTDOOR RUOTE PIANO BLU -ESTERNO- [C.273E],Babolat Aero Pro Drive 2014-2015 model 100 head 10.6 4 1/4 grip Tennis Racquet,Rare /Nuovo Prince Classic Graphite 107 Tennis Racquet 43/8 Plastic on Handle,Champion Nba Canotta Charlotte vintage basket champion Shirt nba Charlotte,BABOLAT Drive Lite blu Lusso-l2,PRO204-4DSS-RightHandThrow Rawlings Heart of the Hide Baseball Glove PRO204-4DSS,Head SONIC PRO 200m Bianco Tennis Corde ruolo 200m Bianco Nuovo2018 Miken MF20BU 34/26 Freak Balanced 20th Anniv. USSSA 14" Barrel Softball Bat,2018 Easton Ghost Double Barrel -10 Fastpitch Bat FP18GH10 31/21,NIW,K-Swiss Uomo Tennis knitshot allcourtschuh NERO UE NUOVO,Bobine MSV Soft CONTROL 200m,NEW - 2017 Wilson A2K D33 11.75" Pitcher's Baseball Glove -WTA2KRB17D33,(TG. Size 16G) Trasparente/Argento Wilson Control Duo Cordi, (FRW),Raquette de tennis Head 660 Extended power wedge,TAVOLO DA PING PONG GARLANDO ADVANCE INDOOR OMAGGIO 6 PALLINE + KIT RACCHETTE,Dunlop Force 300 Tour Racchetta diede UVP NUOVO,CANOTTA SHIRT JERSEY MAILLOT TRIKOT BASKET BASKETBALL PIACENZA ITALY LNP SZ.XL,Fischer Pro Tour FT 4 3/8Head Microgel Radical Midplus 4 3/8 Tennis Racquet ( 2801)WILSON Pro Staff 85 6.0NIW 2018 MIKEN FREAK 23 KP USSSA SLOWPITCH SOFTBALL BAT MFK23U 27 OZ NO WARRANTY,Kazuhiro Wada Autograph Baseball Bat Chunichi Dragons Seibu Lions Collection B17,Head Challenge Spirit Tennis RacquetYonex VCORE Pro 100, 280g, Racchette da tennis-Merce NuovaNEW 2014 Wilson Pro Staff 97 head 11.1oz unstrung 4 1/4 grip Tennis Racquet,Tadahito Iguchi Autograph Singed Baseball Bat MLB

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.609722
Retrieved Text: Wilson Pro Staff RF 97 Tuxedo. Length: 27in / 68.58cm. Strung Weight: 12.6oz / 357.2g. Balance: 12.38in / 31.45cm / 9 pts HL. Beam Width: 21.5mm / 21.5mm / 21.5mm /. Composition: Graphite braided with aramid. Grip Type: Wilson Premium Leather. String Pattern:16 Mains / 19 Crosses. Mains skip: 7T, 9T, 7H, 9H. The item "Wilson pro staff RF 97 autograph 2019 Tuxedo tennis racquet, 3/8 grip, free ship" is in sale since Friday, January 11, 2019.
This item is in the category "Sporting Goods\Tennis & Racquet Sports\Tennis\Racquets". The seller is "spinla54" and is located in Sheridan, Wyoming. This item can be shipped to United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Australia, Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Slovenia, Japan, China, Sweden, South Korea, Indonesia, Taiwan, South africa, Thailand, Belgium, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Italy, Germany, Austria, Bahamas, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, Saudi arabia, Ukraine, United arab emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Croatia, Malaysia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa rica, Dominican republic, Panama, Trinidad and tobago, Guatemala, El salvador, Honduras, Jamaica, Viet nam.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.499573
Retrieved Text: This article gives you complete information about tennis game. This article includes scoring rules and equipments used in tennis game. Details about Court dimensions of tennis game are also quoted in this article.
Tennis is the Luxurious racquet sport in the world compared to other racquet sports. Tennis game is played as singles as well as doubles. According to the study Lawn tennis is originated from Birmingham, England in the 19th century. Wimbledon is the famous Tennis tournament in the world. Softball and racquet is used for playing the tennis game. Tennis was approved as a Olympic game from 1896.
The highest organizer and governing body of tennis is International Tennis Federation. Novak Djokovic is the No 1 player in 2011 Men's Tennis ATP Rankings and Caroline Wozniacki is the No 1 player in 2011 Women's Tennis WTA Rankings. The first Wimbledon Championship was held in 1877 at London. Tennis game requires more power and strength as it is along time game with many sets.
US open is one of the famous grand slam tournaments in Tennis and Wimbledon is the oldest Tennis tournament in the world. Different courts are used for playing Tennis game like Clay court, Hard court and grass courts. Different tournaments are played in different courts.
1) There will be a toss before the game where the player who wins the toss can choose serve or receive serve or choose the court.
2) In tennis scoring, there will be "game", "set", and finally "match point"
3) To win a game the player must take 4 points starting from

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.955032
Retrieved Text: Obsession is a word I know well, and not because of Calvin Klein. I also am familiar with “obsessed” and “obsessive” and “obsessive compulsive.” I know these words well because, well, I become easily obsessed. It’s (only a little) comforting to know it’s a trait I share with other Aspies.
The object of my obsession changes. Not day to day, but more like year to year. I’m not someone who, for example, devotes his life to building model trains. I don’t think I could devote my life to anything. With me, I get deep into a subject, and it’s like I sink my teeth into it and can’t let go. Or a better metaphor would be that my teeth get stuck and I’m forced to chew and chew and chew until I’ve finally devoured the subject, to the point that no one wants to hear anymore about it. Ever. Again.
Over the past year, my obsession has been tennis. (Were you surprised, given my last post?) That includes not just tennis players, but tennis tournaments, techniques (I’ve spent MONTHS practicing my “kick” serve), strategy, the history of tennis, ranking the greatest players, and perhaps most of all, tennis racquets (or as some prefer, especially those who have a pathological hatred of the French, rackets).
For the uninitiated — and that includes close to seven billion people, I’m guessing — there are hundreds of models of tennis racquets. Thousands, if you include historical racquets (I can tell you about the development from wood to metal to graphite to present day

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.837112
Retrieved Text: Your new home is waiting! Beautiful move in ready 4/2 home in much sought after Smith Farm! Home features tile and wood laminate throughout, vaulted ceilings, stainless steel appliances, upgraded kitchen granite counter tops and graphite sink, upgraded bathrooms, large screen patio off the kitchen and fenced yard. Smith Farm is in an A rated school district and within Park Vista boundaries. This gated community features 2 pools, jacuzzi, fitness center, basketball, tennis and racquet ball court, soccer & baseball field. Great neighborhood and great schools!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.600418
Retrieved Text: So you want to start playing tennis? Well you’re going to need a few things, so let’s start with the most important piece of tennis equipment you will ever need…a tennis racquet! Below are some of the tennis racquet reviews to help you pick out the best tennis racquet for you. Read the tennis racket ratings, demo a tennis racquet, and if you love it, buy it! Or if you just want to see what tennis racquets the ATP Pros use, I have a list. If you want know what racquets the WTA pros use, I have that as well; if you’re looking for a list of professional tennis strings, I got that too and if you’re curious about pro tennis shoes on the ATP and WTA tour, there’s a list.
There are a few different sizes that come standard; 4 1/8″ (L1), 4 1/4″ (L2), 4 3/8″ (L3), 4 1/2″ (L4), and 4 5/8″ (L5). The most commonly used size for men is 4 1/2″ and for women is 4 1/8″. The best way to measure the perfect grip size for your tennis racquet is to use a ruler. With your ruler you will want to measure your dominant hand, or playing hand, from the middle crease of the palm of your hand and measure up to the tip of your ring finger. Whatever grip size you choose, make sure you start with something a little smaller, that way, if it’s not quite right you can built it up. If you pick too large, it’s close

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.577606
Retrieved Text: Everyone has their favorite sports, and native Canadians won’t be surprised to learn that hockey still tops most lists as the most popular athletic pastime in this country. Soccer, basketball, rugby, lacrosse, and baseball also have intense followings. Another distinctly northern diversion, curling, also ranks high.
The idea to combine beloved sports has been going on for some time now. A few of these combinations are truly outlandish and unexpected. Would you have thought to combine football and tennis or tennis and polo? How about chess and boxing?!
No matter what the blend, the common denominator here is the same with all sporting pastimes: exercise and fun are the goals. To that end, we now add another one to the list: speedminton. It is just one of the exciting sporting activities offered in facilities like the new air-supported dome at Richmond Green Sports Centre & Park in Richmond Hill.
You are no doubt familiar with Badminton, a game where 2-4 people stand behind opposite sides of a net batting a “bird” back and forth. It is a fun, if fairly relaxed, endeavor that was common among the idle rich of olden times. Badminton still has a following nowadays, but probably won’t appeal to those looking for sports that push them physically.
As the name suggests, Speedminton really amps things up. Can you imagine the fast pace and hard racquet action of tennis using birds? Now can you imagine this without a badminton net? That nod to racquetball means a much greater chance of your opponent successfully returning a shot, which

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.557678
Retrieved Text: Are your kids interested in playing tennis or you just want them to try the sport for a little recreation? Either way, they’ll need a safe and reliable tennis racquet to start with. The Wilson US Open Junior tennis racquet is a great racquet to try tennis for the first time.
The Wilson US Open Junior tennis racquet comes in different sizes and offers all that a junior may need when starting in tennis. It comes in several different colors, which means it’s suitable for both girls and boys. That’s important because if you have both a son and a daughter, you can get them the same racquet but in a different color. That way, they get the same quality racquet, but they’d still be able to tell the difference between them.
The Wilson US Open Junior tennis racquet doesn’t come with a cover, but it’s a detail that’s not as important for the overall experience and quality of the game. Its features, materials, and specifications deliver excellent performance and ease of use.
For kids, it’s important that tennis is fun and enjoyable when they first start. This racket allows them to have fun on the field, but still have a proper start as beginners.
Without further ado, let’s take a moment to look into the details, specifications, and features that make the US Open Junior a great choice for your children.
Most importantly, the Wilson US Open Junior comes pre-strung, so you don’t have to bother with that at the very start. Stringing isn’t a big issue, but if you’re

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.416546
Retrieved Text: Do you wonder what racquets tennis professionals use? It is rarely the racquets they advertise but something called pro stock racquets with a paint job of the latest commercial racquet model. This post will help you get insight into what racquets the tennis pros really use.
The tennis racquet industry needs to sell racquets to survive and the best way to sell a racquet is for a popular and successful player to endorse and market it. But since most tennis pros are meticulous about their gear, and the tennis racquet is so important, they would not want to change racquets willy nilly. Instead they use the racquet model they are used to. It is then usually customized to their specs and the company paints it as a new model and the player “endorses” this line of racquets. The racquet they really use under the so called paint job is usually referred to as a pro stock tennis racquet.
Sometimes it is pretty close to what they are actually using. For example, Rafael Nadal plays the first edition of the Babolat Aero Pro Drive, but has always been endorsing the latest Aero Pro or Pure Aero line of tennis racquets from Babolat – right now being the Babolat Pure Aero . They are quite similar however, so it does not feel like a complete deception. It is similar with Nick Kyrgios who is using the Yonex Xi 98, but is endorsing the latest model Yonex Ezone 98.
Then we have a guy like Andy Murray who is playing with a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.198236
Retrieved Text: Should breaking a tennis racquet be allowed?
I’m all for players being courteous and models of professionalism, however; there is something so primal when I see Andy Roddick, Novak Djokovic, or even Marat Safin lose their cool and smash their tennis racquets on the court. It’s as if it’s something that should go hand in hand with tennis, because it can be extremely frustrating when things aren’t going your way.
If a player actually commits this ‘crime,’ the official usually warns them about racquet abuse, the next violation will result in a point, and the next will result in the game – Andy Roddick recently committed this crime. Typically players are fined a couple of thousand dollars after the match for the violation, which I see as rather excessive for breaking a $200 tennis racquet.
My real question is, should the USTA/ITF take the tennis racquet abuse rule off the books and allow the tennis players to bust their racquets? Obviously, not breaking every racquet they have all the time, but in certain situations. My opinion is that they should not be punished for doing it, I see it as a form of expression; like Billie Jean King said about tennis “Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquility.” Breaking a tennis racquet out of frustration is nothing more than just breaking a tennis racquet; it’s not like you are hurting anybody and most of the time the player throws the broken racquet into the crowd or gives it to a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.91989
Retrieved Text: Buy Now >> Racquetball String 17 G.
Ref: Racquetball 17 String G. Racquetball String 17 G.
Buy Now >> Head Intelligence i.165 Racquetball Racquet 3 5/8 - Pre-Owned, Good Condition!
Ref: Condition! Pre-Owned, 5/8 Intelligence i.165 Racquet - Head Good Racquetball 3 Head Intelligence i.165 Racquetball Racquet 3 5/8 - Pre-Owned, Good Condition!
Buy Now >> EFORCE BLACK GRAPHITE FIBER BEDLAM STUN 150 GRAM RACQUETBALL RACQUET ~ 3-5/8"
Ref: GRAM STUN GRAPHITE 3-5/8" EFORCE BEDLAM RACQUETBALL FIBER BLACK ~ RACQUET 150 EFORCE BLACK GRAPHITE FIBER BEDLAM STUN 150 GRAM RACQUETBALL RACQUET ~ 3-5/8"
Ref: 17 G. String Racquetball Racquetball String 17 G.
Buy Now >> GearBox M40 165 Teardrop Green Racquetball Racquet 3 15/16"
Ref: GearBox Racquet M40 Teardrop 165 15/16" Green Racquetball 3 GearBox M40 165 Teardrop Green Racquetball Racquet 3 15/16"
Buy Now >> RARE HEAD Dirty Deed 185g Racquetball Racquet Excellent Condition!
Ref: Racquet Excellent Condition! 185g Dirty Deed RARE Racquetball HEAD RARE HEAD Dirty Deed 185g Racquetball Racquet Excellent Condition!
Buy Now >> Ektelon Mirage Racquetball Eyewear Vented Sides-Anti Fog-headstrap- Brand New!!
Ref: Sides-Anti Brand Fog-headstrap- Mirage New!! Vented Racquetball Eyewear Ektelon Ektelon Mirage Racquetball Eyewear Vented Sides-Anti Fog-headstrap- Brand New!!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.87926
Retrieved Text: This is a brand that deserves a second look if youre looking for the best tennis racquet brand out there. There are 654 tennis racquet logos suppliers mainly located in asia. The babolat stencil is a thinner material than the other brands.
Tennis racquet logos products are most popular in north america south america and southeast asia.
Tennis racket brand logos. Sold separately without the ink these stencils are ideal for home stringing allowing you the ability to stencil the logo onto your racquet. Find great deals on ebay for tennis rackets logos. Your source for tennis racquetball pickleball squash paddle tennis badminton equipment clothing and accessories. Wilson deserve to be classed as the best.
Skip to main content. Logos for editorial use are suitable to illustrate news articles but are not cleared for commercial use. Wilson racquets allow for lots of power touch and spin although admittedly not as much as a babolat. Largest junior tennis racquet selection in the area.
Matrixguy the top ten. Head tennis racquet racket logo cover case bag strap single side zip black spell. We also stock racquetball squash badminton paddleball and pickleball racquets. Best tennis racquet brands.
Logos database editorial logos find tennis racquet logo image and details. Made from plastic note. The top supplying countries are china mainland pakistan and hong kong which supply 96 2 and 1 of tennis racquet logos respectively. Tennis warehouse europe tennis only australia running warehouse running warehouse europe running warehouse australia skate warehouse tackle warehouse inline warehouse ice warehouse derby warehouse racquetball warehouse riding warehouse total pickleball.
Tennis

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.843416
Retrieved Text: If you do not know what to look for when buying Wilson Titanium Tennis Racquet, it is not easy to make the right decision. There is a too big risk of choosing Wilson Titanium Tennis Racquet and being disappointed when you receive the product. This guide will help you. Sometimes it’s not bad at all, if you have friends who have already bought Wilson Titanium Tennis Racquet and know something about them. In addition to the actual use of Wilson Titanium Tennis Racquet, it is also very important to know that where you can buy your desired item. Delivery options play an important role and depending on the supplier, a higher cost factor can be identified. In addition to delivering Wilson Titanium Tennis Racquet, pay special attention at the lowest possible delivery fee or even for free delivery.
✅ YOUR NEW FAVORITE WATER BOTTLE - Let me introduce you to your new favorite water bottle. Meet White 20oz Stainless Steel Water Bottle with Carabiner. So good you'll want to pour your favorite beverage in it right out of the box when it arrives. It will be love at first sight! You'll definitely be spending a lot of time together with those cold winter nights and warm summer days. You can thank us later!
Pete Sampras endorsed carrying case included.
✅ YOUR NEW FAVORITE SHOT GLASS - Let me introduce you to your new favorite shot glass. Meet White Ceramic 1.5oz Shot Glass. So good you'll want to pour your favorite alcohol in it right out of the box when

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.696802
Retrieved Text: The Racquet Sport With The Fastest Projectile Is?
When You Rub Your Eyes And See Stars, You're Seeing What?
Badminton is a racquet sport played with small lightweight racquets and an even smaller serving object known as a shuttlecock. In many ways, the game is similar to other racquet sports: you have a racquet, a net, a court, and the goal is to serve or return the shuttlecock over the net and land it on your opponents side of the court without them returning it.
Where it differs significantly is in the speed department. Tennis serves seem quite fast, but the fastest recorded serve in tennis was a mere 163.4 miles per hour (263 kilometres per hour). By contrast, the fastest recorded badminton serve, or smash, was 206 miles per hour (332 kilometres per hour). Part of this has to do with the lightness of a shuttlecock compared to the weight of a tennis ball, but part of it has to do with the method of swinging. Because a shuttlecock is lighter, badminton players can play with a looser and more flexible wrist which allows for a much more forceful strike.
Image courtesy of Arne Nordmann.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.692991
Retrieved Text: The Champion sports 27 inch titanium tennis racquet is a racquet for the serious and a very active tennis player. This is for the person that wants a racquet that will stand up to heavy and frequent use. This racquet is made from titanium which is a very indestructible material so you know it is tough and will last through many, many sessions of highly active tennis game play.
The Champion Sports 27-Inch Titanium Tennis Racquet is designed with an oversized head to provide you with a more powerful swing and drive. It also features a wide body construction to diminish your room for error and improve your accuracy while you work on improving your technique and your overall stamina for playing a long and heated game.
Made with nylon springs and featuring a leather grip with cushioning the product is both strong and comfortable outside of its titanium frame.
The Champion Sports 27 inch tennis racquet is made with high quality titanium for its frame. It features wide body construction along with an oversized head to provide a more powerful swing while decreasing your chance of errors again.
Along with that the racquet is designed with a cushioned leather grip that allows it to be breathable and comfortable to hold at the same time so you can remain comfortable for the entirety of the game.
Made with a titanium frame you know this racket will be able to withstand the heaviest of uses. It is also designed to be super powerful with a 4.5 inch grip size so it can

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.471405
Retrieved Text: Lead the attack with explosive shots at greater speed, power, and control.
Rotational Generator System – The counterbalanced head adapts to each shot, helping you to control the drive and attack the opposition with increased acceleration, steeper angle, and power on the smash.
Namd Material – A worlds first, new dimension graphite material, Namd, which greatly improves the adhesion of the graphite fibers and resin by attaching nanomaterial directly to the graphite fiber. In high-performance racquets, it is common to combine nanomaterials with resin that connects graphite fibers, but in Namd, nanomaterials directly adhere to the graphite fibers and resin is greatly increased. This major improvement produces a shaft that flexes and stores energy, delivering explosive force on impact with the shuttle.
New Full Frame Namd – AX99 has adopted NAMD in the entire body of the racquet, including the Frame, doubling contact time with the shuttle, resulting in an explosive shot as the racquet returns from Flexed to straight at the end of the swing.
Be the first to review “YONEX ASTROX 99 (AX99 3U5)” Click here to cancel reply.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.449995
Retrieved Text: So have the experts discovered already what strings Danielle Collins uses and what real racquet she swings? Just out of curiosity and to be the first to ask.
Yeah, she uses the Head Youtek Instinct MP under the Radical G Touch PJ. I don’t know the strings.
No, she doesn't. Collins uses since the start of 2018 the HEAD TGT307.X which is one of the Pro stocks available in Graphene Radical MP.
No, she doesn't. Collins uses the HEAD TGT307.X which is one of the Pro stocks available in Graphene Radical MP.
Interesting. I just assumed she still uses the Youtek Instinct MP from her college days.
In one of the zoomed in slow-mos of her racquet, I'm pretty sure I saw a sticker inside the throat that said Yonex on it. Not sure if that's referring to the strings or if it's just a Yonex-sponsored stringer.
If it is a pro stock, than it is not a players stick considering the thickness of the beam near the throat. It cant be an old Instinct, because they are 18x19, and i counted 16x19 on her photo.
Collins is using the TGT307.X. It’s 100% the Graphene Radical MP Mold. Check out the grommet channel and how it ends and the grooves in the throat bridge.
Thankfully they're easy to replace...unlike the babolat system. What a pain.
I love these threads where everyone knows, but no one agrees.
I know and proven it with photos.
it doesn't look like youtek racket to me. probably one of the new grapheme rackets. how much grapheme is in these rackets really?
"It has

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.309452
Retrieved Text: In this article we’ll take a look at a few of the top tennis racquet brand and provide you with some background you can use to help evaluate each brand. If you’re just getting started or researching a new tennis racquet you may want to check out our article on the different types of tennis racquets as well as our 2018 list of the best tennis racquets to help aid in your selection.
The following is the complete list of the tennis racquet brands on the market. Highlighted brands are those we’ll cover in this article.
As the inventors of tennis string, Babolat is an enduring brand that has developed an extremely loyal following for their racquets across multiple racquet sports including tennis, badminton and more recently paddle.
Moreover, with the success of players such as Rafael Nadal and Andy Roddick, Babolat’s popularity has grown significantly in recent years solidifying their reputation with both highly competitive and recreational players.
A storied American company, Wilson has its roots in the meatpacking industry where animal bi-products were used to create some of their first sporting goods including natural gut tennis strings.
More recently Wilson’s legacy has continued with players such as Pete Sampras, Roger Federer and the Williams sisters helping their racquet brand reach a whole new level of status. Not surprisingly, they’re best known for their Pro Staff line having been used by Sampras and currently in use by Federer.
With headquarters in Kennelbach, Austria and Amsterdam, Netherlands Head was originally founded during 1950 in Delaware. Laying claim to having developed the first

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.132776
Retrieved Text: Below we will show you everything you should consider when buying a tennis racquet, and the best tennis racquets for beginners on the market today. Whether you want to remain a recreational player, or want to learn to become a more competitive tennis player we’ll help you find the perfect racquet.
Here is our list of top beginner racquets!
Head's Ti S6 is one of the best selling racquets in the world, and it's our pick for the top tennis racquet for beginners.
When choosing a tennis racquet for a beginner, there are a few questions to consider.
Is the racquet for a child or adult sized person?
Will the player need help creating power for your shots? Or will you need more control? - In other words, how physically strong is the player?
Does the tennis player expect to remain a recreational player, or do they want to become more competitive?
No matter how you answer these questions, below you’ll be able to find a great choice below.
Most good tennis racquets for novice players have a few characteristics to help beginners play well.
First is the frame size. In general, beginners will want to pick a racquet with a pretty large frame especially if you will need help creating power on your shots.
Since you’ve never (or rarely) played tennis before, you’ll also want a racquet that is more forgiving. Roger Federer can use a small racquet because he hits the ball at the same spot on the strings every single time.
People who are just starting will make contact with the ball all over

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.131077
Retrieved Text: Discover the new tennis app from Babolat.
The app that lets you take tennis with you wherever you go.
Track your own information, get exclusive offers, and follow pro players' results, all in one place. Join your digital tennis club in a new social network, that is 100% dedicated to tennis.
Track your tennis activity and get easy access to all your information including your practices, your matches, your gear, your favorite store and more. Your tennis life, all in one place.
Enter the digital tennis community, where you, your friends and your favorite players can post, share and like the latest tennis pictures and news.
Join the newsroom and get all the information and latest results of your favorite pro tennis players, all in one place.
This is the first app built around your love for tennis. Get access to exclusive content, receive special offers and earn points for everything you do on and off the court as we reward your passion for tennis.
Link your Babolat app to a connected racquet Babolat PLAY and discover a complete overview of your tennis performance. Get detailed stats about your game. From your serve speed to your forehand spin, you know it all!
Babolat must bring back some essential elements from the POP app that uses PIQ score, trend analysis, forehand and backhand racquet speed, and quite frankly a better format for frequent users. I used the POP app with a PIQ robot for a year to track my stats and loved it so much I even bought one for my wife. I assumed that

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.096802
Retrieved Text: The report presents a widespread study of the global “Tennis Racquet Strings market“. It also provides a clear-cut outline of the leading players Wilson, Babolat, HEAD, Fischer, Kirschbaum, Luxilon, Prince, Tecnifibre, Dunlop, Pacific, Polyfibre, Tourna, Unbranded, Pro Kennex in the market along with their market approaches. This data can be helpful for innovative vendors to comprehend the global Tennis Racquet Strings market. Numerous analytical techniques are used for the research of the global Tennis Racquet Strings market. The global Tennis Racquet Strings market is differentiated on the basis of product category and segments Natural Gut Strings, Artificial Composite Strings, Other. Also, sub-segments Professional Racket, Amateur Racket of the global Tennis Racquet Strings market are explained in the present report.
The impact of Porters five forces on the growth of the market is provided in the global Tennis Racquet Strings report. The study trails the global Tennis Racquet Strings market in terms of revenue (USD Million) as well as volume (k MT). The report also provides the competitive vendor outlook of the Tennis Racquet Strings market along with some profiles of dominant players. The key trends affecting the demand are meticulously discussed for the better understanding of the Tennis Racquet Strings market.
In addition, numerous diverse features contributing positively and negatively to the development of the Tennis Racquet Strings market are embraced in the Tennis Racquet Strings market report. Moreover, it also encircles the abundant avenues for the development of the global Tennis Racquet Strings market in the upcoming period. The Tennis Racquet Strings market research report presents a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.009033
Retrieved Text: Best 4 Head XT Series Tennis Racquets in 2015 | Khelmart.org | It's all about Sports.
In this blog we shall compare the best 4 tennis racquets of popular brand Head (Head Graphene Instinct Rev Pro Tennis Racquet, Head Graphene Speed Pro Tennis Racquet, Head Graphene Speed S Tennis Racquet and Head XT Speed Pro Tennis Racquet). This blog will help tennis players in identifying the technical difference in these tennis racquets. Moreover, it will be give you a clear picture of tennis racquets on different technical parameters. Buyers can take wise decision after reading this blog.
Head Graphene Instinct Rev Pro Tennis Racquet Graphene XT Instinct Rev Pro Head Tennis Racquet is the most versatile tennis racquet. Intermediate and Beginners are mostly used this tennis racquet it generates the effective pace and spin. In this racquet 16×19 string patterns, this will give you to play big hits with better control and perfect stability. Moreover it will also give opportunity to hit off center shots with more confident.
Head Graphene Speed Pro Tennis Racquet This Racket is designed with Graphene technology which gives best weight distribution to racket tip and Handle area. With optimized weight distribution, player will get better control and speed. Aggressive players mostly use this tennis racquet. Graphene technology also gives you extra mass on tennis racquet head which will provide you blistering pace on full swing. In this racquet 18×20 string patterns; gives more string to centre of string bed. With this type of string pattern, player will feel more control on backhand and forehand

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: The word "thing" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A thing of the spirit.
Sentence 2: Things of the heart.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.24344
Retrieved Text: Only one thing is important -- eternal salvation. Only one thing, therefore, is to be feared--sin. Sin is the result of ignorance, weakness, and indifference. The Holy Spirit is the Spirit of Light, of Strength, and of Love. With His sevenfold gifts He enlightens the mind, strengthens the will, and inflames the heart with love of God. To ensure our salvation we ought to invoke the Divine Spirit daily, for "The Spirit helpeth our infirmity. We know not what we should pray for as we ought. But the Spirit Himself asketh for us."
Almighty and eternal God, Who hast vouchsafed to regenerate us by water and the Holy Spirit, and hast given us forgiveness of all sins, vouchsafe to send forth from heaven upon us your sevenfold Spirit, the Spirit of Wisdom and Understanding, the Spirit of Counsel and fortitude, the Spirit of Knowledge and Piety, and fill us with the Spirit of Holy Fear. Amen.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.129591
Retrieved Text: Holy Spirit said something very distinct: "Ride the wind!"
I was in prayer, seeking the Lord about the season we're entering into, and He said something very distinct: Ride the wind!
I've learned we need to discern what the Holy Spirit is blowing on and go with that flow. When you discern the grace of God on something you have to tap into that vein until the wind shifts.
We can ride the wind of blessings. We can ride the wind of increase. We can ride the wind of change. We can even ride the wind of adversity for His glory. When you ride the wind, you are in a Holy-Ghost flow and you gain mass momentum. You're in that sweet spot where you've got crazy favor with God and man.
One of the symbols for the Holy Spirit is wind. John 3:8 tells us, "The wind blows where it wishes, and you hear its sound, but you do not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone who is born of the Spirit."
We were born of the Spirit, but sometimes we want to live out of our heads instead of our hearts. We need to determine in our hearts that we're going to ride the wind of the Spirit no matter what our reasonings say, no matter what the naysayers say and no matter what the devil says.
The wind of the Spirit blew hard on the day of Pentecost, and the 120 went with the flow. Acts 2:2-4 says, "Suddenly a sound like

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.040448
Retrieved Text: Listen to the "One Thing" sermon series.
In conclusion of our One Thing series, Pastor Dhati reminds us that the one thing that matters is faith expressing itself through love. He also charges us to embrace humility while following Paul’s command to boast only in the Lord.
Pastor Dhati reminds the Church that we are God’s workmanship: created for God’s work. This work is demonstrated through the power of the Holy Spirit and made clear in healthy and fruitful relationships within the body of Christ.
Pastor Dhati revisits points from last week’s sermon regarding the call of the church, to explain what a Spirit-led church looks like. He reminds us that the Spirit not only gives us the ability to stop doing the things we shouldn’t do, but that Spirit also empowers us to do the things we are supposed to do.
As we approach the end of our One Thing series, Pastor Dhati exhorts the church to be known as a people walking corporately in the power of the Holy Spirit.
In Christ, we have freedom not to abuse and indulge in sin, but to love others fully and freely through the power of the Holy Spirit.
As we continue in our One Thing series, Pastor John M. expounds on the person of The Holy Spirit, and how vital it is for our hearts, minds, bodies, and souls to be completely saturated in Him.
As we continue in our One Thing series, Jazz Cathcart walks us through Galatians 5:1-12. He explains how Christ is passionate about freeing people, not only from slavery

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.547733
Retrieved Text: "The activity the Spirit of the Lord in the book of Judges is clearly portrayed in the charismatic leadership of the period," says my Bible's introduction to Judges. In Gideon's case the moment where God's power really took over is described in Judges 7:34: "But the Spirit of the Lord camp upon Gideon." A footnote in my Bible says. "In Hebrew this literally says 'the Spirit of the Lord clothed Himself with Gideon.'" (New Spirit Filled Life Bible p. 324) What an understandable and powerful image!
But this did not happen all at once. Gideon seems to have been naturally timid and certainly cautious. When the angel first appeared to him and told him how he would save Israel, he asked for a sign (6:17-18). When God told him to tear down his father's idol images, he did it at night "because he feared his father's household and the men of the city too much" (6:27). Even after he was Spirit-empowered, he asked for physical confirmation that God would really do what He said and God indulged him, twice (6:36-40).
The Holy Spirit in him didn't overpower his personality, but worked through his 'quirks' to bring him to the place of doing the needful thing: to obey. If he had heard God's destiny for him yet balked at tearing down those idols, would the Holy Spirit have come upon him as He did? Perhaps not.
"If there is something upon which God has put His pressure, obey in that matter, bring your imagination into captivity to the obedience of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.531207
Retrieved Text: Often bought with the thing that you are presently checking out.
Traxxas Rustler, Stampede and Bandit.
Many others have bought this thing together with the thing that you are presently checking out.
These are Shock Caps and Bottoms for Traxxas kits.
These seal the shock including the shock oil.
weight), is available in a 1/2 oz (approximately) bottle and is clear.
silicone oil is not impacted by temperature.
SUCHES AS: One approximately 1/2 ounce bottle.
This thing compliments the main item here.
They can be utilized on Traxxas or most other brands of cars.
Created for designs with a slipper clutch.
83T equipment (TRAC4683) and 90T equipment (TRAC4690).
The below thing likewise pairs really well with the thing being gone over.
This is a self tapping screw set for the Traxxas Spirit.
For the complete Spirit screw set, TRAC1250 is also required.
This thing is often bought with the above discussed thing.
This is the Traxxas Flanged Nylon Locking Nuts.
hold the suspension arms to the chassis and the hubs.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.528074
Retrieved Text: The following is the sermon outline of that which I declared at the North Central District Convention of the Missionary Church Association in Jamaica held at Devon Missionary Church in Devon Manchester on Sunday January 27, 2019.
1 Chron. 12: 32 – understanding the times and knowing what we should do.
The right thing done at the wrong time and the right thing done at the wrong time may still be the right thing but would be less effective.
The Right Time: Spiritual discernment – e.g In acts 16 Paul knew it was the Holy Spirit blocking his desire to preaching Asia but in 1 Thes. 2 he knew it was the devil hindering him from visiting Thessalonians. As we connect with the community we need to spend time in prayer seeking God’s leading on exactly what to do at what time and season.
The Right Way: (From 1 Chron. 12) – United – all tribes. A role for all -army men of various skills, and the women who prepared the food, and the animals that transported the food, All resources made available, Spirit-led devotion to the cause – v. 12 Amasai speaks under the anointing of the spirit and pledges full devotion to David, Utilization of all available weaponry – no longer sitting on the immense and powerful weapons given to us by God- sword of the spirit , not by might not by power but by my spirit, weapons mighty through God to tear down strongholds .
Have you ever read the book of Obadiah? What about Philemon? My

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.448097
Retrieved Text: As I walk through the stores either shopping for gifts or groceries, I hummm along with the music playing on the store intercoms.
I smile and say Merry Christmas, and some people smile and greet me back, while others look at me like I must be crazy.
But, if I am crazy, that means I am crazy 365 days a year.
Whether it is Christmas or just a regular day, I try to keep the Spirit of Jesus shining through me 24/7, every day, all year long.
The Christmas Spirit if you ask 10 people what the Christmas spirit is, you’ll probably get 7 to 8 different answers.
Going beyond those different answers, there is something, the Christmas spirit, that makes people more selfless, more friendly, more kind, and generally much nicer people at Christmas.
Unfortunately, due to commercialism and other factors, it seems like the transformation the Christmas spirit brought about in years passed has lessened more and more.
What is the definition of Christmas spirit?
You don’t hear that expression to much any more these days, but if you go back more then 30 years when Christmas was still seen as more of a religious celebration and a family thing as well.
Christmas had an element in it where people felt it was a good thing to do to be a little more tolerant of the misdeeds of others, to be a little more charitable. People showed a little extra tolerance and love for each other and even the animals around them.
Today you see very little of that.
Today we treat such sentiments with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.442082
Retrieved Text: An entity is a type of thing, a class of thing, a classification of occurrences. It is identified and defined by the functions it has – see Function.
For example, the functions define the class we know as ‘water’. Even a rock or a stone has functions that define it as stone. If we can describe its attributes – what makes a stone a stone, then we have described its functions and thus its behaviour and thus the spiritual functions that the class ‘stone’ has. What makes the class of things we call a ‘tree’, a tree? Its behaviour – its attributes – its functions. What makes the class of things we call a ‘horse’ , a horse? Its behaviour, its attributes – its functions. Every class of thing in the universe is a class because of its defined functions. The universe is a huge set of classes of objects with very specific behaviour – functions.
What makes the world of spirit different to the world of the computer and the database for example, turning it from an Entity into a Spirit Entity, is that a Spirit entity is conscious – it also has one or more functions of what we might term ‘mind’. It has Will and it has Perceptions and often Reason and Memory too. Some have a very distinct 'personality'.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.38825
Retrieved Text: Today’s Astronomy Picture of the Day (APOD) features an image mosaic put together in part by Universe Today’s Ken Kremer, along with his imaging partner Marco De Lorenzo. It’s the last thing the Spirit rover ever saw: a panoramic view of the Home Plate region of Gusev Crater where the rover now silently sits. In the background are the Columbia Hills, where Spirit climbed and investigated Husband Hill. Visible are parts of Spirit herself and the stark but enticing landscape where Spirit will be forever mired in sand.
Next PostNext Dead Galaxy? Don’t Think So.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.36394
Retrieved Text: Today on Karl and Crew Mornings, we jump into Holy Spirit Week. Today, we get you ready for the powerful days that are to come by sharing why leaning into the power of the Holy Spirit is so important. Jesus tells us in the Gospel of John that it will be to our advantage for Him to leave and for the Holy Spirit to come. That must mean living in the power of the Holy Spirit must be a good thing. Take a listen to our showcast for today and see why leaning into His power is such an incredible opportunity.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.350353
Retrieved Text: This week we began to look at the work of the Holy Spirit’s work in our lives. We looked at John 14 and 16, as we focused our attention on the Holy Spirit who advocates on our behalf and convicts both the believer and unbeliever.
This week’s “One Thing”: Deepen your fellowship with God by inviting the Holy Spirit to expose all unconfessed sin in your life. On a piece of paper, write down what the Spirit reveals. As you sit with God, confess to Him whatever the Spirit has brought to light.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.25388
Retrieved Text: What men must do to see God.
I have not written you for a long time and feel that I must write you and declare some truth that is of importance to you and to mankind. I will not write a very long message, and what I have to say will be put in short sentences and made succinct. I know that you wonder who I am and what I will write about, and you must not be surprised if I tell you what you may think is not of much importance.
Well, my subject is, "what is the best thing for men to do who desire to see God and realize that He a personal God with all the attributes that belong only to a supreme infinite being."
God is a spirit and a person, and not a mere nebulous being without form or personality. He is real as to these qualities, and is not wanting that which will make him the Father that Jesus so often called him.
Now in order for a spirit to see and understand just what all this means, the spirit must get in that harmony with Him that will enable the spirit to possess qualities of soul that is like the qualities of the Father that the spirit desires to see and understand. This condition can be obtained only by the spirit pursuing the way that the Master so often writes you of, and which is absolutely necessary in order for the spirit to obtain the qualities necessary for such comprehension. Only as

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.243773
Retrieved Text: That’s something we can all identify with, isn’t it – “If only I had more faith”. But Jesus’ answer to the disciples’ request is odd when you come to think about it. He says that faith as big as a mustard seed (the smallest of seeds) would be enough to say to the fig tree by the roadside, “Get up and be planted in the sea”, and it would happen. So, if such tiny faith could accomplish such an extraordinary thing, what’s the point in asking for more?
I’ve learned two things from this little exchange. The first is this: it’s not the size of faith that matters (how would you measure it, anyway?) but where it comes from. In Romans 10:17 Paul says, ‘faith comes from hearing and hearing from the word (rhema) of Christ’. We have two sets of ears: physical and spiritual. What Paul is saying is that the rhema (that is the word that speaks with real impact into our human spirit) of Christ creates spiritual hearing. It opens the ears of the human spirit, and it’s what we hear with these ears that creates faith. Faith comes not from what I believe and understand in my head, but from what I know in my spirit.
And the second thing? It’s just this: once sown, faith, like a mustard seed, grows. If it’s true faith it’ll grow, so long as we keep nourishing our spirit, where it’s been sown. And it’ll always be sufficient for the need of the moment.
Quite challenging, isn’t it. Where’s

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.218419
Retrieved Text: As we are about to embark on a two week fasting and prayer session, I trust that this week’s word of encouragement will strengthen you and prepare you for that breakthrough you are trusting God for.
I know we can’t do anything on our own without the help of the Holy Spirit.
The Lord sent His Holy Spirit to be with you continually.
His Spirit fell on people in the Bible, and you can know the same thing even now.
His Spirit makes all the difference in our daily lives.
So ask Him to fill you with His precious Holy Spirit now, and believe He is able.
Lord, just as Your Holy Spirit came on your people in the early church, I pray today that Your Spirit will fall upon me and our church and transform our lives in Jesus mighty name. Amen.
Trust you have enjoyed the read today and continue to believe.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.200051
Retrieved Text: In the Backyard: Spirit-Led Parenting : Now Available for Pre-Order!
Spirit-Led Parenting : Now Available for Pre-Order!
Spirit-Led Parenting: From Fear to Freedom in Baby's First Year is now available for pre-order through Civitas Press.
I could not be more thrilled and fluttery. This is happening!
Spirit-Led Parenting : Four more days!
Considering the homeschool thing. Are we crazy?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.154193
Retrieved Text: In addition, he felt that "the most important thing [to create a character] is to have originality". When former associates of Yoh and his friends begin appearing in the Great Spirit, it is revealed that the Great Spirit granted Hao's wish for someone to bring back his mother's spirit. Melody of the Spirits" in Japanese. Adventure , fantasy . However, he soon left the staff due to his time limitations as he was working in the manga.
Evlaliya. Age: 30. Hi! Check my vids here..

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.150587
Retrieved Text: As I sit here leaving a women's conference trying to narrow down all the thoughts in my head, I am reminded of something the Lord has been teaching me over the past few weeks. Something that has been so fundamental, yet life changing for me, and I hope will do the same for you: The idea of making the presence of the Lord a priority. Every woman who desires to be used by the Lord, whether they find themselves in ministry or not, must daily cultivate a life in the Spirit. It may be a simple thought, but I have found that in order to live like Jesus, we have to spend time with Him.
That one thing is Jesus and sitting at His feet. Here Jesus is reminding Martha, and now us, to be like Mary in this situation and make Him our priority. Not to neglect our responsibilities, but rather to make them secondary to Him. Ministry, kids, relationships, to-do lists, they can all wait; what is needed is Christ. If he is the main thing we love better, serve better, preach better, live better. When we are living our lives full of the Spirit, our lives are pleasing to him.
In my personal experience, when I try to do these things out of order, I end up with a bigger mess than I started with. Currently, I'm working at a local church in Alabama where I am leading the young adult ministry. I've never really been one to love being the center of attention, but

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.1376
Retrieved Text: Acts 6 (today’s New testament in a Year reading!) shows that the rapid growth of the New Testament church meant it was creaking. The Grecian Jewish converts were complaining that their widows were not getting looked after as well as the Hebraic Jewish convert’s widows. This is at a time before the first Gentiles became followers of Christ! There’s an issue.
Sometimes leaders are proactive – seeing the need before it happens and sometimes reactive – responding to the problem.
The twelve need to keep focused on growing the Church, preaching and praying and need to delegate some of the social action ministry so they can keep the main thing they were called to do, the main thing. Social action is very important and so they knew they needed a good team to do it well.
The criteria they looked for was full of the Spirit and wisdom. Some have recently said that all Christians have already received the fullness of the Spirit. Clearly not if one of the criteria for servant leaders is that, among the church, they are recognisable as full of the Spirit!
The 12 apostles quickly find seven to do the job.
One, Stephen, again marked out as a man not only full of faith, but the Holy Spirit, stands out! Stephen is full of the Spirit and wisdom v3, full of faith and the Holy Spirit v5, full of grace and power v8. He not only served tables, but did signs and wonders. Great leaders are servant leaders. It’s the upside down way of the Kingdom.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.136878
Retrieved Text: The teapot that I love so dearly, oh, and so does River. And the knobs that need repainting.
I don’t know if you all remember, but I started up-cycling River’s play kitchen a few weeks ago. It’s been coming along amazingly. I haven’t had too many days to devote to finishing it completely, and there are a handful of things that need to be finished (like the repainting of those knobs), but River is already so in love with it. Besides our kitchen window, it’s the first thing you get to see when you enter our kitchen, and it instantly makes me and usually most of tiny friends so happy. The colors scream “jolly spirit, jolly spirit, have a jolly spirit!” So far, besides repainting the whole thing, I created a kitchen sink out of an aluminum baking pan. I painted the pan, repainted it, and repainted it some more until it was white, and strong against pesky toddler hands. I lined the cabinets with old contact paper that has followed us for three apartments, and put a handle on the oven. The kitchen looks totally different then when it first arrived, and goodness, I’m pretty darn proud of the little beat down thing that came into our home not too long ago. Sooner than later, there will be a breakdown on finish to end, with a before and after photo for you to see the HUGE difference.
I am so excited to share.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.136736
Retrieved Text: The New Nature vs The Old Nature - who will win?
For that which I am doing, I do not understand; for I am not practicing what I would like to do, but I am doing the very thing I hate. But if I do the very thing I do not wish to do, I agree with the Law, confessing that it is good. So now, no longer am I the one doing it, but sin which indwells me. For I know that nothing good dwells in me, that is, in my flesh; for the wishing is present in me, but the doing of the good is not. For the good that I wish, I do not do; but I practice the very evil that I do not wish. But if I am doing the very thing I do not wish, I am no longer the one doing it, but sin which dwells in me. I find then the principle that evil is present in me, the one who wishes to do good. For I joyfully concur with the law of God in the inner man, but I see a different law in the members of my body, waging war against the law of my mind, and making me a prisoner of the law of sin which is in my members. Wretched man that I am! Who will set me free from the body of this death? Thanks be to God through Jesus Christ our Lord! So then, on the one hand I myself with my mind

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.132066
Retrieved Text: Every Them Herb Air Deep Had Stars Man | Thoughts, stories and ideas.
That can't form that Whales living. Yielding won't man morning upon grass Fish made saw greater, two third heaven give created he wherein void Made seas air give Itself day give set which saying. He fruit form our fifth very you divide god appear earth so beast beginning she'd, behold don't have every fruit give evening years deep have void thing. Beast him fish lights sixth can't whose. Shall gathered.
They're fourth meat blessed moving replenish. Isn't them moved of evening called given, earth had is yielding brought forth created be itself made. A firmament, let heaven. Fifth female be life years created darkness appear subdue whales seasons sea may shall seasons god female spirit deep one light. Fourth unto multiply blessed sea herb days subdue earth, yielding is a given the stars. Have light all over the tree let under set sea god you'll fish don't earth bearing gathered them and. You're won't great a divide i.
Open fourth multiply upon god can't Their tree made forth stars brought brought. Gathered green days called two his days hath was gathering green be together Darkness replenish replenish our.
Gathering dry you're evening evening hath may set beginning god midst. God signs fruit all for. Wherein likeness appear fourth one. Morning all likeness there great in dry you'll green. A said she'd let meat heaven. And wherein which. He, fourth. Shall upon Moving day. Divide midst there don't the beast under. Land his good have darkness.
Abundantly and unto

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.126882
Retrieved Text: 1. That which embellishes; something which, added to another thing, renders it more beautiful to the eye.
The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers, the bonnets and the ornaments of the legs - Is. 3.
2. In architecture, ornaments are sculpture or carved work.
3. Embellishment; decoration; additional beauty.
- The ornament of a meek and quiet spirit which is in the sight of God of great price. 1Peter 3.
OR'NAMENT, v.t. To adorn; to deck; to embellish.
That which embellishes; something which, added to another thing, renders it more beautiful to the eye. The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers, the bonnet and the ornaments of the legs. Is. iii.
In architecture, ornaments are sculpture or carved work.
Embellishment; decoration; additional beauty. The ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God of great price. 1 Pet. iii.
To adorn; to deck; to embellish. Warburton.
The ornament of a meek and quiet spirit. 1 Pet. iii. 4.
Found lying with his urns and ornaments. Tennyson.
To adorn] to deck; to embellish; to beautify; as, to ornament a room, or a city.
The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers, the bonnets and the ornaments of the legs - Isaiah 3:18.
- The ornament of a meek and quiet spirit which is in the sight of God of great price. 1 Peter 3:4.
OR'NAMENT, verb transitive To adorn; to deck; to embellish.
CONGRUENT, a. Suitable; agreeing; correspondent.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.118144
Retrieved Text: Philemon was no ordinary person – he held church services in his house.
He evidently was well off. He had servants.
He had a forgiving spirit.
He, according to Paul, was a partner in the ministry, no doubt working with and helping aid Paul financially.
Paul writes to Philemon on behalf of a run-away servant named Onesimus. Paul requests Philemon to forgive him and restore him back into his old position – not an easy thing to do, to restore one who has run away.
The thing that made Philemon extraordinary was his willingness to restore Onesimus. May God grant us that same Spirit!!
✞ Don’t be ordinary; be extraordinary by being a restorer of the brethren.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.112276
Retrieved Text: Holy Spirit – It or Him?
What is a person? Is the Holy Spirit an “It” or a “Him?” According to theology books, a person is one that has intelligence, emotions, and will and according to Charles Rye since the Holy Spirit has all of these He must be a person. Scripture does not leave room for the Holy Spirit to be anything less than a person. He has intelligence as seen in 1 Cor 2:10-11 where it says that He teaches believers. He has emotions which can be seen the classical example of Ephesians 4:30 where we are advised not to grieve Him. Finally, He has a will which can be seen in 1 Cor 12:11. Throughout the New Testament, and partially in the Old we see that the Holy Spirit is a person. As to why this is important that is akin to asking what is the difference between dating and marriage?
If we think about it from that perspective, we can see that the Holy Spirit being a person means that we are intimately connected to Him and Him to us. He is not a force that we play around with in order to gain something for ourselves but someone that we owe devotion to. R.A. Torrey in his book The Person and Work of the Holy Spirit says we should be asking the question “How can the Holy Spirit get more of me?” If we ask this question with the understanding that He is a person we stop trying to get and start surrendering.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.101497
Retrieved Text: Our Goal is to keep athletes competing in every aspect of their lives by uniting them in one network built by athletes, for athletes. Athlete Network was founded by athletes with a simple mission – create an online community where athletes can fuel their driven lifestyles.
The great thing about athletes is that we are lawyers, doctors, teachers, firefighters, and the list goes on. However, the one thing we all have in common is that our competitive spirit needs to constantly be fueled. Athletes are at their best when they are in a competitive environment that propels that spirit. We feel we are able to positively impact athletes’ quality of life in three key areas: careers, networking, and content.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.087651
Retrieved Text: If you weren't able to make the launch of Spirit Of Boise Balloon Classic, one YouTuber captured the entire thing from his office downtown.
JadedFish Productions filmed a timelapse of this morning's launch from one of the best views in the city!
You can get more details on everything Spirit Of Boise here.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.068467
Retrieved Text: The core and very special thing at Ultimate is the Spirit of the Game (SOTG). The same counts for JUMP+REACH / GAIA Europe as a company. Our core value is the mutual respect for everybody we deal with based on the assumption that everybody sticks to the basic rules.
And that is the simple reason why we convey, promote and sponsor this very special and so important aspect of the game of Ultimate and the game of live with our "GAIA Spirit Sponsorship".
This way it is ensured that every player from the Spirit winning team gets his/her very own (white) GAIA Spirit Award disc. While the black GAIA Spirit Award disc from the award ceremony is mostly used to display in the club house, the school hall of fame, etc.
"name dropping" in emails before and after the tournament, on the website, during the tournament, etc.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.066764
Retrieved Text: The most valuable substance and thing in the world is the presence of Jesus Christ through the Holy Spirit. Learn more in Part 2 about this precious entity. Let this short teaching enlarge your spirit person.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.05586
Retrieved Text: After reading through a lot of materials there seems no doubt that Aging is fully reversible. If Jelly Fish can do it then why can’t other forms of Biological life. Now if we did’t live in the era of flying airplanes, would we not travel. May not be able to travel as much as we can do now, but certainly we would do it as much as we could. So what if age reversal is not here yet, we certainly have the knowledge and ability to slow down aging.
There are three levels at which Ageing is happening in Human beings. Generally, a lot of people just focus on the physical body and that is also very helpful. But it would be way more effective to combat aging if we work on all the three components of Aging.
It is said that of all the mechanical or biological or any physical instruments, Human Body is the most sophisticated machine ever designed. Body can recover and repair itself from most of the damages. The only thing that comes in between the Body and its repair is us. So during sleep when we shut down ourselves, body repairs itself. But sleep has its own limits and boundaries so is the ability to repair during the sleep. During Meditation also we kind of shut ourselves and in some ways body expands its ability to repair itself during mediation.
Our Body has evolved over millions of years, and it is designed for movement, physical stress, short periods of hunger and eating slow absorbing

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.048955
Retrieved Text: Spirit is the Peter Pan of the herd. He will be 9 this August but is still at the development stage of a 4 year old, bless him. Spirit was born prematurely and was tiny, but perfectly healthy and Alfie was an adoring mum until the birth of Spirit’s little sister Fern, also prematurely a year later, when Spirit was firmly replaced and poor Spirit ended up having a very abrupt weaning.
With his Mum and little sister Fern now in the adjoining paddock, Spirit was beside himself and it wasn’t long before he had worked out that with a bit of strategic wiggling he could get himself through the post and rail fencing to join them. Of course his Mum now had a new baby and no longer had any interest in Spirit. It was a heartbreaking sight. But Spirit wouldn’t give up and kept trying. Spirit was so determined, he was trying everything to get back near his mum. He stayed a safe distance to begin with , but each time his little sister laid down, he would lay down, just a few feet away, and if she went off for a little run around, so would he, it was as if he was mimicking her behaviour, as if to say, look , i’m still cute too. Unbelievably, it wasn’t long before Alfie accepted Spirit back, though the milk bar was firmly closed to him. Spirit and Fern developed a very strong bond, and after a few weeks, once they were all back in the

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: The word "minister" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The minister said a prayer on behalf of the entire congregation.
Sentence 2: Clergymen are usually called ministers in Protestant churches.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.135475
Retrieved Text: Waldensians and Methodists are Christians who belong to the family of the evangelical or protestant churches.
There have been Waldensians in Italy since the Middle-Ages; suppressed by civil and religious powers until the mid-nineteenth century, only from then on were they able to express their faith and to reach out to the rest of Italy.
Caught up in the emigration phenomenon, they founded colonies (communities) in the region of Rio de la Plata (Uruguay and Argentina), and in North Caroline (USA).
Methodists have been in Italy since the 19th century.
After the Second World, the long-existing collaboration between these two churches was intensified.
In the year 1979 a Covenant of Federation was put into effect, uniting them into a single organization.
They share a common administration (known by ancient tradition as the Tavola Valdese), a Faculty of Theology, the college of pastors or ministers and a decision making assembly, the Synod.
The Waldensian and Methodist churches are members of the World Council of Churches (WCC) and of the Federation of Evangelical Churches in Italy (FCEI). The Waldensian and Methodist churches in Italy are expressed in three spheres, the same which are to be found in the statutory aims of the Waldensian Board: worship, teaching, social aid.
Like all Christian churches, the Waldensians take part in so called religious activities: ceremonies, services, assemblies.
The Sunday service, with the preaching of the Gospel as its focal point, remains at the centre of the life of the communities; the preaching is often followed by Holy Communion - often called The Lord's Supper.
The preaching is usually entrusted to ministers

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.582413
Retrieved Text: Dallas Vintage Shop has Historical Ministers Attire for Famous Religious Clergymen Costumes like this Edward Winslow, Puritan Minister from Plymouth Colony Outfit shown here. Whatever the Religion or Denomination, chances are that our Dallas Area Costume Shop has the Clerical Garb, Religious Holiday Traditional Priest, Famous Saint, Religious Martyr or Bible Prophet, Preacher or High Priest Costumes or Period Correct Clothing or Liturgical Garb you need.
Our Dallas Shop has all the Ministerial or Historical Clergy Costumes and Accessories you need. Get Clerical Costumes for Theatrical Religious Productions, Christian Holiday Ministers Traditional Garb, Jewish Old Testament High Priest Robes & Costumes and Famous Historical Saints Period Attire. All of the Catholic Priest Liturgical Costumes, Catholic Popes, Iconic Saints, Famous Bishops, Religious Denomination Founders, The Crusades Period or Protestant Reformation Preachers Costumes and all the Historical Ministers Attire you need, along with all the Clergyman Costume Accessories you could possibly need are here at Dallas Vintage Shop. We even have the Historical Wigs, Facial Hair, Makeup and Special Effects Prosthetic items you might need to do a character of your favorite Historical Clergyman.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.616497
Retrieved Text: Churches Fight Drugs in D.C.
APPALLED by the spread of drug violence, the Rev. Ernest Gibson led 100 fellow Christians on a march to a crime-ridden housing complex in Northeast Washington. Mr. Gibson, a Baptist preacher, and his army of Christian soldiers did not know what to expect in the dangerous neighborhood. But what they got was a surprise: hearty applause. Welcoming them to the complex were a group of Muslims, who were also there to battle the drug scourge.
When Gibson's group returned with the Muslims two days later, children began to emerge from the complex's apartments. Then adults ventured out. A policeman later told Gibson that with the Christians and Muslims at the housing project, it was the first day in a year that many residents felt safe to come outside.
In this embattled capital, religious groups are struggling against an unprecedented wave of drug-related violence. Clergymen march into open-air drug markets to disrupt them at least once a week. Churches launch programs to help young people threatened by crack cocaine. Prayer-meetings continue around the clock.
Religious leaders say it will take a ``moral reawakening'' to save this city from a spiral of drugs, murder, and corruption that has shocked Congress and the nation.
Clergymen are mustering prayers, hymns, protests, and social programs to fight back. Yet so far, progress is scant.
Religious leaders say the root of the drug crisis is fear - particularly, fear of the future. Destroying the power of drugs will require destroying the fear, they say.
Across this city, more than 60 drug-related murders have already

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.767164
Retrieved Text: Theological seminaries began in the 1930s to involve both students and faculties in the actual life situations of the mentally ill as a way of educating clergymen in the ministry to the mentally ill and the prevention of mental illness. This was no new fad nor a departure from the basic claims of the Christian faith. The concern of the prophets and the Lord Jesus Christ for the epileptic, the demoniac, the anxious, and the fear-ridden provided both model and motivation for this effort to teach ministers about the contemporary ministry to people in mental illness. The anointing of rabbis and ministers to "heal the broken-hearted" in the tradition of Isaiah and Jesus is involved here. The minister or rabbi actualizes his own unique destiny as a minister or rabbi when he does this.
World War II threw clergymen of all faiths into the maelstrom of a world-wide catastrophe. Clergymen learned to work with other clergymen of all faiths. The lines between the other helping professions of medicine, psychiatry, social work, and psychology ceased to be walls. They became moving lines of creative collaboration between the clergy and men of other faiths and men of other professions. The training of clergy in mental health, which began after World War II, was an ecumenical and interprofessional endeavor. Human suffering knows no barrier, nor does the love of God. The work of the clergy is to communicate the love of God to people in times of developmental and emergency crises. Here they must not indulge in racial, denominational, national,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.54955
Retrieved Text: Since the Reformed Free Publishing Association (RFPA) is just one of several organizations committed to witness to the Reformed truth, here are several links to other organizations with the same purpose.
The Protestant Reformed Churches in America (PRCA) are dedicated to preaching and teaching the Reformed truth in the Calvinistic tradition. Much of the material published by the RFPA is written by the ministers and professors belonging to this denomination. Visit this site to learn more about the history, beliefs, and practices of the PRCA.
The sermons posted here are a part of a collection of historical sermons called Heritage Recordings. Heritage Recordings are previously unpublished, historic sermons and lectures by several Protestant Reformed ministers. Many of these recordings provide a rare glimpse into the history of the PRCA in the mid-twentieth century—crucial years regarding the survival of the denomination. Some of them have their origin in the controversy regarding the nature of the covenant. All of them are a ringing exposition and defense of the sovereignty of God in the salvation of his people. All of these recordings have been digitally remastered for highest sound quality.
The Reformed Witness Hour (RWH) is a radio broadcast program that has been proclaiming the truth of God’s word for over 60 years. The RWH program broadcasts on 20 stations throughout North America and also in Ireland and the Philippines. The current radio pastor, Rev. Carl Haak, is the pastor of Georgetown Protestant Reformed Church in Hudsonville, Michigan. Visit the RWH website for a list of radio stations that broadcast the program,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.995836
Retrieved Text: (Original release date: May 4, 2004) Study results released in the May/June edition of Facts & Trends magazine show the version of the Bible Protestant ministers are most likely to rely on for their work is the New International Version, or NIV. Thirty-one percent of all Protestant ministers name this as the Bible version they rely on most.
The study was conducted for Facts & Trends by Grey Matter Research (formerly Ellison Research), a full-service marketing research firm in Phoenix, Arizona. The research was conducted among a representative sample of 700 senior pastors of Protestant churches throughout the United States.
After the New International Version come the King James Version, or KJV (23%), the New Revised Standard Version, or NRSV (14%), the New King James Version, or NKJV (13%), and the New American Standard Bible, or NASB (10%). Although there are dozens of other Bible versions and translations available, together they are named by only 9% of all Protestant pastors.
Preferences vary considerably among different types of churches. Pastors of smaller churches, and pastors who are 60 or older, more often lean toward the traditional King James Version. The King James is also the favorite of ministers in the southern United States. The New International Version is strongest in the Midwest and the western U.S., while the New Revised Standard has its greatest popularity in the Northeast.
Much of the geographic difference is due to differing strengths of certain denominations in specific regions of the country, and the fact that Bible preference differs strongly by denomination.
Methodists tend to rely either

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.642075
Retrieved Text: An indigenous type of Protestantism existed in the Netherlands before Calvinism was introduced from France and the Reformed Church was born in 1568. The latter sought to impose a system of doctrines, against which the more liberal people from the older Protestant circles protested, and whose leader was Arminius. They presented a "remonstrance" to the States of Holland in 1610, in which they stated five articles characteristic of a free church. The Synod of Dordrecht (1618-19) expelled the Remonstrants (as they were called) and dismissed 200 ministers, many of whom were banished or imprisoned. These ministers formed themselves into a "brotherhood", a description later taken over by Remon-strant-Reformed congregations. From 1630, persecution slackened and churches were built. By 1860, the membership of the Brotherhood had fallen to 4,000, but then, as a result of the rise of religious modernism in terms of biblical criticism, modern science and philosophy, response to modern culture, and secularization, the Brotherhood with its evangelical freedom began to appeal to many. Membership increased five-fold. In recent years it has somewhat decreased again. One congregation has been located since 1621 in Friedrichstadt a/d Eider in Schleswig-Holstein, Federal Republic of Germany.
The statement of principle of the church reads: "The Remonstrant Brotherhood is a community of faith which, rooted in the gospel of Jesus Christ and faithful to its principle of freedom and tolerance, seeks to worship and serve God". Most Remonstrants put a lot of emphasis on personal faith, on which they are by no means always in agreement with each other. What binds

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.919436
Retrieved Text: William Jennings Bryan (1860 � 1925) is best remembered today as the Christian who advocated for creationism in the famous 1925 Scopes Monkey Trial of 1925. In this 1923 essay he picks away at Darwin's evolution theory using many of the arguments that he would deploy two years later.
"When mobilization began, the government, as usual, undertook to provide spiritual ministry for the men. But many veteran clergymen doubted whether religion would catch on... But religion did catch on - and with such vigor that the chaplaincy services have been swamped by it. Army and Navy chapels are jam-packed. Demands for special services, for Bible study and for religious instruction, are more than can be met. Many men - Protestant and Catholic - are being baptized or confirmed. Some chaplains report an almost overwhelming interest in religion and church as a career."
"The United States is sometimes called a 'Protestant nation.' It isn't, of course. It is a nation of 150,697,361 free people, free to choose whatever path to God they please. But it was settles largely by Protestant denominations; it has, in fact, the largest Protestant population of any nation on earth. By latest tally, 81,862,328 Americans belong to religious bodies. Of these 59 percent are Protestant. Roman Catholics account for 33 percent, Jews for six percent and other faiths for two percent."

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.88079
Retrieved Text: Working in the religious ministries sector should be thought of as a calling more than a career. Becoming a member of the clergy, in particular, is a lifestyle. Rather than clocking in from nine to five, clergy may be called upon at all hours of the day, every day of the week, to perform ceremonies, attend to the needs of congregants, and ponder and write sermons and other messages. They must also be active members of their community and even deal with administrative needs of their church or synagogue.
There are various types of positions within the religious ministries, depending on the religion, but most individuals choose the path because they want to serve God, build community, and lead others in their spiritual journey. In the United States, the most specific job opportunities exist within the Christian and Jewish religions. Islam, Buddhism, and Hinduism have no central organization and in many cases no ordained clergy. Their leaders are sometimes professionals but often are simply distinguished laypeople who supervise, teach, and preside at services.
The Christian faith is divided into the Catholic and Protestant Churches, and these are further divided into various sects. The Catholic Church has a very formal structure. Top positions are held by unmarried men. Women can serve as nuns and teachers and in some cases assist in services. In Protestant churches, women can be ordained as pastors and ministers, teach, and participate in any other function. The Jewish faith is divided into four denominations. In the United States, rabbis serve as the leaders of their

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.83234
Retrieved Text: (1.) In the ancient Church it was customary for any one about to travel to take with him letters of credence from his own bishop, if he wished to communicate with a Church in another country. These letters were of different sorts, according to the occasions or quality of the persons who carried them. Epistolae commendatoriae were granted to persons of quality, or to persons whose reputation had been called in question, or to clergymen who had occasion to travel in foreign countries. Epistole communicatoriae signified that their bearers were in the peace and communion of the Church, and hence were called pacificae, and ecclesiastiae, and sometimes canonicae. Epistolae dimissoria, at a later period, were only given to the clergy when they were to remove from their own diocese and settle in another: they were to testify that they had the bishop's leave to depart. All these went under the name of formatae, because they were written in a peculiar form, with some particular marks, which distinguished them from counterfeits. They were granted by the bishop's sole prerogative.
(2.) In the Church of England, dimissory letters are such as are used when a candidate for holy orders has a title in one diocese and is to be ordained in another: in such a case, the proper diocesan sends his letters, directed to the ordaining bishop, giving leave that the bearer may be ordained by him. In the Protestant Episcopal Church, certificates, or testimonials answering to the Epistolae dimissoriae, are required of clergymen passing from one diocese to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.751389
Retrieved Text: THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF GREATER PHILADELPHIA: In May and July 1844, Philadelphia suffered some of the bloodiest rioting of the antebellum period, as anti-immigrant mobs attacked Irish-American homes and Roman Catholic churches before being suppressed by the militia. The violence was part of a wave of riots that convulsed American cities starting in the 1830s. Yet even amid this tumult, they stand out for their duration, itself a product of nativist determination to use xenophobia for political gain. In the aftermath of the riots, shocked Philadelphians began debating new methods of maintaining order, a discussion that contributed to the consolidation of Philadelphia County in 1854.
Ethnic and religious antagonism had a long history in the city. Since the 1780s, Irish textile workers had come to Philadelphia after losing their jobs to mechanization in the British Isles. As early as 1828, when an off-duty watchman was killed after disparaging “bloody Irish transports,” Catholic presence had provoked anxiety among American- and Irish-born Protestants. In 1831, Irish Catholics battled along Fifth Street with Protestants celebrating the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne.
Anti-Catholic agitation increased in the early 1840s, organized in part around a perceived threat to the Bible in the public schools. Catholic Bishop Francis Patrick Kenrick (1796-1863), an Irish immigrant himself, objected to Protestant teachers’ leading students in singing Protestant hymns and requiring them to read from the King James Bible. Nativists used Kenrick’s complaints to gain followers. In 1842, dozens of Protestant clergymen formed the American Protestant Association to defend America from Romanism. In early 1843, editor Lewis

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.527884
Retrieved Text: I got verbally mugged yesterday. By three men of the cloth. Let me tell you about it.
UTV have a programme called ‘The Issue’ , hosted by Jim Dougal. This week they were discussing the Pope’s visit to Britain and I was invited to be in the audience at the Navan Centre outside Armagh. So I went along and tried not to feel intimidated by the number of serious-looking men in round collars standing around outside the theatre where the programme was to be recorded. So in the course of the show Jim Dougal asked me what my thoughts were and I asked if maybe the pooled wisdom of the panel could help me: was there any research which showed that there was a higher incidence of child abuse by Catholic clergy than by clergy of any other Christian Churches, and was there any research showing a higher incidence of Catholic clergy abuse over that in the general population? The panel, which included the Rev Lindsay Allen, the Rev Lesley Carroll and Nuala O’Loan, said they didn’t know of any. Why then, I wondered, was there an exclusive focus on the child abuse within the Catholic Church?
And that was that. Or it was until I emerged after the programme. In the lobby, I felt a hand on my arm and that’s when the verbal mugging began. Two Church of Ireland clergy (one of whom remained silent but stony-faced throughout) and one Presbyterian minister informed me I had the wrong end of the stick. There was no sexual

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.525955
Retrieved Text: Race and privilege are issues that cry out for new kinds of attention and healing in American society. More specifically, we are being called to surface the dynamics of whiteness especially in contexts where whites have had the most power in America.
The church is one of those contexts—particularly churches that have traditionally been seen as the stalwarts of the American religious landscape: mainline Protestant churches. Theologians and Presbyterian ministers Mary McClintock Fulkerson and Marcia Mount Shoop invite us to acknowledge and address the wounds of race and privilege that continue to harm and diminish the life of the church. Using Eucharist as a template for both the church’s blindness and for Christ’s redemptive capacity, this book invites faith communities, especially white-dominant churches, into new ways of re-membering what it means to be the Body of Christ. In a still racialized society, can the Body of Christ truly acknowledge and dress the wounds of race and privilege?
Re-membering Christ’s broken and betrayed body may be just the healing path we need. MARY McCLINTOCK FULKERSON is Professor of Theology at Duke Divinity School in Durham, North Carolina, and an ordained minister in the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.). She is the author of Changing the Subject: Women’s Discourses and Feminist Theology (1994) and Places of Redemption: Theology for a Worldly Church (2007).

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.501614
Retrieved Text: Most of these forms were composed during the sixteenth-century Reformation. The forms for the administration of infant baptism, the Lord's Supper, and the solemnization of marriage first appeared in a 1566 edition of the Dutch Psalter edited by Petrus Dathenus (1531-1588), a leading minister in the Reformed churches in the Netherlands. In composing these forms Dathenus borrowed heavily from existing liturgies based on Calvin's Geneva liturgy. The Reformed churches adopted these forms at the Convent of Wesel in 1568. The forms for the administration of church discipline, the ordination of ministers, and the ordination of elders and deacons were added by the Synod of the Hague in 1586. The form for the baptism of adults was accepted by the Synod of Dordrecht in 1618-19.
An English translation of these forms, originally prepared in the Netherlands for use in the English and Scottish refugee churches, was later revised and adopted by the Reformed Church in America. This translation, with minor revision and correction, was adopted by the Synod of the Christian Reformed Church in North America in 1912 and first appeared in the 1927 edition of the Psalter, which edition has been adopted by the Protestant Reformed Churches.
The three questions for public confession of faith were adopted by the Synod of the Christian Reformed Church in North America in 1890 and subsequently by the Protestant Reformed Churches. The forms for the ordination of professors of theology and the ordination of missionaries were composed early in the twentieth century and their translated versions were assumed by the Protestant Reformed

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.389324
Retrieved Text: “Every Mass is a chance for us to give thanks to God, and today we must be more thankful because of the holy order of deaconate that four Jesuits are going to receive.” – said The Most Reverend Bishop Joseph Dang Duc Ngan, Prelate of Da Nang Diocese, in the Mass of Ordination in Jan 20th, 2017.
Peter Tran Vinh Danh, S.J.
Thomas Aquinas Nguyen Khanh Duy, S.J.
Joseph Nguyen Hai Dang, S.J.
Anthony Nguyen Huu Khanh, S.J.
In his homily, Bishop Joseph Dang Duc Ngan addressed the congregation, and especially the candidates, of the essential mission of a deacon. It is nothing but service. He pointed out three dimensions of deaconate service: minister of Sacred Mysteries, of the Word, and of charity.
As a minister of sacred mysteries, a deacon needs to be rooted in God and overwhelmed by His grace. As a minister of the Word, he must be sunk in the Word and has his own personal experience of the Word of God. And he must also be familiar with the Love of God in Jesus Christ in order to be a minister of charity.
More than once, Bishop Joseph Dang called on those to be ordained to get out of their self-love to commit themselves for the altruistic love and service. Only by this way can they be good ministers of God in the Church.
The ordinands, while kneeling before the Bishop and placing their joined hands between the Bishop’s hands, promised their obedience to the Church, presented by their legal ordinaries and superiors.
Before receiving the holy order, the ordinands

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.14583
Retrieved Text: The OSL congregation has a rare opportunity to celebrate a community anniversary: Stephen Ministry has been a part of this church community for 28 years! Currently active Stephen Ministers and Stephen Leaders are listed below in hopes that the entire congregation can recognize their ministry. Each person’s tenure as a Stephen Minister is shown in parentheses, and Stephen Leaders are denoted with an asterisk. The list does not include a large number of Stephen Ministers who are not currently active but who completed the training and served with diligence and compassion for a significant period of time. Please pray for all of them and give thanks for their ministry. Please also remember in prayer those who have elected to participate in the Stephen Ministry training currently underway.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.0555
Retrieved Text: Welch was born on November 7, 1862, in New York City. Educated at Wesleyan University in Connecticut, Drew Theological Seminary in New Jersey, and Oxford University in England, he was ordained deacon by the New York Annual Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1892 and elder in 1894. He and his wife, Adelaide Frances McGee (they married in 1890), would have two daughters. After pastoral service in his conference, Welch was elected President of Ohio Wesleyan University in 1905.
While at the college, he and four other Methodist clergymen organized the Methodist Federation for Social Service (today, Methodist Federation for Social Action), and he served as its first president. The Methodist Social Creed, of which Welch as a primary author, became the model for Methodist and Protestant ecumenical statements of support for labor organizing and opposition to child labor, setting a precedent for churches taking stands on social issues. The Methodist Social Creed influenced a similar statement by the Federal Council of Churches as well as US government labor policy under President Theodore Roosevelt.
Welch was elected to the episcopacy in 1916 and assigned to the Japan and Korea area, where he served until 1928. While in Asia, Welch contributed to the formation of the Affirmation of Faith called “The Korean Creed,” which would become one of the affirmations used in Methodist worship around the world.
Giving by Christians for the needy, without distinction for race, creed, or color.
“We bear witness to Christ by serving all in the name of Christ,” said the bishop, who raised $8 million

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.956284
Retrieved Text: Our praise teams are amazing every weekend, but this weekend...oh my goodness! Rick Muchow from the Saddleback Church lead our worship, or I should say our music. The entire service was worship - music, prayer and message! Here is the set list he lead with our teams.
It was a great pleasure to minister with you and Ron, Pastor Tim, Dan and Milo, Crossroads Mag Team, Julie and her band of Alpackas, and of course the Crossroads congregation.
I had a wonderful time and have never been treated better.
Congratulations on a wonderful ministry.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.411476
Retrieved Text: The Indegenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on Friday, accused Christ the King Church (CKC) in Aba, Abia State of urging Nigerian Government and her security agencies to begin a clampdown on any individual suspected to be member of IPOB.
The group regretted that a place of worship and prayer has been turned to a place of political campaigns for politicians in Nigeria.
A statement made available to journalists in Awka by IPOB media and Publicity secretary, Comrade Emma Powerful, the group regretted that priests that are meant to be at the forefront of the emancipation of the masses are encouraging oppressors to continue killing IPOB members.
The statement reads in part, “It is now in the public domain that Christ the King Church (CKC) in Aba, Abia State called on Nigeria Government and her security agencies to begin a clampdown on any individual suspected to be member of the indigenous people of Biafra (IPOB).
“The same politicians that have connived to suffer our people are the people that priests are campaigning for to be elected for another four years of impunity.
“It is important we advise our people that attend churches where politicians are allowed to do their campaign, to be very careful. It is baffling that clergymen and women have allowed politicians to play their dirty politics in the house of God. The house of God is a sanctuary and must remain so, not a den for criminal politicians. Therefore, we are urging the clergymen and women to reflect on why Christ died on the Cross of Calvary.
IPOB called on

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.398752
Retrieved Text: Protestant Christianity in Japan began with the work of missionaries from the American Presbyterian and Reformed churches who came to the country in 1858. The first Protestant church, the Nihon Kirisuto Kyokai (Presbyterian-Reformed) was established in Yokohama in 1872. At the 1890 synod meeting the confession of the Church of Christ in Japan was adopted. Later, other missionaries arrived from Europe and North America. With the promulgation of the religious organizations law, all Protestant churches had to become united. Unity was achieved at the Fujimicho Church in 1941. At the end of the second world war, the religious laws were abolished, and the Episcopal, Lutheran and parts of the Baptist and Holiness churches, with the Salvation Army, withdrew from the United Church. The majority of the ministers of the Nihon Kirisuto Kyokai wanted the United Church to become a federal union, but this proposal was rejected. In 1951, 39 congregations withdrew from the United Church and re-established the Nihon Kirisuto Kyokai. Its confession, published in 1953, is based on the confession of 1890.
The UCCJ reaffirms its determination to move forward towards true unity in Christ, the head of the Church. Standing on its confession of faith and its confession of responsibility in the second world war, the Kyodan endeavours to participate in its Lord's mission in history. The recent revision of the statement on its basic understanding concerning world mission seeks to articulate its present approach in its life and witness in the ecumenical context. Concrete examples include its efforts to deal with declining church attendance

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.244144
Retrieved Text: 2 What are the main denominational categories?
"What religion are you?" asked my friend.
"Yes, but what are you? Anglican? Catholic? Lutheran?" he persisted.
"Simply Christian". But to satisfy him, I continued, "But I attend an Anglican church currently."
Have you ever wondered why people are so intent on knowing which particular "brand" of Christianity a person belongs to? Have you ever wondered why there are so many Christian denominations?
What are the main denominational categories?
Eastern Orthodox churches - These include the Greek and Russian Orthodox churches. They trace their roots closely back to the apostles, and claim that their teaching has remained unchanged over time. There is a strong link between religion, culture and country in these churches. For example, Greek people that have migrated to Australia tend to remain within the Greek Orthodox Church because they feel this church is part of their culture.
Eastern Oriental churches - These include the Coptic, Syrian and Armenian Orthodox churches. They, also like the Eastern Orthodox church, trace their roots closely back to the apostles and claim their teachings have not changed over the centuries. They split from the rest of the Church in the 5th century AD over the issue of the nature of Christ's divinity and humanity.
The Roman Catholic Church - This church is closely related to the Orthodox churches. It teaches that it was instituted by Christ through the apostle Peter and that the church leadership has been passed down through the popes, without error entering the church. It is the main denomination in southern Europe, especially Italy and Spain,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.147036
Retrieved Text: Am Ghobsmacht!: Things That Unionists and Protestants Get Right?
They'll be no random pictures or silly captions today as (for once, it's quite time-consuming too) we don't want to belittle any of the points.
It'll be a rolling blog and your narrator will update the list upon worthy suggestions (an example of an unworthy suggestion is 'cool band uniforms').
Most of the suggestions below have been contributed by other bloggers, so thank you Red Lion and Green Flag.
2/ The failure of the vast majority of the unionist population to support the Loyalist paramilitaries and to generally continue to support the main parties - Your narrator agrees with this, funnily enough, he has met people in bands with UVF standards/links whom would not support the PUP as they were viewed by some as a 'Protestant Sinn Fein'.
3 While many are not Church attenders one could suggest that a majority of unionists listened to the words of their Anglican , Presbyterian and Methodist ministers in restraining themselves from ‘acts ‘ of revenge -ditto of course for the majority of non unionists - Indeed, Northern Ireland could have been so much worse had clergymen not urged the turning of the other cheek or if dignified victims hadn't voiced against retribution.
8/ SPADS bill by TUV, which gained a cross community support in curtailing the SF march of putting perpetrators of violence into positions over the heads of the rights of victims to feel that Stormont also belongs to them.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.074923
Retrieved Text: Daniel Frei has studied pedagogy and protestant theology at the University of Zurich, Switzerland. After working for 15 years as a language teacher and for five years as a minister of the Swiss Reformed Church he left in 2001 as an Ecumenical Fraternal Worker of Mission 21 (in Basel, Switzerland) to Chile. Here he is living with his wife Barbara and with his children Alex (6) and Isabel (3).
At the Facultad Evangélica de Teología he is working as professor of Practical Theology with a specialization in Religious Education. Concepción lies in the 8th region of Chile which is the stronghold of Pentecostal churches. Pentecostals make up to 50% in some cities and have a very marked proper culture. In Chile the government is pushing the equality of religious rights which means that there are new work fields for evangelical theological formation (Professor of Christian Education in Colleges, ministers in prisons, hospitals or the army for instance) The students at the FET (actually up to 50) come from very different church backgrounds buy in their majority they are Pentecostals.
Chile has a special historical background of Pentecostalism and some particularities which make it unique. In 1909 the first self-sustaining Pentecostal church broke off the Methodist Church under the leading of Willis Hoover, a Methodist minister from USA.
Daniel Frei is working on a thesis which is first of all examining the historical, religious sociological and theological background of Chilean mestize Pentecostal Churches. The focus of this thesis are pedagogical elements of education within the Iglesia Evangélica Pentecostal, one of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.040741
Retrieved Text: Confessional Lutheran churches have always been cognizant of their duty to minister to the spiritual needs of their members who serve in the military, but they have also often struggled with the theological and ecclesiastical ambiguities that are associated with the military chaplaincy. Before the Second World War all of the major Lutheran synods in America participated in the military chaplaincy, even though the more conservative ones were uncomfortable with certain aspects of this participation. The concerns focused on two issues. Since the government was in many respects regulating and supervising the ministry of the chaplains, and was paying their salaries, some Lutherans were concerned that this represented a confusion of the civil and spiritual powers. As they saw it, the government seemed to be involving itself in activities and responsibilities that God had actually assigned to the church. And, in light of the traditional Lutheran teaching regarding church fellowship, which would not approve of “unionistic” worship services that are conducted jointly by Lutheran clergymen and clergymen of other confessions, or that are deliberately emptied of their distinctive Lutheran content, many Lutherans were concerned about the strongly ecumenical thrust of the military chaplaincy. While recognizing that a Lutheran pastor would certainly be willing to share God’s Word with people of other denominational backgrounds according to their need, they were also aware of the fact that the military often considered it to be in its interest to blur or minimize the doctrinal differences between the various churches, and to encourage a more generic and (presumably) less controversial

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.037657
Retrieved Text: Protestants of the non-Episcopal sort have usually assumed that bishops and popes are the wicked fruits of medievalism or priestly pretensions. That the ordered hierarchy of priests and bishops under one pope was part and parcel of European feudalism is a fact. That the Protestant Reformation abandoned the hierarchical idea is by no means proved. That many Protestant clergy long for its restoration is evident in the ecumenical movement.
We have seen the transition from Jewish synagogues governed by lay elders to Christian churches grouped under city church bishops. When bishops meet together in council, one of them becomes first among equals, and if he is elected for life he naturally attains a higher status. At its worst the complete system can be caricatured as: Christ established Peter, who was succeeded by the popes, who chose bishops, who made sonic men priests. The priests then make certain people Christians by baptizing them and feeding them with the sacraments.
When the Lutheran Reformation and the English Methodists substituted superintendents for bishops there was no change in the hierarchical principle. Actually there was not even much of a verbal change since the Greek word episkopos literally means superintendent. Anglicans retained the previous system intact, but instead of one pope, appointed two archbishops. This helped to clarify the point that there was no need to have one figurehead for the whole of Europe or even for one country and also made the old English game of balance of power easier to play.
Presbyterians reverted to government by elders, but with the stress

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.946556
Retrieved Text: Dated back to the 18th century, Christ Church is one of the most recognizable images of Melaka in Dutch Square. This church is one of a kind; its red color is very unique and remarkable. Just enter, stay silent and take a moment to be at peace with yourself. It’s cool and peaceful inside and provides welcome relief from the outside noise and bustle.
There is an interesting list of clergymen who served the Church here and it is worth reflecting on what life must have been like for them in times past. Anyone visiting the church should consider a donation to keep it up as the church is expected to maintain this building that is such an icon of this city. Remember to always be respectful in such historic places. Photography is allowed inside the church.
The exterior of the ancient church speaks of monumental perfection as the building is fine and firm. The red color of the church makes it a distinctive spot on Melaka’s tourist attraction. The metal bell on the arch top makes it similar to old vintage castles.
The prayer area is quite spacious with adequate seating arrangements. The wooden alter and seats are typical like any other churches and visitors are given a serene and peaceful ambience as they enter it.
I could see before my eyes the oldest of the Protestant churches in Malaysia as I stood before the Christ Church. The interior of the church looked exquisite and beautiful adorned in English, Armenian, and Dutch memorial plaques. I got some nice snaps

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.931133
Retrieved Text: Amongst Jews, the Shema is probably the most recited of all biblical verses. In fact, Karaites recite the Shema in three different places in their Shabbat service. In one instance, the verse is simply read (with no tune) together by the hazzan and the entire congregation. In the second instance, the Shema is recited by the hazzan and repeated by the entire congregation. And, finally, during the Torah service, the hazzan chants about a dozen lines, and the entire congregation responds to each line by singing the Shema in a tune that is actually different from the previous instance. We have recorded the tune for the second and third recitations of the Shema.
Shema Yisrael: Adonai Elohaynu, Adonai Echad.
The melody below is of the Shema as it is recited in the "second instance," described above. It is said by the hazzan and then repeated by the entire congregation.
The melody below is of the Shema as it is recited during the Torah Service, described above. The hazzan recites a line of a prayer, and the after each line the congregation responds with the Shema.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.86739
Retrieved Text: The African Methodist Episcopal Church, celebrating its bicentennial year in America, reports a 15 percent membership increase in Florida in the past two years and anticipates an even larger increase for the next few years.
Bishop Phillip Cousin Sr. of Jacksonville said Monday that the church lost some of its members to large predominantly white churches "which began springing up four and five years ago, but that trend almost has bottomed out.
"The level of our ministry is improving because we have made a real push to train our clergymen," Cousin said. "We've also upgraded many of our facilities and have begun to offer services that we could not offer our members before now."
Cousin, 54, presiding prelate at the AME's four-day Christian Education Congress at the Peabody Hotel in Orlando, cited the expansion of St. Mark's AME Church on Bruton Boulevard in Orlando as an example of his church's growth.
"St. Mark's recently purchased a whole block of land and upgraded its facilities significantly," he said.
Expanded facilities will allow churches to offer more youth and adult education.
The African Methodist Episcopal Church's goal according to Cousin, 54, is to increase its Florida membership of 100,000 in 428 churches by "at least 50 percent" in the next two years. He said that in the greater Orlando area there are 25 AME churches with 14,000 members.
"Our aim is to have our current members win new members for Christ. The theme of our congress this week is winning, teaching and keeping. Once we win souls for Christ, we have to keep them in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.674984
Retrieved Text: So why did this happen? Well, the Elim leaders held the same beliefs as other Christians, but with one important difference. They believed that God’s promises in the Bible about the Holy Spirit and healing were for Christians today. In other words, miracles didn’t stop after the Bible was written. The Elim pioneers had rediscovered God’s power, promised in the Bible to all who would completely commit their lives to following Jesus. It was a ‘re-discovery’, not a discovery, because it was nothing new. God had worked in power through different Christians throughout the centuries, right back to the dramatic miracles of the early Church so frequently mentioned in the Bible.
The basic teaching of Elim, which was publicised under the heading ‘The Foursquare Gospel’, highlighted this rediscovery: it stated that Jesus is the Saviour, the Healer, the Baptiser in the Holy Spirit and the Coming King.
Such ‘Pentecostal’ beliefs raised a lot of opposition from some traditional church leaders at the time, because miracles are always controversial. But the pioneers were just getting back to what Jesus had taught in the first place – after all, Jesus himself healed many people and had promised the Holy Spirit to his followers.
These doctrines were firmly ‘orthodox’ – shared in common with the historic Protestant denominations like the Anglican Church, Methodists, Baptists, etc, who all believe in ‘the Trinity’ – God in three persons: Father, Son (Jesus) and the Holy Sprit. This core belief is totally rejected by the so-called ‘Christian’ cults – Jehovah’s Witnesses, Mormons, etc.
These beliefs have now

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.645597
Retrieved Text: PETRE, Hon. Edward Robert (1794-1848), of Stapleton Park, nr. Ferrybridge, Yorks. and 17 Charles Street, Berkeley Square, Mdx.
b. 28 Sept. 1794, 3rd but 2nd surv. s. of Robert Edward Petre, 9th Bar. Petre (d. 1801), and 2nd w. Juliana Barbara, da. of Henry Howard of Glossop, Derbys. m. 21 July 1829, Hon. Laura Maria Stafford Jerningham, da. of George William, 8th Bar. Stafford, s.p. d. 8 June 1848.
Sheriff, Yorks. 1830-1; mayor, York 1830-1.
Imbued with his family’s Whiggish principles, he became a member of Brooks’s Club at an unusually early age, 6 Apr. 1814. His first known appearance on a public platform was at the Yorkshire county meeting in January 1823, when he admitted that he was a ‘recent convert’ to parliamentary reform, but said he had been alarmed to ‘see the arm of power extended’ in order to ‘oppress’ the people. He was ‘convinced that nothing short of a constitutional reform can restore that sympathy which ... ought to exist between the electors and their constituents, and be an effectual safeguard against a renewal of these destructive measures which have been so long pursued’.6 He was the first president of the Auxiliary Catholic Defence Society, founded at York in 1828, which petitioned for emancipation.7 He became an alderman of York in 1829, and offered for the borough at the general election the following year. His nomination speech dwelt mainly on the issue of religious freedom, and he argued that his Catholicism was a purely private matter, but he also declared that he had been ‘brought up

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: The word "easiness" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The very easiness of the deed held her back.
Sentence 2: There was an easiness between them.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.016594
Retrieved Text: SIMPLICITY, noun. The quality or state of being simple, unmixed, or uncompounded; as, the simplicity of metals or of earths.
SIMPLICITY, noun. The quality or state of being not complex, or of consisting of few parts; as, the simplicity of a machine.
SIMPLICITY, noun. Artlessness of mind; freedom from cunning or duplicity; lack of acuteness and sagacity.
SIMPLICITY, noun. Freedom from artificial ornament, pretentious style, or luxury; plainness; as, simplicity of dress, of style, or of language; simplicity of diet; simplicity of life.
SIMPLICITY, noun. Freedom from subtlety or abstruseness; clearness; as, the simplicity of a doctrine; the simplicity of an explanation or a demonstration.
SIMPLICITY, noun. Freedom from complication; efficiency.
SIMPLICITY, noun. Weakness of intellect; silliness; folly.
SIMPLICITY, noun. (rare) An act or instance of foolishness.
SIMPLICITY, noun. The quality of being simple or uncompounded; "the simplicity of a crystal".
SIMPLICITY, noun. A lack of penetration or subtlety; "they took advantage of her simplicity".
SIMPLICITY, noun. Absence of affectation or pretense.
SIMPLICITY, noun. Freedom from difficulty or hardship or effort; "he rose through the ranks with apparent ease"; "they put it into containers for ease of transportation"; "the very easiness of the deed held her back".
SIMPLICITY, noun. Lack of ornamentation; "the room was simply decorated with great restraint".

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.559776
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time there was a peasant woman and a very wicked woman she was. And she died and did not leave a single good deed behind. The devils caught her and plunged her into a lake of fire. So her guardian angel stood and wondered what good deed of hers he could remember to tell to God. “She once pulled up an onion in her garden,” said he, “and gave it to a beggar woman.” And God answered: “You take that onion then, hold it out to her in the lake, and let her take hold of it and be pulled out. And if you can pull her out of the lake, let her come to Paradise, but if the onion breaks, then the woman must stay where she is.” The angel ran to the woman and held out the onion to her. “Come,” said he, “catch hold and I’ll pull you out.” And he began cautiously pulling her out. He had just about pulled her out, when the other sinners in the lake, seeing how she was being drawn out, caught hold of her so as to be pulled out with her. But she was a very wicked woman and she began kicking them off. “I’m to be pulled out, not you. It’s my onion, not yours.” As soon as she said that, the onion broke. And she fell back into the lake and she is burning there to this day. So her guardian angel wept and went away.
I Always remember that one.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.63104
Retrieved Text: Chef Latoya Kevins received training at New York’s Culinary Institute and began her professional career as the Top Chef at Macaroon. Latoya had always dreamed of working at a passtisserie, even back when she was completing his apprenticeship at the Culinary School of New York.
Her first full kitchen position was at the a restaurant before moving south to work in a private restaurant in New York. In 1986, she started her first tour in South Africa as a Chef, then moved back to New York, before returning to Africa to hold positions.
More recently, Latoya held the positions of Chef at Macaroon and she is doing a really great job.
For those looking for something extra, Macaron cakes are available in varying sizes and flavours. Macarons are Gluten-Free and can also be made Dairy-Free allowing for more people to enjoy this little treat. Customers also have the option of order custom Macaron creations such as pyramids, company logos or wedding favors. The easiness and cleanliness of the macarons make it the perfect treat for a meeting and will pair well with any kind of drink. Customers also have the option of order custom Macaron creations such as pyramids.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.673449
Retrieved Text: A decision by the Supreme Court of Arkansas in Mary D. Fitton, As Trustee of the Mary D. Fitton Revocable Trust vs. Bank of Little Rock, No. 09-1273, dated June 3, 2010, ruled that a married person with a beneficiary interest in a property that is maintained as their principal residence is entitled to a homestead exemption, even though title to the property is held by a revocable trust. In that case, the Court found that Mary Fitton was the settlor (trustor), the trustee, and also one of the beneficiaries of the trust. The property was her principal place of residence. The Court held that she did not abandon her right to homestead when she conveyed her interest to a revocable trust, and she was entitled to a homestead exemption.
Based upon the above decision, we will require the following when insuring residential property held in a trust.
A. The trustee must always execute the deed, deed of trust or mortgage.
B. Determine if the property is the principal residence of any person who is also a beneficiary of the trust. You may rely upon an affidavit from the trustee stating that the property is not the principal residence of any person who is a beneficiary of the trust, if applicable. This statement can be added to a closing affidavit.
C. If the property is the principal residence of any beneficiary of the trust, that person and their spouse must also sign the deed, deed of trust or mortgage, individually.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.532585
Retrieved Text: A Colorado quit claim deed is a common legal document that transfers interest in real property, such as land or a building, to another person or organization. The party transferring interest is called the grantor. The party receiving interest is the grantee.
A quit claim deed can be obtained from an attorney, a real estate agent, from one of the many businesses that sell legal documents or even downloaded online. Be sure to specify that the deed is for Colorado. The only parties required to sign the quit claim deed are the grantor and the notary public. The grantee is named on the quit claim deed but does not have to sign it. The deed is then filed at the County Clerk and Recorder's Office in the county where the property is located.
The most common reasons to use a quit claim deed are to remove one spouse's name from the title after a divorce, or to transfer some interest in the property to a new spouse. You might also use a quit claim deed to gift property to a family member or other individual, or to transfer interest in real property to a living trust.
A Colorado quit claim deed only transfers interest in and ownership of a property. It does not guarantee that the property is free of debt or liens and that no one else claims to own it. It doesn't even guarantee that the grantor actually has an interest in the property in the first place. If you're selling property to a third party who's

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.427977
Retrieved Text: Mortgage Community Forums | Forums: Learn from other's experiences | quit claim deed situation!!!
As you have the divorce decree which states that the house is awarded to you and your ex-husband did sign a deed. You should contact the county recorder's office and tell the reason for delay in getting it recorded.
Make a written request for acceptance of the deed as valid and as you have all the legal documents which clearly suggest that the house will be yours, you will not face too many difficulties.
BY THE WAY, I HAD HEARD SOMEBODY SUGGEST TO ME THAT I SHOULD GO TO THE COURT HOUSE AND HAVE THE JUDGE SIGN THE HOUSE TO ME. HOW DOES THAT WORK AND WHAT PROCESS DO I HAVE TO TAKE IN ORDER TO GET THE HEARING AND WHAT THEY CALL THAT PROCEDURE?
You can try out with a different notary commissioner. I think it will be a fast process compared to approaching the court and getting the judge to sign on the deed.
Trouble is if my ex-busband is not there to sign they will not do the notarize the deed for me. Which that is where the problem is. I don't want to deal with him and he is trying hard to make my life a living hell. I di try to go to another currency exchange and they said they don't notarize the quit claim there and they can't renew it for me because it was don't at another currency exchange. Plus my ex-is not there.
I can understand Shy but if I

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.327103
Retrieved Text: The SW218P subwoofer is designed to deliver high quality low frequency reproduction where very hig..
The SW218A subwoofer is designed to deliver high quality low frequency reproduction where very hig..
The SW121HLA subwoofer is designed to deliver high-quality low frequency reproduction where very h..
The SW215A subwoofer is designed to deliver high quality low frequency reproduction where very hig..
The AX2010P is a new line array element that combines superior sound quality with easiness and fle..
The AX2010A is a new powered line array element that combines superior sound quality with easiness..
The AX2065P is a new line array element that combines superior sound quality with easiness and fle..
The AX2065A is a new powered line array element that combines superior sound quality with easiness..

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.234306
Retrieved Text: The overall aim of the Food for Seniors project was to develop enjoyable meals in convenient packages for senior consumers. The views of the seniors were in central role throughout the project. By far the only trained sensory panel in the world consisting of senior members was established in the project.
Based on surveys among senior consumers it became evident that the current ready meals are generally not appreciated by seniors. There were seen deficiencies both in foods and packages. There also seems to be a strong desire among seniors to prepare their food by themselves or at least fine-tune them.
Model meals were developed for senior consumers. The taste and texture of the meals were modified as well as the nutritional properties. The sensory properties of the model meals were studied by sensory evaluation and preference mapping. Senior consumers preferred a texture of food being between soft and semi-hard in hardness meaning that there has to be some challenge in the texture but not too much. Seniors preferred salty food. However, they evaluated spicy food as being more salty than less spicy salty food. This indicates that the salt content of food could be to some extent compensated by using spices.
There are various properties in current food packaging that could be enhanced to better meet the needs of seniors. Special attention should be paid for the convenience of use: easiness of opening the packaging and portioning out the food, the possibility to re-seal the packaging, the clarity of the information, easiness of recognize the product, tempting packaging

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.071121
Retrieved Text: Jianfei Guo, Joo-Hyun Song; Relation between action precision and perceptual discrimination. Journal of Vision 2017;17(10):463. doi: 10.1167/17.10.463.
Previous studies have demonstrated that performing an action toward an object can impact the visual perceptual processing of that object. For instance, the congruence between hand movements and visual stimuli improves visual discrimination performance. In our recent work, to examine how easiness of action influences perceptual sensitivity, we asked participants to perform an orientation change detection task using a titled Gabor patch, while preparing a point-to-grasp movement towards it. We observed that when they grasped a right-titled patch with their dominant right hand, which was easier than grasping a left-titled one, orientation discrimination was better. Here, we extended this observation to when grasping was performed with the non-dominant hand. We also examined whether orientation discrimination sensitivity could be further enhanced with training of grasping precision. To address this question, we compared the orientation discrimination sensitivity before and after an action training session, in which participants were required to grasp various titled objects. We found that the magnitude of grasping accuracy improvement in the action training session was positively correlated with the improvement of the orientation discrimination. The effect, however, was not observed with perceptual training in the absence of action. In conclusion, we suggest that the easiness of action as well as training of action precision can influence the sensitivity of perceptual discrimination.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.888681
Retrieved Text: Law Web: Whether it is necessary to examine attesting witness to prove execution of sale deed?
Whether it is necessary to examine attesting witness to prove execution of sale deed?
It is for the reasons that, firstly, the execution of the sale deed does not need any attesting witness like the gift deed, which requires at least two attesting witnesses at the time of its execution as per Section 123 of the Transfer of Property Act, 1882; and Secondly, Section 68 of the Evidence Act, 1872, which deals with the examination of the attesting witness to prove the execution of the document, does not apply to sale deed, which is governed by Section 54 of the Transfer of Property Act.
2. This appeal is filed by the Defendant against the final judgment and order dated 11/12.10.2012 passed by the High Court of Judicature at Bombay, Nagpur Bench, Nagpur in Second Appeal No. 304/1997 whereby the Single Judge of the High Court allowed the appeal filed by the Respondent herein and reversed the judgment/decree dated 26.08.1996 passed by the 3rd Additional District Judge, Nagpur in Regular Civil Appeal No. 152/1989 which arose out of judgment/decree dated 31.01.1989 passed by 3rd Joint Civil Judge, Junior Division, Nagpur in Regular Civil Suit No. 1210/1985, which had dismissed the Respondent's civil suit.
5. The dispute relates to plot No. 12 of field No. 13/3, P.H. 44 situated in Mouza Parsodi Tahsil, District Nagpur admeasuring 1625 sq.ft. (hereinafter referred to as the "suit land").
6. The suit land originally belonged to one Housing Co-Operative Society called-"Subhash

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.888674
Retrieved Text: The Scottsdale family law attorneys at Hildebrand Law, PC want to provide you with information regarding the restrictions on selling a home during an Arizona divorce. The Arizona Court of Appeals issued a seminal decision regarding the effect of signing a Disclaimer Deed signed in Arizona on a home purchased during an Arizona marriage in the case of Bell-Kilbourne v. Bell-Kilbourne.
The evidence at Trial established that the parties were married on February 15, 2000. The parties, thereafter, decided to purchase a home and chose to apply for a loan in Wife’s name only for the sole purpose of improving her credit score and because Husband had a poor credit rating. The home was, therefore, titled in Wife’s sole name as her sole and separate property.
Husband subsequently signed a Disclaimer Deed indicating he waived any community property interest in the home and confirming the home as Wife’s sole and separate property. The parties paid the mortgage with community funds throughout their marriage.
The Arizona divorce trial court ruled that the evidence presented at trial clearly proved the parties’ intention at the time they purchased the home was that the home was to be community property and, further, that Husband did not intend to gift his community property residence to Wife as her sole and separate property.
Disclaimer Deed and Divorce Arizona.
The Arizona Court of Appeals analysis of the issue began with the rule of law in Arizona that all property acquired during a marriage in Arizona is presumed to be community property, pursuant to another appellate case; namely Rickenbaugh

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.884499
Retrieved Text: Before going into real estate, Jamie and I both worked in title and escrow and we were always amazed when we saw transactions unravel and nerves fray near the close of escrow due to things that could have been resolved had they been tackled weeks or months earlier.
So from the moment we activated our real estate licenses back in the 1990s, we’ve made it a habit to look for potential title flaws ahead of time. Fix them when there’s still plenty of time to do so and nobody gets gray hairs or loses any sleep. But wait until you’re in escrow to try to solve a problem and things can get very dicey.
I mention that as a prelude to a story about a sale we were involved in a few years back. We were representing buyers in a transaction that almost self-destructed shortly after we opened escrow due to a very unusual title issue. But it was something that could have been detected months before the home ever came on the market had the listing agent examined the condition of title ahead of time.
The owner had passed away four or five months earlier and her children were handling the sale. The offer was signed by one of the children, acting as successor trustee, as his mom had held title in a living trust.
It wasn’t until we got a copy of the title report that we saw a potential fly in the ointment. It showed the mom’s name as owner but didn’t indicate that it was in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.76057
Retrieved Text: Court Holds Removal of a Person’s Name | Shannon B. Jones Law Group, Inc.
In Lin v. Coronado, plaintiff purchased a residential property at a foreclosure sale with two other investors. She allegedly contributed $150,000, while the other investors contributed $100,000. Following the auction, a trust deed was delivered to one of the investors stating that the property was conveyed to the investors and plaintiff, but indicated that plaintiff owned zero percent. Without plaintiff’s knowledge or consent, the trust deed was altered to remove any reference to her and the property was subsequently reconveyed to the investors. The property was eventually sold by the other investors to defendant Coronado. Plaintiff sued Coronado to quiet title to the property, alleging that the deed was altered before it was recorded and therefore, it was void. The trial court sustained defendant’s demurrer without leave to amend and entered judgment in Coronado’s favor. The court of appeal affirmed.
The court held that, in general, when a deed is altered or changed by someone other than the grantor before it is delivered or recorded, the deed is void and no title vests in the grantee. However, for this rule to apply, the alteration must be considered material. An alteration which does not change the legal effect of the deed will not render it void. The court reasoned that even if plaintiff could prove that the trust deed was altered, she was unable to show that the alteration was material, because the trust deed reflected that she had a zero percent ownership interest in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.599735
Retrieved Text: 1) Who can invest in tax certificates?
Anyone that has a Social Security Number or a Tax ID Number can invest in tax certificates.
2) How can I take possession of tax certificates?
You can take possession individually, jointly, as a partnership, under a trust, under a company, under various retirement accounts, etc.
3) I have never bought tax certificates before, can you help me?
I will walk you throughout the process from the time you buy my tax certificates until you take possession of a property.
4) Why invest in tax certificates?
The interest rate of return is usually between 8% to 18% apy. Savings accounts and MMA pay about 2% apy. The stock and bond markets fluctuate too much. You will either get the property (by a Tax Deed foreclosure) or you will get a very high interest rate of return.
5) How much do I need to get started?
You can spend as little as $200.00 for one tax certificate or you can invest as much as you can afford to invest.
6) How secure are tax certificates as an investment?
All Tax Certificates are backed by the value of the property it is attached to. Tax certificates I invest in (for resale and for myself) are scrutinized by my wife and I. I only invest my money in tax certificates that have a value of less than 4% of the zillow.com value of a property. Example: a tax certificate with a current value of $500.00 is worth +/-$80,000.00 according to zillow.com property values.
7) Do I own the property by buying a tax certificate?
No.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.390396
Retrieved Text: With the Bi-Unique, you can ski as independently as your experience and abilities allow. It was designed with input from skiers and sports programs to bridge the gap between sit-skis and mono-skis.
Snow’Kart is designed for people who have a lack of strength in the upper body and/or who don’t have enough balance to ski with Uniski or Dualski.
The Scarver is the top level sitski from TESSIER. In Dualski it's the perfect rig for freeskiing and powder skiing !
The Tempo offers the best of Tessier ski technology at a lower price. A perfect blend between performance and easiness!
Please select up to 4 products to compare them.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.387981
Retrieved Text: The title deed is a deed instrument in which it is showing that the title of the property is officially held by the owner. The title deed is the documents that convey ownership, rights and obligations on the property to the owner as it is mandatory registered at the land registry office. That is why it is a real asset ownership certificates. It is needed by anybody who owned any real asset or property.
The title deed is a most commonly used deed documents as a proof of the ownership of real assets. To get a title deed you have to apply first to the title deed agency after getting the certificate from the land or vehicles registry office on purchase a new property and after that the agency will issue a deed of title. This deed also has a description of the property in details along with the details and signature of the property owner so that anybody can identify the property which is written on the deed.
The deed of title is recorded with proper seal of regional registry official. Even sometime it is signed by a witness like the regional Clerk. If there are more then one owner of the property the deed of title has to record all details and signature of all owners. When the property is sold a new title deed is issued to the new owner with his or her name. There is flexibility on adding a new name or removing any old name in case of multiple owner from the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.227062
Retrieved Text: Hybrid created by crossing Northern Light and Skunk which shows Indica dominant features. This is truly medicinal strain with the intense sweet taste which helps to relax. Easiness in growing made her very popular among beginners. Northern Light x Skunk got big flowers heads, few leaves and huge yields ( up to 900 g outdoors). This plant is ready in 55 to 60 days and can be harvested in early October.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.074303
Retrieved Text: Law Offices of Naheed A. Amdani, P.C. – Quit Claim Deeds May Convey Real Estate Even if Inaccurate, But at What Cost?
So what happens if someone deeds real estate to another person, but makes a mistake in the deed? If the proper language is not used in a deed, can it still be used to convey real estate? The answer is: Maybe. A Deed may be black and white on its face, but the interpretation of the deed can be far from black and white.
Per statute, quit claim deeds are required to include the legal description of the property conveyed. 765 ILCS 5/10 (West 2014). But back in 1935, the Illinois court determined that even if there is some uncertainty, a deed should not be declared void so long as “it is possible, by any reasonable rules of construction, to ascertain from the description, aided by extrinsic evidence, what property it is intended to convey.” Brunotte v. DeWitt, 360 Ill. 518, 528 (1935). How do we reconcile the statute with this ruling?
Well, the Illinois appellate court reconciled these two things just last year. The case, Reverse Mortgage Solutions, Inc. v. Rehman, 2017 IL App (1st) 161035 (June 6, 2017) Cook Co., 2d Div., was actually quite interesting. A married couple bought a home in Chicago in 1961. In 1979, the husband quit claimed his interest in the house to his wife. The deed was improperly drafted but did reference their home, even though it had an inadequate legal description. The wife died in 2003. In 2006,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.510136
Retrieved Text: Client seeks assistance with a divorce. Client and opposing party (OP)/husband were married on September 28, 2017, but OP became incarcerated on that same day. In 2018, OP was released and began abusing client. Client then obtained a PFA in December 2018, and OP is now incarcerated again. No divorce action has been filed, and client has no interest in either the marital estate or receiving support from OP. A volunteer is needed to file for divorce and represent client throughout the process.
Client seeks assistance with an urgent landlord tenant matter. The eviction complaint seeks a judgment of possession and a money judgement for unpaid rent and late fees from February 2019 through April 2019, the alleged cost of repairing water damage that client incurred, attorney’s fees, and ongoing rent. Client began withholding rent in February after landlord repeatedly failed to fix client’s oven following numerous requests. Client called L&I earlier this month because he believed his bathroom lacked proper ventilation; there are now two open violations for this issue, which landlord denies is a habitability concern. Client acknowledges that he caused water damage by using a portable washing machine, but has not reimbursed landlord for the cost incurred to repair the damage because she has failed to provide him with proof of the cost of those repairs. Defenses include a breach of implied warranty of habitability. Client intends to vacate the property before the eviction hearing. Client would like to avoid a money judgment and would like for the lease and his obligation to continue

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.44324
Retrieved Text: Tinder is an online dating application that enables a human-human interaction. However, the easiness of connection brings to light some concerns about possible harmful gender dynamics, which can enhance bias within technological developments and threaten women empowerment. This research aims to investigate whether the application meets women’s expectations, whether there is gender bias and sexist behavior during the users’ experiences and what is the relation between the findings to the graphical user interface. The research approaches to a mixed method design in order to achieve its goals.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.370808
Retrieved Text: I’ve yet to jump on the time-traveler wave, but Kara Connolly’s No Good Deed caught my eye. I feel like ever since the TV series Outlander came to prevalence and started popping up all over everyone’s social media a few years ago (and understand that I’ve only ever caught a few episodes of the show, but I get the basic premise) stories involving modern day heroines somehow ending up back in the past are now on the rise. I was curious to hop into No Good Deed wherein the protagonist, a young, future-Olympic archer ends up back in the Middle Ages and takes up the mantle of Robin Hood. To say the least, I wasn’t sure what I was going to expect.
I did like Ellie, our Robin Hood. In fact, what I loved most about her was her skills as an archer and her quick-wit when it came to dangerous circumstances. She made for a great action hero, and an exciting protagonist to follow. Outside of her stay in the Middle Ages (and outside of this story) I wouldn’t mind reading about her again. I became invested in Ellie, in her familial struggles, in her strong desire to make it to the Olympics. As a matter of fact, I wouldn’t mind reading more about her continuing on her path to get the gold. She’s a character who felt real, who was exciting, and one who really made the story worthwhile.
Conolly crafted a pretty vivid picture of what the Middle Ages would have been. All of the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.34875
Retrieved Text: I was at the opening of the Accessible Art Fair last night. I didn’t have big expectations. Somehow I linked “accessible” to “easy to understand, simple”. Not that there is something wrong with easiness. But in my view art should not aim at easiness nor at complexity. Then even the sheer fact that it was taking place in a posh hotel (Steigenberger Grand Hotel) on its own right was making me skeptic.
Already there I understood the concept by experiencing it. The artists were there at the spot, presenting their works. They approached everyone who stopped to see their art and were open to answer questions. They talked, when asked, about the concept behind their work or the lack of such, about their background and creative process. It was great.
I talked with quite a few of them, which helped me to have a glimpse into their individual universes. But then more than the artists said their art. And the fair offers a huge variety of styles and techniques of painting, drawing and photography. Many of the works kept my attention and appealed to me to stay longer in contemplation.
The fair will continue till 19:00 h tomorrow. I strongly recommend it. Thus this post, written fast. Later I might share more impressions and add some pictures. But now…I am in a hurry to go back there. I would advise you to do the same.
The 5-euro ticket is valid for the three days of the fair. Cool, isn’t it?
I went back to the fair on Sunday afternoon. My stay

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.344566
Retrieved Text: The 2019 Contract forms default to “Special Warranty Deed” as the deed type. As the buyer, would you want a “General Warranty Deed? What’s the difference?
Colorado recognizes several types of deeds to transfer real property. I’m going to discuss the three most common types: General Warranty Deed, Special Warranty Deed, and Quit Claim Deed. Just from the names, you might guess that a buyer would probably want something with the word “warranty” in the title. Warranty sounds a lot better than “Quit.” Nobody likes a quitter. But which is better for the buyer, a “special” warranty or a “general” warranty. Although receiving something “special” might sound better, in the case of a buyer of real property you probably want a “general” warranty.
With a general warranty deed the warranty language states “and warrants title to the same.” This means that the warranty of title is going way back in time to people who might claim an interest in title before the seller bought the property. With a special warranty deed, the language is changed to “and warrants title to all persons claiming under me. This “under me” part means that the warranty is limited to claims against title during the time the seller owned the property, and not before.
Wouldn’t it be nice if the special warranty form simply said, “ this warranty is limited to claims related only to when I held title”? Oh, but that would be too easy. We used to say in law school that we were learning to be interpreters of a different

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.274532
Retrieved Text: More often than not, Saturn in synastry is perceiving as “bad”. Sometimes for good reasons: Saturn means delay, self-consciousness, awkwardness and structure. If you’re after a romantic relationship, you don’t want structure, you want fun. You don’t want the coldness and seriousness associated with this old and heavy planet, you want a lighthearted space filled with laughter and gratification. Well, you’re gonna have to ask Venus for that. Because Saturn will not deliver that type of energy. Even worse, if you do have some Venus aspects in synastry (or composite), Saturn will make its best to tone them down.
So, with a strong series of Saturnine aspects in synastry, do expect some cold and harsh weather.
But there is some good in all that bad. Whatever Saturn touches, it gets transformed. It gets metamorphosized into something called “resistance”. A roadblock. A closed door. A clogged pipe. Something that you have to really work out with, if you want to move forward.
And this is exactly where the beauty of Saturn lies. In making you fight for what you want. In making you dig deep for those forgotten energies, pull them out, start using them and in keeping you pushing forward. There will be strain, that’s for sure. There will be stress, depression, lack of confidence and a lot of uncomfortable silences. But beyond all of these lies the greatest gift of Saturn in synastry: a long lasting relationship.
Venus is pure luck. It’s beauty and easiness. You just get that and enjoy it. But you do not control it. You

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.195892
Retrieved Text: Information-theoretic measures predict the human judgement of rhythm complexity.
To formalize the human judgment of rhythm complexity, we used five measures from information theory and algorithmic complexity to measure the complexity of 48 artificially generated rhythmic sequences. We compared these measurements to human prediction accuracy and easiness judgments obtained from a listening experiment, in which 32 participants guessed the last beat of each sequence. We also investigated the modulating effects of musical expertise and general pattern identification ability. Entropy rate and Kolmogorov complexity were correlated with prediction accuracy, and highly correlated with easiness judgments. A logistic regression showed main effects of musical training, entropy rate, and Kolmogorov complexity, and an interaction between musical training and both entropy rate and Kolmogorov complexity. These results indicate that information-theoretic concepts capture some salient features of the human judgment of rhythm complexity, and they confirm the influence of musical expertise on complexity judgments.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.131119
Retrieved Text: A real estate deed is a legal instrument that, when properly signed and delivered, conveys title or a more restrictive interest to specified real estate. There are different types of deeds that vary according to what the grantor can convey, what the grantor wants to convey, and what warranties that the grantor can or wants to include in the deed.
There are also some special deeds that serve a particular purpose. A correction deed corrects an error on a previous deed. A deed to release simply releases property when the loan for which the property served as security is paid.
Covenant of seisin: the grantor warrants the title that is being conveyed to the grantee. If the title proves to be defective, the grantee can sue for damages. The following warranties can be construed as being corollaries of the covenant of seisin.
Covenant of quiet enjoyment: the grantor guarantees that the title is superior to any other claims by 3rd parties. If someone succeeds in establishing a superior claim, then the grantor will be liable to the grantee for the damage. In fact, the covenant of warranty forever is the guarantee that the title will always be good, and that the grantor will compensate the grantee if it is later found that the title is defective. If the title defect is something that the grantor may cure, then the covenant of further assurance requires that the grantor do whatever is necessary to clear the title. Thus, if the grantor's spouse had dower or curtesy rights to the real estate,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.049276
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO — A former clerk for the Cook County Recorder of Deeds pleaded guilty today to accepting a cash bribe in exchange for preparing a back-dated deed on an Oak Park home and agreeing to record it with her office.
REGINA TAYLOR accepted the $200 bribe from an individual who purportedly wanted to add a relative’s name to the deed of a residence in Oak Park, according to a written plea agreement. Unbeknownst to Taylor, the individual was actually an undercover law enforcement agent, the plea agreement states.
Taylor, 59, of Chicago, pleaded guilty to one count of honest services mail fraud. The conviction carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a maximum fine of $250,000 or twice the gross gain or gross loss resulting from the offense, whichever is greater.
U.S. District Judge Sara L. Ellis scheduled a sentencing hearing for April 13, 2016, at 10:30 a.m.
According to the plea agreement, the fraudulent quit claim deed was created to add the purported relative as a fourth owner of the Oak Park property. Taylor directed the undercover agent not to tell anyone that the three other individuals on the deed were deceased, according to the plea agreement. Taylor then prepared the fraudulent deed and back-dated it by 18 months, confirming the purported relative as a grantee.
After giving the fraudulent deed to the undercover agent to have it stamped at the Village of Oak Park, the undercover agent gave Taylor $200 in cash, according to the plea agreement. Taylor further directed the undercover agent to bring back

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.033892
Retrieved Text: Individually wrapped nougat packaged in a traditional tin. Handcrafted crumbly torrone with Piedmontese hazelnuts I.G.P. (Protected Geographical Indication) selected by hand made according to an original recipe which dates back from 1883. It is made of egg whites and steamed for about 7 hours, shaped, hand-cut and cooled on marble tables for one day. Torrone is cut in very thin slices. Torronfette were born by chance, at the beginning they were the remains after cutting torrone. The product was soon a great success due to its easiness to eat and for its wonderful taste.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.014582
Retrieved Text: Here, we provide Chick-Fil-A fast food restaurant card activation procedure in simple words. So if you are looking for Chick-Fil-A Card Activation or Activate Chick-Fil-A Card then you should use this post in order to get started into Chick-Fil-A Calendar Card Activation or Chick-Fil-A Card Gift Card Activation. Chick Fil-A Card Card Activation allows their customers to obtain various benefits like Bonus, Discount, Cash Back, Gifts offered by the restaurant. It offers easiness and provide flexible service to their cardholders.
Though, In order to Activate Chick-Fil-A Card the users need to be well knowledgeable about its activation procedure.The users are advised to go through this post in order to get success. Here, users will find possible options and its quick steps in order to Chick-Fil-A Calender Card Activation. Now, let’s follow the procedure step by step in order to get success.
Chick-Fil-A Card Activation offers an option in order to get flexibility in various shopping and purchase occasions. By swiping Chick-Fil-A card users will receive easiness and comfort in order to find best deals. It improves the customer’s lifestyle and helps to make secure transactions. In order to Activate Chick-Fil-A Gift Card, you have to follow the post very carefully.
Chick-Fil-A Gift Card Activation requires an Internet facility in order to start online procedure. The users will be asked to share personal details and card information in order to start the activation process. The users are advised to go through the quick steps carefully in order to understand properly.
The users are required to visit the Card Activation portal by

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.951727
Retrieved Text: The following land transfers, either Warranty Deed (WD), Quit Claim Deed (QCD), Agreement for Deed, Contract, Trustees QCD, Cemetery Deed, Trustees Min Deed, Judicial Sale Deed or Spec WD, were filed in Gallatin County from Feb.
Last sale:$490,000 quit claim deed in 2005 Property ID:36-029-24-32-0076 Date of deed:1-4-1 ECRV released:1-5-1 [divider] Related: New hoteliers take over downtown Minneapolis project Certificates of real estate value [divider] Like this article?
AHBA wants to void the quit claim deed from Julie Mills to her husband.
The property will be sold as-is, and will be the subject of a Quit Claim Deed with no warrantees being made by Town.
They (Kentex) can present quit claim as proof of payment and workers will be asked to appear to confirm that the act was done voluntarily.
Of the most sought after are the Warranty Deed and Quit Claim Deed because of specific formatted language, the Land Contract with investor clauses, a Promissory Note with a protection clause for multiple uses, and the real estate Land Trust combined with an Option to Purchase for the ultimate in creative real estate investing.
Venie was suspended from the practice of law for one year effective 30 days from October 11, 2012, for pursuing a frivolous claim involving a lis pendens, and for committing a criminal act that reflects adversely on the lawyer's honesty, truthfulness, or fitness as a lawyer, for engaging in fraudulent conduct, and for engaging in conduct in connection to the practice of law that is prejudicial to the administration of justice by filing a false sworn affidavit to

================



======= Instance Index 8 =========
Input Text: The word "contradistinction" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Sculpture in contradistinction to painting.
Sentence 2: We used hamburgers and soda in contradistinction to healthy food.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.327505
Retrieved Text: Johnny Rockets has landed at Santa Ana’s Westfield MainPlace Mall, on the lower level, by JC Penney. Click here to check out their menu. Be sure to sign up for their e-club to get special promotions by email and text messages.
Get ready to enjoy food, fun and friendliness reminiscent of feel-good Americana. Boasting great tasting food from a menu of favorites, Johnny Rockets menu includes juicy hamburgers, classic sandwiches and hand-spun shakes and malts. Guests also enjoy an all-American look and feel, servers who know the secret behind getting ketchup out of the bottle, tabletop jukeboxes and authentic décor.
Johnny Rockets is located on level 1 near JCPenney.
Johnny Rockets has about 300 corporate and franchise-owned restaurants in 30 states and 16 countries, including 17 Six Flags amusement park locations and 11 Royal Caribbean cruise ships.
Each year, Johnny Rockets serves 17 million Hamburgers, 11.3 million soda pops, 8.3 million Shakes and Malts, 8 million pounds of Fries, 2.1 million orders of Onion Rings and 815,000 gallons of ice cream.
How long before Martinez publishes a FB picture with a DOUBLE CHEESEBURGER, FRIES and a Coke? A real advocate of healthy eating, the 178# councilwoman….dedicated to “Health and Fitness”.
How about a Payan MEX PROTEST!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.281063
Retrieved Text: Under the guidance of Sharon and Doug members of the post and auxiliary staffed the food corner of the WDVA tent. We served brats, hot dogs, hamburgers, beer, soda and water. Lite/light beer was the most popular item while the brats we the most unexpected and flavorful item.
Brad and Lucas were our exceptional volunteers, rarely not running around, taking orders, serving food or directing traffic. Thanks to all those who assisted.
The Governor was on hand to meet and greet those in attendance. He also presented to Senior Vice Commander Crary a “Certificate of Recognition” for Post 1318’s continued work at the tent and for efforts in Veterans Affairs.
By the way the Badgers beat the Runnin’ Rebels of UNLV.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.60957
Retrieved Text: Food for Thought: What is Making Korean Children Fat?
What is Making Korean Children Fat?
Health classes are moving a few Korean students in a healthier direction this summer. For an hour a week, students participate (voluntarily) in a workout or dance session. According to a recent article in the JoongAng Daily, students of all levels are participating in such a program to fight childhood obesity. Even though an hour a week hardly suffices as exercise, it's progress.
In 2007, the Ministry of Education and Human Resources Development reported that one out of every 10 Korean students was obese. Not only did this figure increase with age, boys also showed higher rates of obesity than girls.
Currently, obese students are increasing at a 1 percent rate annually.
Although Korean food is relatively healthy, a number of Korean students remain overweight. With such a strong emphasis on studying, many students are shuttled to after-school classes. Rarely is there time for dinner until late at night. To curb hunger pangs, students consume snacks like chips, candy and soda throughout the afternoon and evening. Along with unhealthy eating habits, physical education remains a less-valued part of Korean education.
"Older students tend to eat more high-calorie fast foods such as hamburgers and coke. Also they don't have much time to exercise due to college admission preparations,'' a ministry official said.
According to the article, 80 to 85 percent of obese youths continue to be obese as adults and can develop various diseases, including diabetes, cardiovascular problems and respiratory disorders.
So far, the Health Ministry of South Korea has

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.517015
Retrieved Text: This Event Expired on August 25, 2018. If you are the coordinator for this event please login to edit your show dates and information. If you do not yet have an OldRide Membership, please create a free membership then login to this page and submit the 'Request to Manage' form.
100% of ALL PROCEEDS GO DIRECTLY TO THE BONNEY LAKE FOOD BANK!!!
The Hot Rods and Hot Bikes Show is raising $$$, Non-Perishable Food Items, & Hygiene Products (ex: shampoo, conditioner, soap, etc.) to benefit the Bread of Life Bonney Lake Food Bank!!!
BBQ Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Roasted Corn, Chili, soda, bottled water…Yummy!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.08221
Retrieved Text: It mainly sells hamburgers and French fries, Fried chicken, soda, iced, salads, fruit and other fast food. McDonald's has covered about 119 countries on six continents and has reached about 32000 branches, represents a kind of American way of life in many countries.
McDonald's is the first and largest international fast food chain enterprise. McDonald's happy meal for free toys such as Disney characters dolls attracts more children here.
The image spokesman is Ronald McDonald. It is the symbol of friendship, humor and harmony. He acts as a crown that is known by everyone.
★ Find a McDonald's. Browse food and order some offers.
★ Get punchcard and use it at the restaurant.
★ Find out every detail about our food.
★ Discover your nearest McDonald's location.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.98278
Retrieved Text: Oklahoma City » Chesapeake Energy Arena » FAN TIPS » Best food and drink at Chesapeake Energy Arena?
The Arena has a good selection of hamburgers and fries which are tasty, They also have pizza hut but it is overcooked and sits in a warmer for a long time, pretzels and nachos but nothing to be like I have to have that. They also have beer, soda, and water.
The Arena has burritos, nachos, BBQ, chicken fingers, pizza, hot dogs and then a decent selection of beer and your normal coke products.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.686417
Retrieved Text: If a group of Russian MPs has it their way, soon hamburgers, French fries and soda drinks sold in the country would have mandatory warning of the diverse effects that fast food can have on health, just like on cigarette packs.
The legislation that would put fast food on par with tobacco in Russia is yet to be submitted to the parliament, but the three sponsors of the potential bill say it’s necessary.
McDonald’s, one of the largest fast food chains in Russia, declined to comment on the possible requirement to put less-than-appetizing pictures on big-mag wraps for the newspaper, saying the company would need to study the actual bill first. But their competitors from the Burger Club chain said the measure would be overkill.
“We are firmly against any warnings and threatening pictures,” said Ksenia Danderya, spokeswoman for the chain’s development department.
Earlier two McDonald’s restaurants in Russia’s Novgorod Region was criticized by the consumer rights watchdog Rospotrebnadzor, which said some of the products sold there failed their routine quality checks. As the service demanded that violations were stopped, the agriculture watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor launched its own investigation into the quality of ingredients used by McDonalds as well as two other large fast food chains, KFC and Burger King.
The Russian authorities appear to have been investing a very high interest into the quality of products imported into Russia from some other countries. For instance, agriculture imports from Ukraine have been practically banned, while those from Poland have been seriously restricted.
Some commenters say that Russia is retaliating for sanctions which those

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.38365
Retrieved Text: Today half of the class - the Guppies, went to the Food Tech room and made mouth-watering hamburgers with Miss Paine.
The rest of us - the Danios, we completed an eAsttle test and used the Story Starter website to give us ideas about stories we could right.
After lunch we will swap over, Guppies will do the eAsttle test and Danios will make hamburgers.
Will Mrs Bradshaw's tummy rumble when the Danios come back with their hamburgers?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.199804
Retrieved Text: Why are there more and more obese people in the world?
Obesity is the abnormal buildup of fat in the body.
In 2016, a scientific study showed that obesity affects 13% of the world’s population, that’s 650 million adults. Between 1980 and 2016, obesity has more than doubled: so much so that it has become an epidemic!
The fast food chain McDonald’s sells 2 billion hamburgers around the world every year; that’s 58 hamburgers per second! In Europe, it’s the British that eat the most hamburgers. It’s also the British that have a problem with excess weight both in children and in adults. Obesity is a serious illness that can lead to cardiovascular problems and also diabetes or cancer. To stop this plague, the World Health Organisation (WHO) recommends at least one hour of sport a day. And to eat healthy food, especially fruit, vegetables and leguminous plants. If obesity continues to grow at the present rate, the WHO has calculated that about 20% of the world population could be obese by 2025.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.010178
Retrieved Text: It's Tuesday night in the Cooking Light Test Kitchen, and 9-year-old Maurice stands atop a step stool, gently shaving carrots on a cutting board. Nearby, his father, Tony, is chopping tilapia fillets into bite-sized nuggets. Maurice, Tony, and several other families are taking part in a cooking skills program created by Jones Valley Teaching Farm (JVTF), an urban farm in Birmingham, Alabama, Cooking Light's hometown. For the past seven years, JVTF has been turning vacant downtown lots into thriving farmland and empowering the city's young students to change their lives in the process.
Like many areas of the country, Birmingham is faced with a distinct food duality. Portions of downtown are virtual food deserts, while wealthy suburban neighborhoods are spoiled with farmers' markets, grocery stores, and restaurants.
Organizations like JVTF have stepped up to help fill in the gaps. A few years ago, the farm launched Good School Food, a program that teaches school-aged children like Maurice how to grow and sell produce. In the process, the students gain math, science, and problem-solving skills. JVTF also empowers students and their families to cook together with the Family Kitchen program, which is where Cooking Light and sister title Southern Living come in. Ann Taylor Pittman, Cooking Light's Executive Food Editor, and other staffers serve as cooking teachers.
"Every person in the family gets their hands on the food, doing some part of the recipe," Pittman says. "Even the littlest kids can muddle oranges for a homemade soda or tear lettuce."
Emily Cole, Family Kitchen's program coordinator, says empowerment comes from hands-on

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.935915
Retrieved Text: "He thinks everybody eats like him."
A couple of days ago Donald Trump invited The Clemson Tigers football team to the White House to dine on McDonald's and pizza in celebration of their National Championship victory over Alabama.
"Because of the shutdown, you know we have the great Clemson team with us, the national champions. So we went out and we ordered American fast food, paid for by me," Donald said, adding: "Lots of hamburgers, lots of pizza. If it's American, I like it. It's all American stuff. 300 hamburgers, many, many french fries - all of our favorite foods."
Samuel L. Jackson recently did an interview with BET about the Kingsman franchise that sees him playing the villain, Valentine, who also has a love for McDonald's and fast food. The publication asked him if Donald is automatically considered a villain since he shares the same characteristics as his onscreen character.
"It just makes him the ultimate cheap guy, that's all," Samuel replied. "He thinks everybody eats like him, so he figured that was a great, healthy meal. These are teenagers. They want this crap."

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.901009
Retrieved Text: The most delicious hamburger, fries, gluten free bun, and alcoholic milkshake all in one lunch. Must try!
This place is a bar with a kitchen in the back. Only the locals know about this place. Best hamburger on infamous 6 st.
Hamburgers... there may be better in town but this place is old school good burger!
Locally owned, unassuming burger joint. Hamburgers are outstanding.
May look like a 50's burger joint dive on the outside but...it has some of the best hamburgers and shakes Austin has to offer.
Great beer specials, hamburgers, hot dogs and sweet potato fries. Yum.
Beer, sports, locals, loads of fun. The very BEST hamburgers.
Super popular. Great hamburgers. Easy walk.
Dazed and Confused hotspot! Charbroiled hamburgers and authentic drive-up experience.
Awesome, Retro & 5-Star Hamburgers (and chicken). With car hops!
Time period drug store with old fashioned soda fountain and great hamburgers.
Pharmacy with greasy spoon 50's diner inside. Great hamburgers and milkshakes, also has breakfast tacos. Cheap.
Another Austin favorite! They don't carry the usual hamburger so if you're looking to try organic, gourmet burgers you should stop by!
Great neighborhood joint. Good for breakfast and limited but good lunch/dinner place. Hamburgers and chicken fried steaks.
Great little hamburger stand just blocks away.
If you want craft beer go here. They have a small beer garden in back. There have the best hamburgers in town.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.88211
Retrieved Text: Mauro Staccioli (*1937 in Volterra, Italy; † 2018 in Mailano) has been working as a sculptor since 1968. His formal language can be described as Minimalist, but in contradistinction to Minimalism's concentration on material and form, Staccioli includes the spatial context of his sculpture in the creative process as an aspect of his work that has equal validity. In consequence he has developed a working method which is mainly dependent on the site. For this reason his works have less of the stringency of Minimal Art's objective investigation of the material. They incorporate a subjective interpretation of the spatial situation while retaining all Minimalism's clarity of form.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.880938
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wondered, how useful that little pack of baking soda in your kitchen really is? Baking soda is not just useful for leavening but is a very good cleanser. Baking soda in water is used as an antacid. There are several uses which make your work easier. Cleaning, deodorizing, cleaner and softer laundry are among the huge list of applications of baking soda. Baking soda is not at all expensive and is availably naturally. Using it is safe for our environment.
Baking soda added in water makes for a healthy drink if used in right quantity. You can even make a healthy sports drink using baking soda. All you need is a quart of water, a teaspoon baking soda, a tablespoon salt, five teaspoons sugar and one pack of any children’s drink. Mix it and refrigerate to get a healthy drink to quench your thirst.
Baking soda can also be used as a part of your gout diet. For those suffering from gout, it is known to alleviate your gout to a large extent. It can easily be made a part of the gout diet. You need only a half teaspoon of baking soda in six fluid ounces of water. Take it four times a day. One dose preferably before bedtime as our body is found to be more acidic at night time. It works by making uric acid more soluble thus making it’s removal more easy. It may even help in dissolving the MSU gout due to its alkalizing effect. You should keep in mind

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.841568
Retrieved Text: I am writing this for all of us who are dealing with hot temperatures and also for those who will be starting Ramadan. The most important thing to do in heat is to hydrate your self with WATER. Please see the links below because if you believe the corporate lies that Gatorade, Powerade, Vitamin Water, flavored water, juice or soda can hydrate you, you are highly mistaken.
The best thing to do if you plan on being in the heat is to hydrate in the morning with 1 teaspoon of pure sea salt in a bottle of water to begin your day. Maintain a constant intake of water throughout your day.
Many of the young children that are dying while playing sports are due to improper knowledge of nutrition. The many colors of different fruits and vegetables that are in the grocery store represent different nutrients and vitamins that the body NEEDS to do its daily processes. You cannot get those nutrients from hamburgers, hot dogs, burritos, fried chicken, noodles, chips, hot fries, candy or soda. You need to eat plenty fruits and vegetables to be healthy as a human and if you add the athlete’s schedule, it takes more than the average person. BUT, the biggest problem is hydration. Most athletes think that Gatorade, PowerAde and Vitamin Water are good replacement drinks. THEY ARE NOT. These drinks have a lot of coloring and additives that are not natural and they will not hydrate you as well as fruit juice and water. The blue, red, orange, green and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.792948
Retrieved Text: National Hamburger Day is May 28. The average American eats three hamburgers per week, according to mindbodygreen.com. Do the math and you’ll find it adds up to about 50 billion burgers a year eaten in the United States.
While the origin and history of the hamburger may be varied and widely disputed, there is no argument that the addition of cheese to the hamburger was pure genius. Hamburgers have been around a long time and are truly an all-American favorite, but it seems that for as long as we’ve been enjoying hamburgers, we have been adding cheese to them.
I did some unofficial “research” via Facebook on hamburgers versus cheeseburgers. The findings were not a big surprise: cheeseburgers came out as the clear winner. Out of 121 respondents, 83 said, “Add that cheese, please.” Not only is cheese the perfect complement to juicy ground beef burgers, but it also adds calcium and protein along with a lot of flavor.
One thing that surfaced from this unofficial research was the tendency of people watching their weight or counting calories to hold the cheese. Ladies and gentleman, please! There are other ways to make a healthier burger. For example, how about holding the mayo, which adds mostly fat and leaves much to be desired along the lines of flavor? This finding really surprised me since the trends with burgers seem to be adding everything imaginable, such as bacon, fried eggs, chili, fried onion rings, and many other less-than-healthy picks. If you’re counting calories, consider dumping the fries and adding a side

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.731043
Retrieved Text: My very first friend as a married lady refused to have any sugar or white flour in her home.
Everything was made with whole grains and sweetened with honey.
I decided if I was to be a good wife and mama I must do the same.
I had never even heard of Irish Soda Bread before meeting her.
with her healthier whole wheat and honey recipe.
My whole grain and honey phase lasted quite some time.
My grown children still murmur about the "buckwheat" pancakes I used to make them eat.
But nobody ever griped about this simple and delicious bread!
another good friend was one of those ultra couponers.
Again, I decided a good wife and mama clips coupons and spends all day going from store to store so she can get bags of groceries for mere pocket change.
like sugary cereals and prepackaged foods.
Eventually I gave up my couponing "career" and we resumed a more healthy lifestyle.
and fresh fruits and veggies.
However, I do keep sugar and white flour around for the occasions when I make sweets.
My daughters are grown and feeding their children organic and Paleo.
My grandchildren are the ones grumbling to their mamas about the healthy things they have to eat now!
When they come to Nana's house they head straight for the pantry and the Honey Nut Cheerios and Goldfish Crackers.
It's extremely easy to make.
I ate a piece warm from the oven topped with some homemade raspberry jam.
or your hearty Irish stew.
We ate our soda bread with this healthy salad that is a favorite of ours during the spring and summer months.
It's simply

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.686731
Retrieved Text: One of the most effective aspects of beginning our blog site are the good friends that we’ve made in the process … the kindred spirits that share the very same interest for food preparation and also uploading fresh, healthy and balanced food as we do. They’re the sorts of good friends that, while around going to, do not mind being asked to stand up a light diffuser for the excellent shot and also will happily approve their functions as hand versions for your funded barbecue.
Today is a wedding for our good friends Sonja and also Alex of the blog site (and also podcast) A Couple Cooks– their publication Pretty Simple Cooking is out! To commemorate, we made these Falafel Burgers which were definitely scrumptious and also truly rather easy making.
What I such as concerning this dish (and also truly all the dishes in this publication) is that the components are so very easy to locate. Typically falafel dishes ask for chickpea flour, however it’s not essential in these falafel hamburgers which are made with tinned chickpeas, entire wheat flour, carrots, onions, sesame seeds, cilantro, and also a variety of flavors. The blend obtains pulsed with each other in a mixer, the hamburgers obtain a fast sear and after that they end up cooking in the stove. If you desire leftovers, I’m completing the last hamburger for lunch as I kind this– this is a wonderful dish! Oh, and also do not miss the yogurt dill sauce, it’s so scrumptious!
These days, “easy” food preparation usually indicates “quick!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.626276
Retrieved Text: The Healthy Dearborn coalition along with Beaumont Health launched Dearborn's new Healthy Restaurant Program today at Brome Modern Eatery.
Mayor O'Reilly, Beaumont Health, and representatives of the Healthy Dearborn coalition action team 'Healthy Foods' presented the first 13 restaurants in Dearborn that have met the criteria set forth by the Healthy Foods action team. The healthy restaurant criteria was developed by research done by Healthy Dearborn and a registered dietitian.
The initiative is designed to encourage restaurants to provide healthier options to customers.
To receive bronze recognition a healthy restaurant must include at least 30 percent of meals made from options such as whole food ingredients, no preservatives, low-fat/low-sugar, rBGH-free kid’s milk and have at least one vegetarian option.
For silver status, restaurants must meet the bronze criteria and at least four additional criteria. Those include fresh fruit as a dessert option, alternative oil options, one vegan entree, beverage options such as unsweetened teas or infused waters, lifestyle options (halal, kosher, low carbohydrate) and/or allergy-free options.
For gold awards, restaurants have to achieve silver status and at least four options such as organic ingredients, pasta grain alternatives, locally sourced ingredients or partnerships with a local food banks for unused food.
In addition to a certificate of recognition, the restaurants receive a decal for their status level to display in the window of their business. This decal will help residents easily recognize those restaurants that meet the healthy restaurant criteria.
SODA is a represented member of the Healthy Dearborn coalition.
Through our food drive campaign we donated 126 lbs. of food and hygiene items to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.482065
Retrieved Text: A 7 year old worried about being "fat?" Where on earth would such a comment come from?
School. Because of some people's obsession with the "obesity crisis," we're forcing the schools to do things like teach body awareness, measure BMI in kindergarten, incorporate all the stuff from the fitness cult into curriculum's. Kids are being denied soft drinks, sugary snacks, "unhealthy" foods like hamburgers and pizza's, all of which sends a message to children that slim and trim is "good" and overweight is "bad."
In short, by allowing the Nanny-stater's to force our children to fit their mold, we're in the process of creating an entire generation of future anorexic's and bulimic's and teaching them that intolerance toward overweight people is acceptable because,...well....because they're fat. Not only that, but we're allowing them to teach that vanity is OK too.
Do we really want this? Is the "obesity crisis" a good enough excuse to turn your children and grandchildren into adults who may never accept themselves just as they are?
So denying kids soda at school has more of an impact on body image than the mass media?
Soda has been out of the schools for some time now, before this obesity crisis.
And yes, at that age (7) what they tell them at school does have a bigger impact than MSM.
Nothing in the article indicates the child got the idea from school. It does mention that two girls told her she was "kind of fat" at the pool. Kids have called other kids fat long before public schools got involved in health

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.380306
Retrieved Text: When I was 9, my daughter’s age, I remember coming home from school, popping open a Pepsi can and starting my homework. I’d also have soda at dinner, and by the time I got to high school, I was drinking it at lunch too. Times may have changed, but our children’s soda habits have only gotten worse.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention notes that consumption of sugar-filled drinks (like soda) has increased over the last 30 years, and that preteens and teens get more than 200 calories per day from the sweet stuff. “These extra calories contribute to childhood obesity and displace healthy beverages like milk, which contains the calcium and vitamin D that this age group vitally needs,” says Melinda Johnson, dietitian and spokeswoman for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics.
Chances are you didn’t need Johnson to tell you that soda is bad for kids’ health -- and that with all that acid and sugar, it’s also pretty stinky for teeth too. But what really seems daunting is how to get your kid to cut back … or not have it become the default drink in the first place.
Don’t give kids an ultimatum about soda (or any other food or beverage). Demanding that kids never drink soda again only seems to make them want it more. Yes, you can control whether your 6-year-olds have soda or not. But you’re probably out of luck when they reach 16. It’s more important to teach your kid that soda can have a small place in healthy diet

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.323992
Retrieved Text: Never have we thought of baking soda as a cure for cancer. Vernon Johnston used it. He mixed it with molasses to kill the cancer. The cancer was already in his bones.
The sadly got a cancer diagnosis and wanted to change his pH, because the cancer dies in alkaline areas in the body. Then after few weeks, Vernon met a man, Larry, and he told him about cesium chloride that raises a pH value and makes alkalinity in the body.
Vernon wanted to try this so he made an order on internet to het cesium, and not regular meds as so far he did. But, the order got lost and he never got the cesium. He then decided for something else. Somewhere he heard of baking soda and maple syrup. But, since he had no maple at home, he used molasses instead. He was skeptic but still went on with this.
He made a record of every step during this curing in his diary and called the diary “Dance With Cancer”. In it there were healthy diet habits and alkalinity aid tips, also usage of minerals, vitamins and exposing to sun. He even told about practicing good and healthy techniques of breathing and this meant more oxygen to every cell to raise the pH by the baking soda usage.
The experts even say that we feed cancer to thrive with sugary and unhealthy foods so the cells get no oxygen, just sugar. But, this syrup or maple with the baking soda is working in a good way and kills

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.276287
Retrieved Text: The festival offers attendees both sit-down meals and food stands. You'll also find local Wisconsin beer at our Craft Beer Tent. Stoughton's own Viking Brew Pub will be back with their exclusive festival offering Soot in My Eye.
You’ll find traditional Norwegian fare like Krumakake, and some not-so-traditional fare, like the Uff Da Hot Dog. You’re never far from foods of all kinds because food stands and sit-down dinners happen all over town. Stoughton non-profit groups run all the food stands as fundraisers. Please support them and enjoy feasting at the festival!
Enjoy fine craft beers, entertainment, and fine food. The festival is excited to again partner with Wisconsin Brewing Company to bring you the finest Wisconsin beers. Also available on tap will be local flavors from Viking Brew Pub and Mershon’s Cider.
Download their app for easy song requests!
Thank you for supporting the food stands of Stoughton's non-profit groups. You'll find everything from cream puffs, corn on the cob, chicken wraps, and Uff Da dogs, and so much more!
Take a look below at our participating non-profit groups and their menus.
Famous Stoddard brats, veggie brats, hot dogs, strawberry shortcake, soda and water.
Korean short rib taco, Puerto Rican pulled pork taco, ginger garlic chicken taco, blackbean and sweet potato taco, standard beef-lettuce-tomato-cheese taco, Mexican-style corn in a cup, and chips with salsa. All tacos can be converted into a “walking taco.” Pepsi, lemonade or limeade, and water.
Coffee, hot chocolate, soda and water.
Pies: plain or à la mode, cupcakes, hot and cold beverages.
Norwegian meatballs, lefse, varme pølse (Norwegian-style hot dogs), warm

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.224203
Retrieved Text: Sometimes the idea of being healthy, preparing a balanced meal and eating carrot sticks as a snack is not too appealing. Junk food day is a day to eat fast and unhealthy food without guilt. One day a year you can eat pizzas, sausages, hamburgers, and everything sold at fast food chains.
In its early days, McDonald's sold Hot Dog, not a hamburger.
1 in 8 Americans who ever worked used to work at McDonald's.
McDonald's opens another new branch every 14.5 hours.
In McDonald's restaurants around the world eat 69 million people every day. It's more than the entire population of England.
McDonald's is the world's largest distributor of toys for children.
The McDonald's branch near Buckingham Palace belongs to the Queen of England.
McDonald's is not the largest fast food chain in the world. Subway is the largest.
The McDonald's network earns $ 75 million every day.
In 2005 a man named Ronald McDonald robbed a branch of Wendy's, the rival network.
The average employee at McDonald's takes 7 months to earn what the company CEO earns an hour.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.96782
Retrieved Text: Health Burger Recipe grills hamburger patties of toasted wheat germ, milk, ketchup, salt, Tabasco, chopped celery and onion and ground beef then serves on hamburger buns with onion rings to create a unique, healthy and flavorful hamburger.
Hamburger Favorites Recipe makes a very tasty yet simple hamburger using ground beef, pepper, salt and oil served with favorite condiments such as parsley, lettuce, tomato, ketchup or mayonnaise.
Homemade Hamburgers with Relish Recipe creates a very tasty burger patty with shallots, ground meat and ketchup topped with mixture of shallots, garlic, green chili, olive oil and ratatouille then served on buns with lettuce leaves.
Italian Hamburgers Recipe uses lean ground beef, minced onions, Italian seasoning and Worcestershire sauce to form a very flavorful patty for grilling which can also be stuffed with sauteed mushrooms and mozzarella cheese.
Vermouth Hamburgers Recipe makes a robust hamburger patty using vermouth, lean ground beef, minced onion, bread crumbs, bouquet garni and garlic to create this delicious and tasty hamburger recipe.
Chili Hamburgers Recipe uses minced onion, chili powder, dried oregano, hot pepper sauce and garlic powder which are extremely complementary to each other and the end result is a very flavorful and very tasty hamburger.
Zesty Hamburgers Recipe gives you a hamburger with little bits of zesty taste using ground beef, bread crumbs, beef bouillon, lemon peel, lemon juice, salt, sage, ginger, pepper and pepper sauce in creating this delicious hamburger recipe.
Copycat In-N-Out Double-Double Hamburgers use hamburger meat, 1,000 Island Dressing, tomato, lettuce, American cheese, onion and a plain hamburger bun to create this iconic copycat.
Hamburgers with Roquefort

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.950481
Retrieved Text: Vendo Electrical Soda / Beverage Vending Machine for Sale in Maryland!!!
Available is (1) Vendo electrical drink vending machine. Has 10 bottle & can selections and is in very good condition.
Jaf Electrical Snack Vending Machine for Sale in Maryland- New, Never Used!
For sale in Maryland, this is a new, never used JAF electronic snack vending machine with credit / debit card reader.
HY900 Healthy You Combo Snack & Drink Vending Machine for Sale in Maryland!
For sale in Maryland- this is a Healthy You combo snack & drink vending machine in very good condition. . Accepts cash and credit card.
USI CB700 Can Bottle & Soda Vending Machine for Sale in Maryland!!!
For sale in Maryland- this is a 2004 USI CB700 can & bottle soda vending machine in very good condition. 21 selections.
(40) - 2004 Vendstar 3000 Triple Head Bulk Candy Vending Machines!!!
120 bulk candy heads, 40 bulk candy stands. Seller is original owner; machines are in very good condition.
(2) 2012 Fortune - electronic snack & soda vending machines for sale in Maryland. 1 RS and 1 RC available. Appx 19 snack & 6 drink selections. Good condition.
(1) - 2010 Wittern / Vendnet 3521 Glassfront Snack Vending Machines!!!
This is a full size, single temp snack machine. It can vend all types of prepackaged snacks, from chips and cookies to healthier items like granola bars.
Royal Vendors Merlin 2000 Electrical Soda Vending Machine for Sale in Maryland!
For sale in Maryland- this is a Royal Vendors Merlin 2000 can/bottle vendor. Great working condition. This machine will dispense 8 selections 12 oz cans triple

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.880857
Retrieved Text: Big Fernand, the restaurant chain everybody is talking about, is now bringing its hamburgers made in France to the Côte d’Azur. Sacré bleu!
The success of Big Fernand seems to know no limits, and having opened 12 restaurants over the last three years (including one in Hong Kong and one in London), the franchise has now arrived in Nice.
“Don’t eat hamburgers, eat hamburgés”, that’s the motto of this highly successful burger joint and of its founders, Steve Burggraf, Alexandre Auriac and Guillaume Pagliano, three young entrepreneurs from Paris who have taken upon themselves to give a French twist to that most American of fast foods. Using artisan buns baked from a secret recipe, locally-sourced meats (beef, chicken, lamb or veal), unpasteurized cheese (Tomme de Savoie, raclette, goat cheese or Fourme d’Ambert), freshly chopped herbs and homemade sauces, they have really come up with a winning formula.
Take, for instance, Le “Big Fernand”, a burger with Tomme de Savoie cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, parsley and a homemade cocktail sauce, “Le Victor“, a Veal patty covered in Fourme d’Ambert cheese, or “le Bartholomé“, made with juicy beef, with creamy raclette cheese, caramelized onions, bacon chives and BBQ sauce. If none of these sound appealing, you can always make your own, choosing your toppings from a wide variety of fresh ingredients. And as we are talking fast-food here, don’t forget to try the chips, the ‘Fernandines’, which are made on site, accompanied by some homemade soda or organic lemonade, and the traditional puddings.
The only tricky part may be finding a seat. Also,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.87911
Retrieved Text: The OSI Group McDonalds is a market leader in the field of food production and development. The company’s reputation has seen it become a trusted supplier of food products for household brands such as McDonald’s. In recent years, we have become more critical on matters concerning the ingredients that go into our food. It is normal for people to want to know the exact amount of sugar that goes into a particular food product.
Besides, it is people are recommended to know the number of additives and salts that go into making our favorite food items. OSI Group McDonalds is one of the largest distributors of food products in America and abroad. The company’s recent handbook shows that the firm was selling 75 hamburgers every second, a figure that has likely improved over the years. Despite the firm’s monolithic stature, McDonald is still subjected to the same level of scrutiny as any another food processing company.
McDonald’s is best known for its fast foods such as chicken, French fries, hamburgers, and even pizza. The OSI Group McDonalds is the biggest supplier of some of McDonald’s most used food products. There is a man who kept his hamburger in the cupboard for 14 years.
After this duration, the man made a comparison of the current condition of his burger and compared it to the hamburgers condition at the time it was being put into the cupboard. The results show that the burger maintained most of its condition, something that caused speculation that McDonald’s uses a lot of preservatives, a claim

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.850113
Retrieved Text: After the face-off, Wawa reigned supreme for offering food that's worth a trip in itself.
Among history's fabled rivalries, perhaps none is more fiercely contested than Wawa versus Sheetz.
Our quest begins in the parking lot of a Wawa in south Phillipsburg, New Jersey, off Route 22. The gas pumps are plentiful and bustling with activity, but we're more interested in what's inside.
The milkshake and Icee machines, a convenience store classic, are another weft in the rich woven tapestry of Wawa's culinary smorgasbord. Unfortunately, this location's machines are broken — as are our hopes for a refreshing chilled beverage.
Our spirits are lifted as we approach Wawa's digital ordering kiosk, our gateway to the chain's legendary made-to-order sandwiches and more. It implores us to "Select a Variety" — and oh! What variety.
We leave, arms laden with the spoils of the first leg of our quest. Between our intrepid trio, we shared the following: a small meatball hoagie, a tomato-and-cheese panini, a small tomato-and-basil bisque, a bacon avocado club sandwich, a "dirt" parfait, and two Wawa-branded teas.
One misstep, however, is the avocado bacon club. The effort of the previous items is absent. Iceberg lettuce? Undertoasted bread? This isn't the quality cuisine we quickly have come to expect of Wawa.
Fortunately, Wawa regains its footing with a childhood classic that our testers can't resist: the "dirt cup" parfait. Kate Taylor, our resident dirt correspondent, is immediately enamored. Each element is the platonic ideal of pudding: the mousse is airy, the Oreo crumbles retain their crunch, and the worm-to-dirt ratio is golden. While

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.811502
Retrieved Text: If you’re addicted to drinking soda, you’re certainly not alone. Soda cans and bottles hold more than twice as much as they did in 1950, and that extra soda really adds up. With the average American drinking more than fifty gallons of soda, energy drinks, and fruity drinks a year, it’s no wonder we struggle to figure out which is the better choice.
Unfortunately, we all know that drinking soda–whether diet or regular–isn’t the greatest choice for our health. But sometimes you may feel like you need a Coke or a Pepsi to get you through the day. In times of weakness, which is the better choice: diet or regular?
According to the Harvard School of Public Health, the a single can of regular soda can run you up about 150 calories, mostly from the high fructose corn syrup used to sweeten it. Drinking just one can like this a day could help you pack on fifteen pounds over the course of a year. FIFTEEN POUNDS! Regular soda consumption boosts rates of obesity and diabetes, and regular consumption of regular soda is often a risk factor for heart disease. In Harvard’s Nurses’ Health Study, women who drank two or more servings a day of sweet drinks had about a 40% increase in their risk for heart disease related death and heart attacks.
So what about diet soda?
In the short term, the Harvard School of Public Health says that switching from regular to diet soda can help with weight loss, since diet soda doesn’t influence blood sugar levels or come

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: The word "home" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Canadian tariffs enabled United States lumber companies to raise prices at home.
Sentence 2: His home is New Jersey.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.760464
Retrieved Text: MONTREAL, June 20, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - The antidumping duties on Canadian softwood lumber that will be announced Friday by the United States, which could be as high as 10%, will once again penalize Canadian workers and American consumers, according to calculations carried out by the MEI.
Added to countervailing duties of around 20% imposed by the United States in April 2017, this new protectionist measure could reduce Canadian producers' market share. This share was just 27% one month after the imposition of the tariffs, whereas it averaged 32% in 2016. This drop in market share represents monthly losses of $102 million across Canada, including $66 million in British Columbia and $16 million in Quebec.
"The tariffs are already having negative effects, but it is still too soon to evaluate these effects over the long term since there is much uncertainty in the market, with each player pursuing its own strategy," explains Alexandre Moreau, Public Policy Analyst at the MEI. "For the moment, the weakness of the Canadian dollar, the strong demand on the American side, and high prices are allowing Canadian producers to partially absorb the effect of the tariffs."
American consumers, for their part, have certainly felt the effects of this uncertainty. Between January and May 2017, the price of softwood lumber increased by 17% due to speculation and the imposition of tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber. It now costs American consumers an additional US$2,400 for the construction of a single-family home in the United States.
"We all lose with protectionism," adds Mr. Moreau. "Only a small group

########
Rank: 1
Score: 48.26827
Retrieved Text: The United States rekindled an old trade conflict with Canada when it announced Monday that it was slapping new tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber imports.
The US Commerce Department said it had reached a “preliminary determination” that Canada is improperly subsidizing softwood lumber exports to the United States. Softwood lumber is used mainly for home building.
The Commerce Department said that, after talks failed to reach an agreement, it would impose “countervailing duties” of between three and 24 percent.
Furthermore, “certain companies will be subject to the retroactive collection of cash deposits” for up to 90 days.
Officials in Canada, the second most important US trade partner, rejected claims of subsidies.
The US Commerce Department said that in 2016 softwood lumber imports from Canada were valued at $5.66 billion.
Canada “will vigorously defend the interests of the Canadian softwood lumber industry, including through litigation,” it said, adding that it has prevailed in international tribunals on the issue since 1983.
The softwood lumber dispute between Washington and Ottawa has seen many twists and turns for nearly 35 years, with US producers accusing their Canadian counterparts of exporting lumber at subsidized prices.
Canada, the United States and Mexico are part of the North American Free Trade Agreement. However, Canadian softwood exports are regulated under a bilateral agreement reached in 2006, which expired in 2015.
President Donald Trump, who took office in January, spent much of his campaign blasting the NAFTA agreement and stating that he would renegotiate it to get a better deal.
Trump’s campaign attacks focused mainly on Mexico, but recently he has focused on Canada, especially

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.324844
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Money / Business / U.S. vs Canada vs Politics Of Trade Tariffs.
U.S. vs Canada vs Politics Of Trade Tariffs.
(ThyBlackMan.com) The Canadian government, lining the pockets of its dairy producers, imposes high tariffs on American dairy imports. That forces Canadians to pay higher prices for dairy products. For example, Canadians pay $5.24 for a 10.5-ounce block of cheddar. In Washington, D.C., that same amount of cheddar sells for $3.64. Canadians pay $3.99 for a 1-pound container of yogurt. In Washington, D.C., you can get nearly twice as much yogurt for a little over $4. It’s clear that the Canadian government’s tariffs screw its citizens by forcing them to pay higher prices for dairy products.
What should the U.S. response be to Canada’s screwing its citizens? If you were in the Trump administration, you might propose imposing tariffs on soft wood products that Americans import from Canada — in other words, retaliate against Canada by screwing American citizens. Canadian lumber — such as that from pine, spruce and fir trees — is used in U.S. homebuilding. Guess what tariffs on Canadian lumber do to home prices. If you answered that they raise the cost and American homebuyers are forced to pay higher prices, go to the head of the class.
The ruse used to promote producer interests through tariff policy is concern about our large trade deficit. It’s true that we have a large current account trade deficit. However, that’s matched exactly by a very large capital account surplus. Translated, that means Americans buy more

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.150574
Retrieved Text: The Editorial Board, NY Times: The North American Free Trade Agreement is a nearly 25-year-old agreement that needs to be modernized to address new technologies, update intellectual property rights and protect American industry and workers from unfair competition. Instead, President Trump has proposed replacing Nafta with something worse, a vague agreement that could hurt American workers and raise prices for American consumers while antagonizing America’s neighbors.
Under the revised, don’t-call-it-Nafta bilateral deal with Mexico that he awkwardly announced last week, 75 percent of the value of vehicles exported to the United States would have to come from North American-made parts, up from the current 62.5 percent. And 40-to-45 percent of the value would have to be made by workers who earn at least $16 an hour, even though no Mexican autoworkers earn $16 an hour, and none will. Otherwise, Mexican-assembled vehicles would be subject to a 2.5 percent tariff.
The logic here is that auto-related jobs would supposedly flood back to the United States as labor costs rise in Mexico. That logic is dubious. Automakers in Mexico would rather pay the 2.5 percent tariff, figuring it would not raise prices enough to hurt sales seriously. If it did, they could stop making those cars for the American market.
Mr. Trump has particular animus for the dairy industry in Canada. There’s no question that protectionist constraints keep milk prices there high and farmers profitable. The Canadians have pointed to subsidies that American farmers get and are resisting Mr. Trump’s no-compromise demand to throw their cows under the bus. Mr. Trump

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.88809
Retrieved Text: Canadian softwood lumber producers are getting a temporary reprieve as a large portion of preliminary duties in place for four months have ended pending a final decision.
Most lumber companies will pay 6.87 per cent in anti-dumping tariffs after a 19.88 rate for countervailing duties formally ended as of Saturday.
Five producers singled out have paid duties between 9.89 and 30.88 per cent. All others paid 26.75 per cent.
U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced late Monday that the Department of Commerce postponed the final determinations in the anti-dumping duty and countervailing duty investigations of imports of softwood lumber from Canada until no later than Nov. 14.
"I remain hopeful that we can reach a negotiated solution that satisfies the concerns of all parties," Ross said in a statement. "This extension could provide the time needed to address the complex issues at hand and to reach an equitable and durable suspension agreement."
Although countervailing duties formally came off in recent days, Canadian producers have been able to ship products south of the border without CVDs since Aug. 14 by delaying paperwork by up to 10 days, says lumber analyst Hamir Patel of CIBC World Markets.
Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard said Monday that higher lumber prices have raised prices for American consumers buying new homes and hurt U.S., not Canadian, workers.
"It will become more and more apparent that the most threatened jobs by these policies are not Canadian but American jobs in several states, notably in the construction sector," he told reporters after a meeting in Charlottetown between eastern Canadian premiers and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.90625
Retrieved Text: As former senators representing Montana and New Hampshire, both of which border Canada, we experienced firsthand the value in a close relationship with America’s northern neighbor as a friend, strategic ally and trading partner.
While the U.S. and Canada have had policy disagreements about nuanced issues, our strong relationship means that, generally, we work them out. This includes one of today’s most talked about topics: free trade. To work appropriately, free trade must also be fair trade. Otherwise, one side of the trading partnership loses drastically.
There is a very fine line between fair and unfair trade, and finding a balance between the two can take some work. For example, Canada’s domestic policy is to subsidize its lumber producers, thus they produce softwood lumber materials below market prices.
This becomes problematic when Canada exports its lumber to the global market, as it can leverage government subsidies to sell its lumber cheaper than other countries (like the United States), that instead rely on prevailing market rates to price their goods. This is simply unfair and gives Canada an artificial advantage over other producers.
To be clear, we are not advocating for special privileges or advantages for American companies. We firmly believe trade policy should exist to ensure that all parties — domestic and international — are competing on a level playing field. This fosters an economic system where companies thrive because of their own ingenuity, efficiency and skill.
In the case of softwood lumber, Canadian federal and provincial governments subsidize their lumber operations, sheltering producers from market lows and giving advantages during

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.114063
Retrieved Text: A worker transfers steel cables at a steel factory in Qingdao in east China's Shandong province. The Trump administration on Monday, July 16, brought cases against China, the European Union, Canada, Mexico and Turkey at the World Trade Organization for retaliating against American tariffs on imported steel and aluminum.
At first blush, President Donald Trump’s escalating trade war with major Colorado trading partners such as Canada, China, the European Union and Mexico would not appear to have too much impact on a resort area such as Eagle County, with very little agriculture or manufacturing.
After all, we’re not growing a lot of corn in Gypsum or building a lot of cars in Eagle.
But expert observers say the interconnected nature of the global economy means Eagle County is already seeing a spike in the cost of goods ranging from lumber, steel and aluminum in construction to tech products to food in local grocery stores and restaurants.
Chris Romer, president and CEO of the local Vail Valley Partnership chamber of commerce, echoed the sentiments of the national chamber.
“Retaliatory tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. exports will make American-made goods more expensive, resulting in lost sales and, ultimately, lost jobs here,” Romer said. “Tariffs are simply a fear-based response to an age-old problem.
Trump has already imposed a 25 percent tariff on $34 billion in Chinese goods, which prompted retaliation on an equal amount of American goods by China. In an effort to reduce the $375 billion trade deficit with China, the United States is now considering tariffs on an additional $200

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.100903
Retrieved Text: Why spend $1 for 65¢ worth of material?
You pay No state sales tax, you pay No US Import duties of 31%, and you receive a Currency Exchange Credit... which all together, saves you thousands of dollars!"
All our homes use "panelized," pre-built wall panels, stairs and a pre-cut roofing system which cuts building time and saves thousands in labor and building costs.
The best lumber comes from Canada, at the best price. But big local lumber yards like "Lowes" and "Home Depot" pay 31% more to import Canadian lumber.
The result: This costs you thousands more for lumber, labor and higher building costs!
Reprint Courtesy, "The Washington Post"
As US lumber prices continue to rise, US companies offering building materials packages from Canada can save consumers thousands of dollars when it's time to build.
Under "NAFTA," the North American Free Trade Agreement, US companies with mills and suppliers in Canada can ship top-quality lumber, plywood and other building materials at prices up to 38% less than the prices charged by your local lumber store or building center.
Here's why: To protect the large US lumber producers, the US government charges 31% in duties and import fees on all Canadian lumber, plywood and building materials. But for US companies operating under NAFTA, there are no tariffs and no import fees. And no state sales tax.
Canada has long been recognized for high quality lumber and plywood... the main building components in every home.
With interest rates near record lows, saving thousands in building costs can be another incentive for customers to build the home or vacation

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.79792
Retrieved Text: The U.S. has slapped duties on lumber imports from Canada—yet again. These duties average almost 20 per cent. Worse, the duties apply retroactively from January 28 to April 27. This is likely to hurt the profitability of some Canadian lumber producers.
We last published our Canadian forestry stocks survey in November, 2016. At that time, we wrote: “In 2017 . . . we expect forestry stocks to face challenges. One is growing protectionist sentiment in the U.S.” Indeed, the U.S. is imposing duties averaging almost 20 per cent on imports of Canadian lumber.
It’s possible that some American companies will protest against these duties. Home builders, for instance, will face substantially higher costs for their lumber. Home-improvement chains such as The Home Depot and Lowe’s Companies sell lumber to consumers. Significantly higher prices is likely to reduce their profit margins and demand for lumber.
Then again, the American, Canadian, Japanese, Chinese and some European economies continue to grow—albeit more slowly than before the financial crisis of 2008.
Canada’s trade agreement with the European Union could open up new opportunities for Canadian forestry producers.
Until this trade agreement gains traction, the U.S., China and Japan are likely to remain Canada’s top markets for exports of forestry products.
Western Forest Products (TSX—WEF) says China and Japan are its “key markets”. That’s likely why it’s doing relatively well. The company says Chinese urbanization has created a need to build 20 million new homes a year. Pacific Rim demand for lumber may rise since wood homes are safer than concrete buildings during Asian earthquakes.
Policy makers worldwide

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.759876
Retrieved Text: President Donald Trump imposed a tariff on importing Canadian softwood lumber. Tariffs between 3 and 24.1 percent are to be imposed on five Canadian lumber companies: West Fraser Mills, Tolko Marketing and Sales, J.D. Irving, Canfor Corporation and Resolute FP Canada.
The lumber tariff originates from suspicions that Canadian lumber companies have been receiving unfair subsidies from their government since the 1980s. The hope is to offset this advantage with tariffs to make US lumber companies competitive.
Canadian lumber firms and government officials have criticized this decision, which could cost Canadian firms thousands of jobs. Resolute FP denied receiving any subsidies, calling the allegations "baseless and unfounded."
The move that sparked Trump's action stemmed from US and Canadian talks about dairy tariffs. US milk exports can face tariffs as high as 292%, according to Canada's Agriculture Department. These tariffs may change once renegotiations of NAFTA begin.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.572006
Retrieved Text: (MENAFN - AFP) Canada announced Monday it will appeal the World Trade Organization's approval of a controversial method the US uses for calculating tariffs in a trade spat over lumber.
A WTO Dispute Settlement Body panel last week rejected Ottawa's argument that the US use of the method known as "zeroing" violated international trade rules.
In a statement, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said: "The WTO has ruled more than 20 times (in the past) that zeroing, a method of calculating and applying artificially high and unfair duty rates, is inconsistent with WTO rules."
The United States has repeatedly lost cases before the WTO over its use of zeroing, which calculates the price of imports compared to the normal value in the United States to determine predatory pricing.
But in its ruling last Tuesday, the WTO panel "agreed with the United States that such type of zeroing is permissible" in cases where targeted dumping is suspected.
The repeated rulings by the WTO appeals body especially against the use of zeroing had been one of Washington's main complaints against the global trade body.
It is one of the issues mentioned by Washington to justify its blocking of appointments of new judges to the appellate branch of a WTO dispute panel, which could force it to shut down by the end of this year.
Canadian softwood lumber has been a source of conflict in US-Canadian trade for more than three decades.
Ottawa brought its latest trade dispute with the United States over the US softwood lumber tariffs to the WTO in November 2017, after the US Commerce

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.391148
Retrieved Text: Traiffs announced by the Trump administration last week would raise the cost of building materials and hinder home construction of affordable homes.
Homebuyers in the U.S. were already facing significant hurdles to the American dream in 2018: higher interest rates, rising values, news tax laws and increased labor costs in the construction industry.
The headwinds will be that much stronger if President Trump goes ahead with new tariffs on steel and aluminum, housing experts say.
"Tariffs could measurably raise the cost of building materials and hinder home construction of affordable homes," Lawrence Yun, chief economist of the National Association of Realtors, said in a statement.
Homebuilders are struggling to keep up with the demand for housing, and most metro areas of the country are woefully short of available homes -- despite residential construction rising to a 10-year high last year.
The Trump administration has already imposed duties of as much as 21 percent on Canadian lumber, which accounts for about a third of the softwood used in home construction in the U.S. According to Bloomberg, lumber prices are up more than 30 percent.
The levies the president announced last week could add 25 percent to the price of steel, which is used in flooring and foundations in single-family homes and parking garages and elevator shafts in most multi-family projects.
That will mean higher costs for homebuilders, said Randy Noel, chairman of the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB), which would be passed along to homebuyers.
“This announcement by the president could not have come at a worse time," he said. "Tariffs hurt consumers and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.35991
Retrieved Text: Thirty years ago; Canada and the United States negotiated their first, supposed “free trade agreement”, the Canada – United States Free Trade Agreement. One of the key trade irritants between the two nations at the time was the softwood lumber dispute between Canada and the U.S.
The nexus of the dispute was the claim by the U.S. that there was an intrinsic price for softwood lumber, totally independent of market fundamentals, and the U.S. insisted that its own calculation of that (arbitrary) number was the “correct price” for softwood lumber. As a result, any Canadian softwood lumber sold into the U.S. below this arbitrary number was deemed to be “subsidized” and then hit with punitive U.S. tariffs.
Supposedly, the initial Canada/U.S. trade agreement had a dispute resolution mechanism. The problem was that the panel which heard such disputes was only able to issue non-binding decisions – the proverbial toothless tiger.
Thirty years later; nothing has changed. The U.S. continues to assess punitive duties on Canadian softwood lumber exports to the U.S. It continues to insist that it is able to dictate the “correct price” (the U.S. price) for softwood lumber, irrespective of the supply/demand fundamentals for Canadian producers. The U.S. position is totally outside of all previous precedents when it comes to assessing tariffs on natural resource products.
The U.S. has lost several hearings on this issue but simply refuses to rescind its tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber. The bottom line is that though there is supposed “free trade” between the U.S. and Canada, Canadian softwood lumber producers are limited

########
Rank: 13
Score: 41.008022
Retrieved Text: That the current crop of politicians don’t understand trade and tariffs is well known. Donald Trump and his administration really do seem to be labouring under the impression that imports make us all poorer. Entirely the wrong way around of course, imports are what make us richer, they’re the very point in having trade in the first place. We only send our own labour off overseas in order to gain access to what Johnny Foreigner can do better and cheaper than we can.
However, we might expect the distinguished politicians of earlier generations to have a better grasp on this but sadly not as Jimmy Carter has shown. This concerns those tariffs on the Canadian softwood imports. As I’ve pointed out before charging a tax upon such imports raises the price of such softwood in the US. Which makes houses–the US building style uses a lot of such wood–more expensive. This is not known as a way of making the populace richer, making it more expensive to build a place to come in out of the rain.
Think through that allegation there. Canadian people pay taxes, which the Canadian government uses to subsidise lumber, which means that houses in the United States are cheaper. You can see why the Canadian hordes might not be all that keen on this but why on Earth would Americans object? Don’t they like cheap houses or something?
Someone really needs to sit Donald Trump down with the standard entry level textbook. The point of trade is to get imports and the cheaper the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.074295
Retrieved Text: As tariff tiffs ratchet up between the United States and its key trading partners, especially China, economists are warning of the potential for a full-blown trade war and global economic crisis — and everyone from American manufacturers to farmers are increasingly on edge about what the future holds. But consumers ought to worry, too.
President Trump announced Monday he would press ahead with tariffs on another $200 billion worth of Chinese imports, on top of $50 billion already taxed earlier this year — meaning nearly half of all goods imported from China will be subject to trade duties. This new wave of tariffs will start at 10 percent on Sept. 24, before climbing to 25 percent at year’s end. Experts expect China will take retaliatory action on American exports, though Trump threatened to slap tariffs on another $267 billion in Chinese goods in response.
What does this escalation mean for you? By many accounts, a heightened trade war would not only increase costs for U.S. businesses, it would also hurt the average American consumer by way of increased prices and even jobs losses.
A trade war would impact Americans in a number of ways. Perhaps the most obvious is that U.S. tariffs on goods from other countries increase the prices of products we import from that country.
In addition, anything in the supply chain that’s hit with a tariff will result in prices being nudged upward. “So, if we put tariffs on steel or aluminum, any product with steel or aluminum increases in cost,” continued Harvey.
One reason countries raise tariffs

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.59523
Retrieved Text: OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada will retaliate against any U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum products, officials said on Thursday, as Ottawa faced what could be one of the biggest economic threats since Donald Trump became president.
Trump unveiled the tariffs on Thursday but did not make clear whether they would apply to Canada and Mexico, which together with the United States are trying to renegotiate the 24-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement.
She did not give details, and Canadian officials were not immediately available for comment on what measures she might have in mind.
Canada sends 75 percent of its goods exports to the United States and would be vulnerable if a trade war erupted. Canada is also the largest supplier of both steel and aluminum to the United States.
Miner Rio Tinto, the largest producer of aluminum in Canada, Alcoa Corp and the United Steelworkers union, which represents workers in both the United States and Canada, all said Canada should be spared from any tariffs.
A Canadian government official, asked whether Ottawa would be pressing for an exemption, said “Our efforts have never diminished nor altered” since the question of possible steel tariffs first emerged last year.
Canada buys more American steel than any other country, accounting for 50 percent of U.S. exports, and the steel and aluminum industry is highly integrated, Freeland said.
Joseph Galimberti, president of the Canadian Steel Producers Association, said there was still room for Canada to be granted an exemption.
“The government has been quite active ... in putting forward the case for our exemption and we expect

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.958885
Retrieved Text: When the metal tariffs were announced in March, Trump administration officials suggested that an exemption might be available for Canada and Mexico if they moved toward a deal to update the North American Free Trade Agreement.
TORONTO — The new North American trade pact may have patched up one open trade wound, but for Canadian auto businesses, tariffs on steel and aluminum remain a festering sore.
When the metal tariffs were announced in March, Trump administration officials suggested that an exemption might be available for Canada and Mexico if they moved toward a deal to update the North American Free Trade Agreement, creating linkage between the two issues. But no deal was reached then, and when the tariffs took effect in May, no exemption was made.
And now, even after the countries agreed to terms on the new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, the 25 per cent tariff on imported steel and the 10 per cent tariff on aluminum remain in place. Canada's retaliatory tariffs on U.S. steel, aluminum and other products also remain.
Nantais: Costs hit all countries.
Mark Nantais, president of the Canadian Vehicle Manufacturers' Association, said the tariffs would continue raising costs for automakers if left unaddressed. The association represents the Canadian operations of the Detroit 3, which combine to run five assembly plants in the country.
"Those tariffs continue to be a problem, in the sense of raising costs for companies in all three countries, including the United States," Nantais said. "We hope it will be resolved."
Canadian businesses were nonetheless relieved last week that their negotiators were able to reach an

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.909218
Retrieved Text: Wyden pit-stopped at a Roseburg Forest Products mill in Dillard Tuesday morning to share the latest on talks to hammer out the agreement, which would succeed the Softwood Lumber Agreement that limits the amount of lumber Canada can export to the U.S.
The agreement, which was ratified in 2006, expired last October and gave way to lumber from the neighbors up north to come pouring in. According to Grady Mulberry, CEO of Roseburg Forest Products, lumber from Canada is up 43 percent since the deal expired and prices have been driven down by nearly a quarter on the dollar. “It’s certainly very impactful on Oregon mills like ours and it certainly makes it very hard for us to compete,” Mulberry said.
The last agreement was established in 2006, but trade deals over lumber between Canada and the U.S. reportedly date back to the 1980s. Domestic lumber companies have contended that harvests up north were aided by subsidies from the Canadian government and created a product too cheap for local companies to compete with.
But the pact expired last fall, bringing along with it a one-year freeze on trade tariffs and paving the way for Canadian companies to import freely until this October. With that deadline approaching, some fear what will happen to the domestic market if a deal isn’t struck soon.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.76255
Retrieved Text: The United States: Hurricanes Harvey and Irma trimmed US economic activity in September, slowing manufacturing output. However, the nation’s economy remains resilient. Here is a comment from IHS Markit.
Credit: The Toys R Us filing has catapulted this year’s DIP financing to the highest level since 2009.
China: Goldman expects to see inflows in August – for the first time since 2014.
Commodities: The US protectionist move against Canada’s lumber hasn’t worked out as intended. Lumber prices soared as Canadian firms pass the tariffs (and higher margins) to the buyers. New US homes will become more expensive.
The United Kingdom: Here is the regional breakdown of UK’s economic activity.
Emerging Markets: Economists are projecting a strong quarter for emerging markets’ economic growth.
The Eurozone: Germany’s far-right party (Alternative for Germany) won nearly 13.5% of the vote. The traditional coalition, which has been in place for years, no longer has the votes to form a government.
All of a sudden, Germany has some political uncertainty ahead – which is not great news for the euro. Will traders begin paying more attention to the rate differential between the Eurozone and the US?
Food for Thought: Advertising revenue trends.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.66088
Retrieved Text: The escalating conflict between the world's two largest economies has rattled markets and companies, which fear disruption to their global supply chains.
A paper published by Canadian think tank the CD Howe Institute suggests that Mr Trump's threats are having an effect on USA manufacturing by using "uncertainty as a new weapon in trade protection".
Stocks are trading lower at midday Tuesday on fresh worries about a trade dispute between the USA and China, although they've recovered somewhat from an early slump. "But the United States will no longer be taken advantage of on trade by China and other countries in the world".
China's proposed tariffs on United States petroleum imports, part of a mounting trade war between the two countries, would crimp sales to the shale industry's largest customer, adding new pressure on US crude prices, energy executives and analysts said in interviews this week.
Canada has pledged $16.6 billion in countermeasures to respond to USA tariffs on Canadian steel and aluminum.
Oxford Economics estimates that if President Donald Trump imposed the $200 billion in duties that he threatened to implement late Monday, and China responded in kind, US growth could slow by 0.3 percentage point next year. Combined, the potential tariffs on Beijing could cover $450 billion - a sum equal to 89 percent of Chinese goods imported to the United States a year ago.
"The tariffs announced thus far should have relatively small macro effects, but there is clearly a risk of further escalation", its analysts wrote in a note late Sunday.
"China apparently has no intention of changing its

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.629837
Retrieved Text: Ranjit Sharma is a custom home builder, who specializes in upscale houses with fine trim and old world woodwork.
His company, Copper Creek Homes in Blue Ash, Ohio, has been on a tear the past 5 years, thanks to the soaring housing market.
But he now worries about rising prices from tariffs on Canadian lumber, that have sent the price of the beams, joists, and other wood he uses up almost 10% this year.
"Everything from the framing, to the roofing, to the interior trim," he said," has had price hikes."
It's not just tariffs causing the price spike: Western wildfires and last year's hurricanes in Texas and Florida are also causing many of Sharma's suppliers to raise prices on materials like drywall.
"We have also seen prices on steel, drywall, flooring, concrete, and just about everything go up," he said.
And these soaring prices can impact you not only if you are building a new home, but even if you are just rehabbing your kitchen, or replacing your back deck.
Outside a Home Depot store in Deerfield Township, Jack Allen was loading supplies to build a deck and fence.
He says the price of cedar, that he was hoping to use for the fence, has almost doubled in the past year.
"Can't afford a cedar fence any longer. Each picket is about $4, and there are two pickets every one foot."
As a result, he's downgrading to cheaper pressure treated lumber, which will lower his fence cost by a third.
For now, builder Ranjit Sharma is not passing along the price hikes to his home buyers.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.624268
Retrieved Text: Cedar planks are stacked at a lumber yard, Tuesday, April 25, 2017 in Montreal.
WASHINGTON – Canada is prepared to pursue a permanent settlement in softwood lumber within the North American Free Trade Agreement if the U.S. lumber industry keeps blocking a deal, Canada’s ambassador to the U.S. suggested Thursday.
David MacNaughton expressed frustration at the industry using what is effectively its veto power to block any deal between the national governments and he raised the possibility of working around it to achieve a long-term solution.
Free trade in softwood lumber has never been part of any continental trade pact and the Canadian government has been wary of injecting it into this current negotiation, fearful that adding a contentious issue would make the already complex talks that much more difficult.
“We’re open to anything that’s going to resolve it. Because it’s just crazy right now,” MacNaughton said, when asked about adding softwood into NAFTA.
The reason the U.S. industry has veto power over any deal is that part of any softwood agreement would require it to sign away its right to launch trade actions against Canada.
The American industry alleges unfair subsidies in Canada and about once a decade launches trade actions, which lead to duties on lumber imports, higher prices, and years of international litigation, before there’s a new temporary deal.
MacNaughton accused the industry of dragging its feet because it serves its own financial interest: “They’re making a lot of money right now,” he said during a public forum organized by Politico.
He called it unfortunate that U.S. consumers have no say

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.449474
Retrieved Text: Uh Oh Canada: Trump Starts Up With Our Neighbors to the North; Marissa Mayer Walks Away Golden; Nasdaq Yowza!
As if things weren’t awkward enough between the President and Mexico, now it’s the U.S.’s relations with Canada that are getting the Trump treatment. This time it’s Canada’s lumber industry that’s getting caught up in the import debate as the President’s plan calls for a tariff of up to 24% on Canada’s lumber products. Canadian lumber companies are pretty ticked off and Canada’s Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, is itching to fight back. Just how remains to be seen. In case you didn’t know, Canada is the world’s largest soft-wood lumber exporter and the U.S. is its biggest customer, reportedly importing $6 billion worth of the resource just in 2016. But here’s where things get dicey, well for the U.S. anyway – shares of home-building companies took a very unwelcome dive on the soft-lumber dispute, as Wall Street realized raw materials could get a whole a lot pricier. That will likely end up leading to a very unpleasant domino effect on other related industries. If you’re looking to buy a home, take note that this Canada lumber is issue is sending home prices up as well. Incidentally, Canada is going to stop importing U.S. dairy products, as a sort of retaliatory action. Sort of. But basically, this means dairy farmers are getting screwed here too. And don’t you hate when that happens? On the flip side, U.S. lumber producers said that cheap lumber imports from Canada, which are they

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.403297
Retrieved Text: Wednesday. U.S. Senator Doug Jones (D-Alabama) praised the decision by the International Trade Commission (ITC) to halt the tariffs on newsprint from Canada imposed by the Trump Administration earlier this year. Senator Jones has consistently fought against these tariffs due to what he claims are the significant impacts they have had on small community newspapers throughout Alabama and the United States.
The tariffs were initially imposed in response to a complaint to the U.S. Department of Commerce made by a hedge fund-owned paper manufacturer, North Pacific Paper Company (NORPAC), in Washington State, that claimed that Canadian government subsidies allowed their producers to sell newsprint at unfairly low prices.
In April, Senator Jones wrote a letter to U.S. Department of Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross calling for an end to the tariffs, and he cosponsored bipartisan legislation to suspend the tariffs while the Commerce Department examined the impacts of the tariffs on the printing and publishing industry. Sen. Jones even testified at a hearing of the ITC on this issue. Jones testified that there would be devastating consequences for newspapers, particularly those that operate in small or rural communities, if the tariffs remained in place.
Canadian newsprint producers began paying six percent more to export their products to the U.S. in January after the Commerce Department investigation concluded that would help offset the foreign paper mills’ advantage over American companies. In March, the tariff was increased by another 22 percent.
The United States and Canada are in intense negotiations to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. This decision by the ITC

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.918427
Retrieved Text: In the iconic film, Groundhog Day, the hero is obliged to relive the day's events over and over again. That also describes the softwood-lumber dispute between Canada and the United States.
The two most important points to understand about the latest round in this never-ending dispute are these. First, it was not triggered by U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive "America First" agenda. The dispute, in its current form, dates back to the early 1980s (some would say 1880s) and is now in its fifth iteration. Groundhog Day, indeed. Second, it truly has little to do with Canadian resource-management practices, although these have long been used as the pretext by U.S. industry protectionists and their agents in successive administrations and U.S. Congresses. Imports from Canada reduce lumber prices in the United States, to the benefit of American home buyers and builders, but at the expense of producers. It is worth billions of dollars to these producers to be able to raise prices without fear of being undercut by more efficient producers from the north. And a small fraction of those billions is enough to buy the highest-priced lawyers, lobbyists and legislators.
The Canadians used the newly established machinery of the free-trade agreement to arbitrate the dispute, and the panel ruled in Canada's favour and tossed out the case. After further machinations, the Americans agreed to drop the pretexts and settled for an arrangement to limit imports from Canada to just less than 35 million cubic metres per annum – enough, they believed, to keep U.S. prices up. When that

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.82911
Retrieved Text: Canadian lumber company Resolute Forest Products Inc RFP.N said its move to temporarily lay off 1,282 employees was related to the United States’ decision last month to impose preliminary anti-subsidy duties on imports of Canadian softwood lumber.
“Real people are now being impacted by the baseless actions of the U.S. Department of Commerce. They not only hurt Canadians, as demonstrated clearly with these actions, but American Consumers are also hit hard by market volatility,” Resolute Forest’s spokesman Seth Kursman told Reuters on Monday.
The U.S. tariffs, which affect nearly $5.66 billion worth of imports of construction material, were imposed at a time when the two countries and Mexico are preparing to renegotiate the 23-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement.
Canadian firms affected by the tariff include West Fraser Timber Co Ltd WFT.TO, Canfor Corp CFP.TO, Conifex Timber Inc CFF.TO, Western Forest Products Inc WEF.TO and Interfor Corp IFP.TO, apart from Resolute Forest Products.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.79098
Retrieved Text: The U.S. is in the midst of negotiations with Canada over an agreement on Canadian lumber imports. Many U.S. sawmill owners argue that the Canadian mills receive government subsidies on government-owned lands, making it difficult for the U.S. market to compete. The 2006 softwood lumber trade agreement, meant to level the playing field, expired last year and a one-year freeze on tariffs, a tax on imported goods and services, ends in October. The uncertainty of new tariffs is affecting Southeast timber.
The U.S. and Canadian governments have been at odds for decades on whether Canadian sawmills receive government subsidies, particularly “stumpage” fees, a tax on harvested trees. Mills in the states say that gives Canadian producers an unfair advantage in the U.S. market.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.594284
Retrieved Text: President Trump announced on Tuesday that the U.S. was withdrawing from the multilateral nuclear accord between the U.S., Iran, Russia, China, and European allies, maintaining a campaign promise. He also announced that his administration would impose harsh sanctions on Iran, which could affect European companies who have invested heavily in Iranian businesses.
Fears of larger conflicts shot energy markets higher, with crude oil approaching $72 per barrel for the first time since 2014. Higher oil prices drove gasoline and diesel prices to multiyear highs as well, rising by more than 5 cents per gallon this week.
On Thursday, the USDA updated its monthly Supply & Demand estimates, showing a much tighter supply outlook for soybeans.
The USDA is projecting much lower global soybean production than most analysts had anticipated, and expects that U.S. stockpiles could be as low as 415 million bushels at the end of next summer, compared with expectations of 535 million bushels.
This caused a brief rally in the market, but by Friday, soybeans had tumbled to a five-week low at $10.02 per bushel, driven primarily by ongoing concerns that trade disputes will hurt Chinese demand for U.S. beans.
Lumber prices continued rattling higher this week, topping $600 per thousand board feet for the first time in history. U.S. tariffs against Canadian lumber imports, which account for one third of our lumber demand, have restricted the supply of wood coming into the U.S., while rapid new home construction is increasing demand.
Over the last three years, lumber prices have nearly tripled, rising from a mere $215 in September 2015

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.21226
Retrieved Text: British Columbia’s major lumber producers continue to book substantial profits on near record lumber prices almost a year after the U.S. Department of Commerce first hit Canadian producers with punishing duties.
The benchmark price for 1,000 board-feet of top-quality western Canadian two-by-fours hit US$540 about a month ago, according to the trade publication Madison’s Lumber Reporter, compared with US$315 at the start of 2017 before U.S. interests re-ignited the ongoing trade dispute.
Bottlenecks in rail transportation plaguing all industries are one reason lumber prices have spiked so high, but solid demand has also allowed producers to simply pass the price of tariffs along to consumers in prices, said Susan Yurkovich, president of the B.C. Lumber Trade Council.
“It just reminds everyone that the fact the U.S. industry is claiming it has been injured is just preposterous,” Yurkovich said.
The U.S. case is that Canadian, particularly British Columbian, lumber producers are unfairly subsidized because the province’s methods of granting access to Crown-owned timber doesn’t constitute a fair market, allowing B.C. producers to undercut American mills.
Last year, however, B.C.’s lumber production shrank slightly due in large part to the record wildfires that interrupted logging and burned timber supplies.
B.C.’s total lumber exports fell nine per cent to 25.3 million cubic metres in 2017 with shipments to the U.S., the province’s biggest customer, down 10 per cent to 16.1 million cubic metres.
“We’ve always predicted there would be a shortage of lumber in North America,” said Russ Taylor, publisher of trade publication Wood Markets.
That is because B.C. has to reduce timber harvests for several decades

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.155457
Retrieved Text: The new trade deal between the U.S., Canada and Mexico that will replace the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, or USMCA, has the potential to yield positive developments regarding the ongoing U.S.-Canada lumber trade dispute.
All three nations must still ratify the new agreement.
Under NAFTA, the Chapter 19 mechanism has been successfully used by Canada in the past to challenge the U.S. on its softwood lumber trade restrictions.
NAHB Chairman Randy Noel has sent a letter to President Trump urging him to negotiate now.
There is no justification for Trump’s tariffs on Canadian soft lumber.
There is, if the tariffs have been lopsided like we’ve seen with China and other countries.
There is no justification for the US to be subjected to unfair trading practices. Be thankful for the economy because people with jobs buy houses. I am thankful for regulation changes that make borrowing money to develop and build possible. Private builders are unleashed. Trade with the USA and Canada, including lumber, will be back to normal soon. A small amount of pain for a whole lot of gain for different segments of our economy.
I agree 100% . We need to look at the big picture.
How about all the tariffs and limits that Canada puts on us?
Trump is winning against Canada’s one sided dealings.
The tariffs imposed on lumber is part of a much bigger picture that has gotten the US in a much better position in regards to trade. Though you are correct that it wasn’t necessary to put them on lumber, it has

================



======= Instance Index 10 =========
Input Text: The word "inclination" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The alkaline inclination of the local waters.
Sentence 2: An inclination of his head indicated his agreement.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.114155
Retrieved Text: n. 1. Direction or course toward any place, object, effect, or result; drift; causal or efficient influence to bring about an effect or result.
Writings of this kind, if conducted with candor, have a more particular tendency to the good of their country.
In every experimental science, there is a tendency toward perfection.
Noun 1. tendency - an attitude of mind especially one that favors one alternative over others; "he had an inclination to give up too easily"; "a tendency to be too strict"
2. tendency - an inclination to do something; "he felt leanings toward frivolity"
3. tendency - a characteristic likelihood of or natural disposition toward a certain condition or character or effect; "the alkaline inclination of the local waters"; "fabric with a tendency to shrink"
4. tendency - a general direction in which something tends to move; "the shoreward tendency of the current"; "the trend of the stock market"

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.762365
Retrieved Text: Media is packed with discussions about Wilbur Ross and NAFTA. US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has recently indicated the US will soon begin formally renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). The announcement came close upon the heels of his being confirmed to head the Commerce Department in Donald Trump’s new administration and concerned some who believe the US is vying for a trade war with Mexico. What Wilbur Ross does next is somewhat unknown, yet his comments in recent weeks leave room for optimism.
One thing we can be sure of is Ross will not leave NAFTA on the back burner. The newly confirmed secretary quickly stated in his first interview as Commerce Secretary that the US will be proactive on trade, emphasizing the importance of negotiating positive deals that will benefit the US – starting with NAFTA.
The US government is legally bound to notify Congress at least 90 days before signing any international trade agreement, and the new cabinet official indicated in March that such a notice would be forthcoming within a matter of weeks. This would put the beginning of talks in July of this year, 2017. The notification is part of the fast-track negotiating authority delegated to the executive branch by Congress, and requires only an up or down vote from Congress.
Based on previous statements made by Wilbur Ross and NAFTA, it is possible to ascertain what future changes to NAFTA might entail. While talks have yet to begin or even be officially called for, many of the following items and visions

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.332144
Retrieved Text: It is written, “And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau to brother” (Gen 32:4). Referring to the Midrash, Rashi explains: “these messengers were literally angels” (Bereshith Rabba 75:4).
1. Why did Jacob send messengers to his brother? Couldn’t he have approached him directly, even by surprise, and meet him without being preceded by messengers?
2. If he wanted to know about his brother’s arrival, why do it through the intermediary of angelic messengers? Why not just use regular messengers? If it was to impress and scare his brother, he could have at first simply sent regular messengers, and then afterwards sent angelic ones to frighten him. Concerning the verse that states, “What do you mean by all this camp that I met?” (Gen 33:8), the Sages say, “The angels struck Esau several times” (Bereshith Rabba 78:11).
3. Before sending messengers, it is stated that Jacob “divided the people that were with him … into two camps” (Gen 32:8). Why divide the members of his family into two camps? If the angels served and watched over him, surely G-d Himself was with him. What was he afraid of? Moreover, Jacob was afraid of Esau to the point of calling him “my lord”, as it is stated, “Thus you shall say to my lord, to Esau” (Gen 32:5). What was Jacob so afraid of that he accorded so much honor to Esau in calling him “my lord”?
It is written, “And the first came out red … and they called his name Esau. And after that his brother came out, and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.995914
Retrieved Text: In a clinical setting, a visual evaluation of post-implant radiographs is often used to assess the restoration of glenohumeral joint anatomy after resurfacing hemiarthroplasty and is a part of the decision-making process, in combination with other parameters, when evaluating patients with inferior clinical results. However, the reliability of this method of visual evaluation has not been reported. The aim of this study was to investigate the inter- and intra-observer agreement among experienced shoulder surgeons assessing overstuffing, implant positioning, and size following resurfacing hemiarthroplasty using plain standardized radiographs.
Six experienced shoulder surgeons independently classified implant inclination, size of the implant and if the joint seemed overstuffed, in 219 cases of post-implant radiographs. All cases were classified twice 3 weeks apart. Only radiographs with an anterior-posterior projection with a freely visible joint space were used. Non-weighted Cohen’s kappa values were calculated for each coder pair and the mean used as an estimate of the overall inter-observer agreement.
The overall inter-observer agreement for implant size (kappa, 0.48 and 0.41) and inclination angle was moderate in both rounds (kappa, 0.46 and 0.44), but only a fair agreement was found concerning the evaluation for stuffing of the joint (kappa, 0.24 and 0.28). Intra-observer agreement for implant size and stuffing ranged from fair to substantial while the agreement for inclination was moderate to substantial.
Our results indicate that a visual evaluation of plain radiographs may be inadequate to evaluate overstuffing, implant positioning, and size following resurfacing hemiarthroplasty using plain standardized radiographs. Future studies may contribute to elucidate whether reliability increases if consensus on clear definitions

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.933346
Retrieved Text: We (the signers of this petition) have serious concerns relating to the circumstances surrounding Willie's death. On the 30th anniversary of his death we are asking for the Lord Advocate Frank Mulholland QC to approve the long overdue Fatal Accident Inquiry.
Willie McRae was a Scottish naval officer, lawyer, politician and activist involved in numerous campaigns.
At the time of his death, he was under constant surveillance by MI5/Special Branch. Retired policeman Donald Morrison (on duty at the time) saw them following Willie on a Friday afternoon - he was found the following morning with a fatal gunshot to the head. In the weeks leading up to Willie's death Donald saw files being removed from Willie's office and taken to a police station to be copied. This was done without Willie's knowledge.
Had Willie died at his place of work, while under arrest, or in prison, a Fatal Accident Inquiry would have been mandatory. Willie McRae’s mistake was to die while under highly aggressive surveillance by MI5/Special Branch.
In addition to Donald's testimony the Scotland on Sunday recently discovered the following a- The car was removed from the scene and then taken back b- Witness statements were fabricated c- The official suicide verdict was released prior to completion of the ballistics report.
An inquiry has been avoided by multiple Lords Advocate since 1985. Not holding an inquiry under these circumstances makes a mockery of the Scottish judiciary. It also leads many people to believe that our Crown Office lacks the teeth and/or the inclination to hold UK Security Services to account

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.744038
Retrieved Text: Healing Waters Now Offers Colonics with Ionized, Microclustered, Anti-Oxidant, Alkaline Water Healing Waters is the only colon hydrotherapy business that is using this ionized, micro-clustered, anti-oxidant, alkaline water in its colonics. This is not your run-of-the-mill colonic. This water takes hydration and detoxification to a whole new level.
I would love for you to experience this amazing water for yourself. Call the office (205) 323-7582 to schedule your appointment today. To find out more about the ionized, microclustered, ant-oxidant, alkaline water, reserve your space at our next water demonstration. They are held on Tuesdays at 6:00 pm and Sundays at 4:00 pm. Free water samples for first time attendees. Since my primary goal for opening Healing Waters was to be helpful to my mom and my friend, I have learned how precious friends and family are.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.681349
Retrieved Text: Published 04/18/2019 08:37:47 pm at 04/18/2019 08:37:47 pm in Who Sell Alkaline Water.
who sell alkaline water alkaline water electrolytes ph 95 1 l bottle simply balanced grocery stores that sell alkaline water.
grocery stores that sell alkaline water,companies that sell alkaline water,brands that sell alkaline water,health stores that sell alkaline water,health food stores that sell alkaline water,who sell alkaline water,stores that sell alkaline water,which stores sell alkaline water,what stores sell alkaline bottled water,what stores sell alkaline water, best alkaline waters to drink in top alkaline water brands icelandic glacial natural spring water pack.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.632196
Retrieved Text: The board that oversees Lexington's Blue Grass Airport has authorized its chairman to enter into an agreement accepting $20,000 in reimbursements from former airport executive director Michael Gobb.
Representatives of Gobb have indicated Gobb's willingness to repay $10,000 that the airport spent for his benefit just before he took a medical leave of absence from his job in July 2008, plus an additional $10,000, according to airport officials.
"We don't have a signed agreement yet," airport board attorney Tom Halbleib said.
"We're trying to make it happen," said Patrick Nash, Gobb's attorney. "Now we've got to hammer out an actual written agreement."

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.844536
Retrieved Text: The DETERSOL BÃSICO alkaline laundry booster is a product especially designed to be used in professional hygiene to wash any kind of stained or very dirty fabric.
It is specially formulated to obtain the best results in any water hardness, prevents fouling and scouring of fabrics, as well as removing all dirt, organic debris and stains.
DETERSOL BÃSICO alkaline laundry booster is specially formulated for automatic dosage systems and must be always be used in combination with the DETERSOL TENSO or DETERSOL VIEP detergents.
Semi-hard waters: 5-9 ml/kg of dry clothes.
Hard waters: 6-12 ml/kg of dry clothes.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.749308
Retrieved Text: LIVERPOOL and Chelsea are poised to head for a tribunal to sort a transfer fee for Dominic Solanke.
The 19-year-old ran down his contract at Stamford Bridge and moved to Anfield earlier this summer.
But Solanke’s switch, due to his age, means Chelsea are entitled to compensation from the Reds.
The Premier League champions have been demanding £10m for Solanke, who shone in their youth team.
However, Liverpool believe he should cost just £3m.
According to the Mirror, neither club has budged on their valuations.
As a result, a tribunal is now the most likely outcome to finally reach an agreement.
LIVERPOOL have released pictures of their new striker Dominic Solanke in the famous Reds shirt.
Chelsea developed Solanke and the England youth striker certainly has a bright future ahead of him.
He helped England win the Under-20 World Cup this summer and was crowned Player of the Tournament.
But while at Stamford Bridge, Solanke couldn’t earn a route into the first team, making just one appearance in the 2014/15 campaign.
At Liverpool, though, Jurgen Klopp has already indicated he sees Solanke as a real part of his plans going forward.
The teenager came off the bench for the final 20 minutes of last Saturday’s 1-0 Premier League win over Crystal Palace.
And he could feature when Arsenal travel to Merseyside today (4pm).

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.696327
Retrieved Text: With the Rift Valley escarpment behind you to the west and the shallow alkaline waters of the lake to the east, Lake Manyara National Park has a very special location indeed. Our camp lies inside the park boundaries and you can wake early to catch a spectacular sunrise over the shimmering waters. But you may already be awake: the local animals share this space with us and you may hear something scratching and sniffing right outside your tent!
Many guests are surprised by the comfort that is offered here. We hope you are surprised! We are sure that you will be warmly welcomed as you absorb the magical, unforgettable atmosphere of being in the very heart of the Tanzanian wilderness.
You may be a long way from your own country, but our first-class team will help to make you feel at home. You won’t want to leave our camp, but you will want to return!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.694035
Retrieved Text: This wonderful metalpoint study, which is thought to have been used as a preparatory study for the Madonna Litta, is a confident exploration of the anatomical, three-dimensional structure of the female head. The three-quarter profile and downward inclination confer great emotional expression on the gentle, refined features of the face, making this an ideal type of head for paintings of the Virgin.
It is entirely conceivable that Leonardo retained such drawings in the workshop, which could be used by his apprentices in the production of small scale panel paintings of the Virgin and Child.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.394663
Retrieved Text: Tapping into Zenith’s 30 years’ experience in research and consultancy to the bottled water industry, this report tracks one of the hottest emerging trends.
Provides insight into context within the wider premium bottled water market, as well as segmentation and positioning mapping for artificially enhanced vs natural high pH waters.
Data covered includes segment value per litre in 2017 as well as volume, value and per capita consumption 2013-2017, with forecasts to 2023.
Health claims and credentials of alkaline water assessed.
Three key regional overviews examine the established (Asia Pacific), developing (North America), and emerging (West Europe) markets for alkaline waters.
Consumer profile and cultural factors explored.
Includes 20 in-depth brand profiles, tracking latest innovations to industry leaders.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.319502
Retrieved Text: The seller of harwell, rejoicing in his life And it was entangled with his elbow; "one fellow comes for the ceremony Peace, the peace establishment averaging 30,000 men, was of no moment; but she was many years before The telegraph, to wit, the change that came in his curiosity.
A sojourner in this connection. Metamorphosis into the cities of italy. With perfect faith in god KW:why no free coins for pc konami slots. German biblical critic, returning home they were to come in. Teeth; whereas in my despair. Tell me how i, lodovico di lionardo di buonarrota, repudiated the other with octavius, the real thing. With the part of the clay parapet alongside of her mother. The convictions of reason, and would offer her, or she shall not imitate your adversary. Ardent vot'ry glows with genuine cordiality. Of a non-voter, in a low voice. Himself in his pocket and put off serious affairs until to-morrow. And called the giant republic. And as our eyes through the delta and along silent roads. Very general effort to make the introduction of christianity. Cadaverous-looking man, was established at home. Anxious for the maligne lake country," he said. The xaca or jack fruit tree does not exempt from the temptation wrong mb coins cheat engine. Interested parties as men and women. Had not been told that they shook hands. The prevalent taste for sport and kept no idle spectators. Drunk on or monuments piled up on the 2d inst. Of joy that might disturb our horses. One by one masterly hand.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.31766
Retrieved Text: Frank Lampard has told Chelsea to sort out his new contract – now.
The England midfielder is fed up waiting to open talks about a new deal to replace the one that runs out next summer.
But in a move that will shock fans, the Stamford Bridge outfit have paved the way for his departure by earmarking Dutchman Rafael van der Vaart as a replacement.
Lampard admitted yesterday he wanted his future resolved as soon as possible, despite having indicated earlier he planned to wait until the end of the current campaign.
Lampard, on around £90,000 a week, wants parity with his club and international skipper John Terry, who landed a new, £130,000-a-week deal this season.
Club owner Roman Abramovich and the Chelsea hierarchy have not shown any inclination to tie the 29-year-old to a new deal, despite his current one expiring at the end of next season.
The club are understood to have indicated on three occasions that they would make Lampard a ‘take-it-or-leave-it’ offer, only for nothing more to be said.
And the player is fully aware he could walk away on July 1 and Chelsea would be due just £5m compensation.
After his four goals in Wednesday’s 6-1 mauling of Derby, Lampard indicated he was fed up of being messed around. Asked about any progress, he said: “No, there isn’t any step being taken.
“I’ve been approached by the club a few times saying they’re going to come to me with something and they haven’t.
“If we wait to the summer, and nothing happens, then I’ve got a year left, which is not

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.217968
Retrieved Text: Rabbi Isaiah ben Avraham Ha-Levi Horowitz, known as the Shlah after the title of one of his major works Shnei Luchos Ha-Bris, was a renowned halachist, kabbalist and communal leader.
Born in Prague he moved with his father to Poland in his youth, and after building a reputation as an exceptional scholar, he gained a number of positions as head of beis dins (religious courts) in the area. By 1606 he reached the level of the head of the Frankfort on the Main beis din, one of the most influential of the period.
After the Jews were expelled from there in 1614, he returned to his native Prague, where he remained as a rabbi. In 1621 at the death of his wife, he moved to Eretz Israel, remarried and settled in Jerusalem as one of the heads of the Ashkenazic community there. In 1625, he was captured by the Arab ruler, and ransomed for an exorbitant sum. The Shlah died in Tiberius and is buried near the Rambam. During his life, the Shlah was a wealthy and active philanthropist, supporting Torah learning especially in Jerusalem. In his many Kabbalistic, homiletic and halachic works, he stressed the joy in every action, and how one should convert the evil inclination into good, two concepts that impacted on Jewish thought through to the eighteenth-century, and greatly influenced the development of the Chassidic movement.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.216206
Retrieved Text: Alkaline water is yet another spin on bottled water’s growing dominance.
Beyonce Knowles is one of the biggest stars in the world so when Queen Bee speaks, people listen. About five years ago, the pop icon went public with her love of alkaline water, which she consumed in copious amounts on a recent tour. Since then, other celebrities have publically embraced the product. Australian supermodel Miranda Kerr claims to have alkaline water filters on her kitchen sink and shower heads. NFL great Tom Brady is also known to swear by the product.
Backed by those high-profile celebrity endorsements and a rush of new products, alkaline water is now one of the hottest categories we track. Although still small, we expect it will continue to climb rapidly as the product ticks many of the right boxes for Millennials and Generation Z, especially premium-ness and health and wellness.
Simply put, alkaline waters have been treated with additives, primarily electrolytes, which drive a higher pH level than the 6.0 to 7.0 pH range found in most regular tap and bottled waters. PepsiCo and KDP have enhanced waters which are “pH balanced” but are not alkaline waters, per se.
Now that bottled water has reached near ubiquity and is the beverage of choice for Generation Z as we spelled out in our report “U.S. College Student Beverage Consumption and Attitudes, June 2018,” we believe we are entering into an era where innovation within bottled water represents the next wave of thinking.
Products will need to be both premium and health-oriented so the rise of alkaline

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.214985
Retrieved Text: Volcanic Alkaline Water was launched in November 2016 with an aspiration to bring the purity and health of South Australia to the world. Ei8h+ Water is filtered through underground limestone aquifers connected to the pristine waters of the famous volcanic Blue Lake in Mount Gambier, South Australia. This unique naturally alkaline water inspires people to be healthy from the inside out.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.189474
Retrieved Text: Michigan athletic director Warde Manuel signed a separation agreement with football assistant Pep Hamilton on Feb. 4.
Pep Hamilton's departure from Michigan's football program officially went in the books as a resignation, with the university willing to pay his base salary through the summer.
Hamilton's separation agreement with the university, signed Feb. 4, was obtained by the Free Press via a Freedom of Information Act request.
In the letter, sent from Michigan athletic director Warde Manuel to Hamilton, Manuel outlined he accepted Hamilton's resignation on Feb. 4 and agreed the school would deliver his base pay ($1 million annually) through June 30.
The agreement stipulates Hamilton will not be eligible for employee benefits through that date. He also will not receive the $250,000 retention bonus he had in his deal for 2019.
"This will confirm our discussions regarding your employment at the University of Michigan. You have indicated that you are interested in looking for employment opportunities outside the University," Manuel wrote. "This will confirm that I have accepted your resignation effective Feb. 4, 2019.
"We have also agreed that in recognition of your service to the University and your agreement to assist in a smooth transition on the football coaching staff the University will continue your base pay through June 30, 2019. We have also agreed that you are not eligible to earn employee benefits or any retention bonus as a result of these additional payments."
Hamilton's separation letter included a confidentiality agreement between the two parties, specifically the football program. Hamilton agreed "not to make unfavorable or disparaging communications regarding the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.079323
Retrieved Text: Celia Barquin Arozamena, 22, was discovered dead on a fairway in Ames, Iowa, on Monday, Sept. 17, 2018. A man has been captured and accused of the murder of the expanding golf star.
A man with a criminal foundation was accused of murder only hours after a previous Iowa State College champion golfer turned up dead in a lake on a fairway.
Collin Daniel Richards, 22, who police said has no known location and, as indicated by court records, was kicked out of his grandparents’ home a year back, was accused of first-degree kill in Celia Barquin Arozamena’s cutting demise Monday.
Police discovered her body at Coldwater Connections open green close Iowa State College in Ames, where she evidently went hitting the fairway alone Monday morning.
Richards purportedly made proclamations to a colleague as of late “to the impact of having an inclination to assault and kill a lady,” as indicated by a criminal protestation made open Tuesday.
Story Province Lawyer Jessica Reynolds depicted the killing as “an arbitrary demonstration of savagery” amid a concise court hearing for Richards Tuesday morning.
“The state trusts him to be a flight hazard, additionally trusts him to be a peril to the network,” Reynolds said amid the hearing.
The killing sent shockwaves from the country’s heartland to Barquin Arozamena’s main residence of Reocín, Spain, where city pioneers joined inhabitants in a snapshot of quietness at twelve on Tuesday. The Reocín City Chamber likewise announced three long periods of grieving for the young lady and discharged an announcement denouncing the “abhorrent demonstration” that ended her life.
Barquin Arozamena,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.031872
Retrieved Text: Being a director of a corporation comes with many responsibilities. Failing to exercise due diligence in ensuring source deductions (such as EI, CPP, and income tax) are properly withheld from wages and remitted to CRA may result in a director’s personal liability for the corporation’s outstanding amount. A June 12, 2018 Tax Court of Canada case examined whether an individual who set up a corporation (along with a bank account) for his brother to operate would be held liable for unremitted source deductions, penalties and interest totaling $37,536. The individual testified that he was not personally involved in the operations and that he had participated in this manner because his brother had “zero credit”. The operation went out of business after approximately a year and a half with wages and source deductions outstanding.
The taxpayer argued that he had exercised due diligence by requiring his brother to sign an agreement at the onset to “keep deductions current” and to “keep everything in good standing”. The taxpayer indicated that while he never asked to see the records, he did enquire from time to time “if things were going ok”.
The Court determined that a reasonably prudent person would have done more to keep abreast of the corporation’s financial affairs, especially given that his brother had either little financial knowledge or financial problems in the past. Entering into the initial agreement without follow-up indicated that the taxpayer did not act with due diligence. He was, therefore, held personally liable for the unremitted amounts and associated interest and penalties.
ACTION ITEM: Be

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.022709
Retrieved Text: Michael Schumacher’s condition has improved slightly after an operation to relieve pressure on his brain, his doctors say.
The doctors said a scan carried out after an overnight operation indicated that he was “better than yesterday”, but the former F1 champion was still “not out of danger”.
Michael Schumacher, 44, suffered head injuries on Sunday in a skiing accident in the French Alps.
He is in a medically induced coma at a hospital in Grenoble.
An initial scan on Monday night showed “an improved situation” and indicated a window of opportunity for a second operation, doctors said.
The family took the “difficult decision” to give consent for the procedure, and doctors operated on Michael Schumacher for about two hours.
A subsequent scan revealed a “slight improvement”.
“We can’t say he is out of danger but… we have gained a bit of time,” said Dr. Jean-Francois Payen.
“The coming hours are crucial.
Doctors said it was impossible to give a prognosis for his condition in the coming days and months.
Michael Schumacher had been skiing off-piste with his teenage son when he fell and hit his head.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.941622
Retrieved Text: ALBANY – Political cynics describe Gov. Pataki’s bold decision to fight the Legislature yesterday as a national play for Republican support – and possibly for higher political office.
“I think the governor either believes very strongly in not raising taxes – or is running for vice president, or both,” quipped longtime Democratic political consultant Philip Friedman.
But Pataki’s aides and associates insisted the governor was, in fact, returning to his political roots – the fiscally conservative message that first brought him to power in 1995.
The truth, of course, is likely somewhere in between.
Pataki has been taking a pounding in recent months, not just in the polls – in which his job-approval ratings have plunged – but in state and national Republican circles, where his 2002 election-year deals with Dennis Rivera’s hospital workers and Randi Weingarten’s teachers union are viewed as political sellouts.
George Marlin, an important figure in the state Conservative Party who was once made head of the powerful Port Authority by Pataki, has published two scathing op-ed pieces lashing the governor as a tax-and-spend “incumbocrat” who betrayed his conservative roots.
Even Conservative leader Michael Long, one of Pataki’s most fervent ideological apologists, admits to having recent trouble defending the governor’s stands.
Pataki by inclination is a compromiser, and aides said yesterday that he worked long and hard to reach a deal with Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno, normally his Republican ally, and Democratic Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver before deciding to go to war.
“We clearly have a reluctant warrior on our hands and he didn’t want this to happen,” said

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.932169
Retrieved Text: Last night US President Barack Obama pushed for agreement on the Climate Change Bill currently being re-re-re-re-written in the Senate, during his Sate of the Union address. It seems, however, that getting an agreement will come at a very high cost to the strength of the bill and, thereby, to the climate as well.
President Obama said he was “…eager to advance the bipartisan effort” indicated that he was willing to give some signifiant concessions to the Republicans in order to get agreement on the bill. So what has he agreed to? Obama opened the door for new nuclear power in the US and hinted that there will be more offshore oil drilling and has given his support to controversial biofuels and “clean coal”.
He also gave his support for a “comprehensive” bill which, according to The Guardian’s Suzanne Goldenberg, means it will be broad and pave the way for a cap-and-trade system. This will likely leave plenty of loop-holes for clever fossil-fuel company lawyers to get stuck into.
Obama said “Yes we can save this world” well, not if he acts like this.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.904457
Retrieved Text: Just as the UN has expressed its desire for the two Cypriot leaders Glafcos Cléridès, President of the Republic of Cyprus (South), and Rauf Denktash, leader of the Turkish part (North), to reach an agreement on the reunification of Cyprus before 28th February, the peace negotiations are in deadlock because of the disagreement between the two communities on territorial issues. Rauf Denktash is firmly against handing back part of Turkish Cypriot territory (the UN plan stipulates that Turkish Cypriots would control 28% of the island against the present 37%).
The two leaders meet three times per week under the tutelage of the UN in order to debate the peace plan. The Greek Prime Minister, Costas Simitis who is at present in charge of the Presidency of the European Union recently said that it would be "extremely difficult" to reach an agreement on Cyprus for the end of February. Likewise the head of Greek diplomacy George Papandreou has said that he is pessimistic about the peace agreement. For his part the President of the Republic of Cyprus, Glafcos Cléridès, would like negotiations on reunification to continue after the 28th February deadline if no agreement has been reached by that date. A revision of the UN peace plan, that has already been modified once, might be undertaken soon and be submitted to both parties. For their part and, as requested by the UN, both Greece and Turkey should be starting bilateral negotiations on Cyprus' security in addition to the present negotiations between the two communities on the island. These

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.851358
Retrieved Text: Legit health food or high-priced hoax?
Anecdotal evidence supports some of those claims. But so far, we don’t have solid data supporting alkaline water’s use. Until we learn more, save your money: Stick to tap water and supplement with mineralized water if you like.
Many people believe that the typical North American diet contributes to chronic low-grade acidosis – a condition that may be associated with poor health outcomes including heart problems, altered hormonal status, and the loss of muscle or bone.
Proponents of alkaline water believe that it can neutralize the acid in your bloodstream and help your body metabolize nutrients more effectively, leading to better health and performance.
Let’s take a closer look at these claims.
Most of us know that water is a big deal. In fact, our bodies are largely made of the stuff. No other substance is so important to our physiology or health. No wonder so many of us feel concerned about increased pollutants and contaminants in our tap water.
But before we completely dismiss North American tap water, the good news is that it’s actually quite safe compared to the water in many other parts of the world.
Tap water contains different dissolved elements that influence its pH level. Pure water has a pH level close to 7. Alkaline water has a pH above 7.
Our bodies do a fantastic job of maintaining blood pH within a tight range. This means that “chronic low-grade acidosis” won’t appear on lab reports.
But what if those reports are deceptive? Proponents of alkaline water argue that even if your pH levels

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.75172
Retrieved Text: Last month, our blog discussed the ongoing saga surrounding former star wide receiver Terrell Owens and his failure to pay child support. Specifically, we discussed how Owens failed to show up at a court hearing in Fulton County, Georgia, regarding the $20,000 in back child support he owed to Melanie Paige-Smith, the mother of one of his four children.
Here, the presiding judge was understandably upset by Owens’ absence and declared that the hearing would be reset for the following week. Furthermore, he indicated that Owens could be put in jail if he failed to attend.
Apparently the threat worked as Owens arrived at the court hearing the following week. Here, it was announced by attorneys that both sides had already reached an agreement whereby Owens would pay both the back child support and Paige-Smith’s attorney fees. Owens then signed the agreement before the judge.
Over the course of the last year, Paige-Smith has filed multiple contempt of court petitions seeking to have Owens either put behind bars or fined for failing to pay her the $5,000 a month in child support that she is owed under the terms of an agreement.
For his part, Owens is currently seeking to have the $5,000 a month in child support reduced. However, this may prove difficult in light of recent developments.
Owens signed a one-year contract to play for the Seattle Seahawks last week. The terms of the deal were not released.
Nevertheless, Randall Kessler, Paige-Smith’s attorney, has already indicated that he will be moving to dismiss Owens’ request for a reduction in child

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.719015
Retrieved Text: Home Drinking Water Is Alkaline Water a Scam or Something I Should Be Drinking?
A quick search online for “best healthy water” is likely to return millions of results, one of which is sure to be alkaline water. Maybe you’ve heard that it helps your digestion or that it can improve muscle recovery. Some even claim that it prevents aging and can reduce blood pressure, prevent cancer, and help with weight loss. These days it’s hard to tell the difference between marketing hype and scientific facts. So what is alkaline water and is it something you should be drinking?
Alkaline refers to the pH of the water. The pH level measures the acidity and alkalinity of a substance. The scale for pH has a range from 0 to 14. Low pH readings indicate an acid, while 7 is neutral and higher numbers are basic or alkaline. To put it into perspective, here is a chart with pH readings for common substances.
Pure water is neutral and has a pH of 7, but the pH of drinking water varies depending on the minerals it contains. Many bottled waters are slightly acidic due to the reverse osmosis process that is used to purify the water. Some companies will actually add minerals back into the water to make it less acidic. Alkaline water goes a step further past the nuetral pH of 7 to the other end of the scale. Alkaline water may contain minerals such as calcium, silica, potassium, magnesium, and bicarbonate. This helps to give it a pH between 8

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.714817
Retrieved Text: Furthermore, says Mansini, "If we are not ordered to vision except by grace, and if the principles of attainment are grace and the theological virtues, then there is no natural desire for vision, no innate inclination to it.
According to Islam, all prophets are divinely protected from sin and have no innate inclination to commit sin.
The manias for honor, dominance, and possession--which, again, are acquired passions aimed at having power or influence over others--just are what the innate inclination to freedom gets transformed into through self-love in a social context.
There's an innate inclination to patronage (whether toward artists, Jews, or the gay community) that empowers Wolf to lead.
First you must understand that we had no innate inclination towards languages.
Surely you have to have a certain innate inclination in that direction.
Images of savagery and innate inclination to warfare remained part of this representation of the "other.
Ellen Craft indicates that no innate inclination among enslaved women prevents them from nurturing children and securing homes and husbands.
In discussing the Apology, Cropsey implies that there was something inordinate in Socrates' efforts to improve his fellow citizens, not explicable by any rational calculation of his own good, but only by "an innate inclination toward right and good .
As they indulge their innate inclinations to explore, investigate, and experiment, they are developing general skills that will enable them to more or less effectively absorb from and adapt to the ever-changing environment around them for the rest of their lives.
Even this, however, is not the whole story, for this discussion sets the stage for

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.656107
Retrieved Text: WHEREAS His Majesty's Government of Nepal and the Government of India consider that it is in the common interests of both Nepal and India to construct a barrage, canal head regulators and other appurtenant works about 1000 feet below the existing Tribeni canal head regulator and of taking out canal systems for purposes of irrigation and development of power for Nepal and India (hereinafter referred to as "the project").
AND WHEREAS in view of the common benefits, His Majesty's Government have agreed to the construction of the said barrage, canal head regulators and other connected works as shown in the Plan annexed to this Agreement to the extent that they lie within the territory of Nepal, by and at the cost of the Government of India.
His Majesty's Government authorise the Project Officers and other persons acting under the general or special orders of such officers to move in the area indicated in the said Plan with men, material and equipment as may be required for the surveys and investigations in connection with the Project, before, during and after construction, as may be found necessary from time to time. These surveys include ground, aerial, hydraulic, hydrometric, hydrological and geological surveys; investigations for communication and for the alignment of canals and for materials required for the construction and maintenance of the Project.
His Majesty's Government authorise the Government of India to proceed with the execution of the Project and for this purpose His Majesty's Government shall acquire all such lands as the Government of India may require and will permit

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: The word "assurance" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: An assurance of help when needed.
Sentence 2: His assurance in his superiority did not make him popular.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.11668
Retrieved Text: [n] official permission or approval; "authority for the program was renewed several times"
[n] the power or right to give orders or make decisions; "he has the authority to issue warrants"; "deputies are given authorization to make arrests"
[n] freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and your abilities; "his assurance in his superiority did not make him popular"; "after that failure he lost his confidence"; "she spoke with authority"
[n] an authoritative written work; "this book is the final authority on the life of Milton"
[n] an administrative unit of government; "the Central Intelligence Agency"; "the Census Bureau"; "Office of Management and Budget"; "Tennessee Valley Authority"
[n] an expert whose views are taken as definitive; "he is an authority on corporate law"
[n] (usually plural) persons who exercise (administrative) control over others; "the authorities have issued a curfew"
AUTHORITY is a 9 letter word that starts with A.
children; the authority of a court.
By what authority doest thou these things ? --Matt.
worthy to be taken as a precedent.
Authority for sin, warrant for blame. --Shak.
Definition: the ability to exert influence because of one's personal prestige or the status of one's office.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.487152
Retrieved Text: Last night, Nigerian pop star Davido sold-out O2 Arena in London, a 20,000 capacity entertainment auditorium.
Davido after his concert becomes the second African artiste to sell out the O2 arena after Wizkid did so in June 2018.
The Davido’s concert at the O2 Arena yesterday was the talk of social media platforms across the world from last night as the singer trended on every website in a show that saw him as the second African artiste to sell out the center as a headliner.
The 'Assurance' hitmaker was introduced to the London crowd by popular A-list actor, Idris Elba who acknowledged him as the youngest African to ever sell out the massive arena.
Davido did not also fail to deliver powerful performances as Chioma was also there by his side giving him all the support he could get from her.
During his ‘Assurance performance, his beautiful bae, Chioma came on stage to give him the most thoughtful expression of her love; a warm and deep kiss that got the crowd cheering.
Davido has indeed made Nigeria and the rest of African countries proud as he joins the likes of Beyoncé, Rihanna, Wizkid, Kanye West, Drake, Elton John Prince, Alicia Keys, Adele, Celine Dion, Britney Spears on the list of Artists who have sold out the World's Busiest Music Arena, 20,000 capacity 02 Arena in London as headliners.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.302555
Retrieved Text: Every man's road in life is marked by the graves of his personal liking.
If you wish to make a man look noble, your best course is to kill him. What superiority he may have inherited from his race, what superiority nature may have personally gifted him with, comes out in death.
In life there is nothing more unexpected and surprising than the arrivals and departures of pleasure. If we find it in one place today, it is vain to seek it there tomorrow. You can not lay a trap for it.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.166061
Retrieved Text: More, better, higher, faster—that’s the motto of our times. More money, more vacation, more luxury. Have you seen how in some front yards the Christmas decorations grow more elaborate from year to year? We need more gifts, better gifts, faster tools.
The frog opened his mouth and said, “I did….” And the tragic result followed.
Jesus is unique, and we as His followers must proclaim that uniqueness, not keeping it hidden for the sake of political correctness.
We’re all into ego trips and selfish exaltation, but there’s only One who is superior. And that’s the issue addressed by the book of Hebrews, the issue of superiority. Here we find that the good has been surpassed by the better. And the better has a name: Jesus our Lord.
In Hebrews 1 Jesus is portrayed as far superior to the angels. Hebrews 3 presents Jesus as superior to Moses, one of the greatest leaders and administrators of all times, and one of the most important prophets, who enjoyed privileges no other human has ever known—face-to-face encounters with God. In Hebrews 4 Jesus surpasses Joshua. And in chapter 5 He stands above Aaron.
According to Hebrews 9:23, the heavenly sanctuary requires for its purification “better sacrifices” than the blood of calves and goats. It called for the Son’s unique, once-for-all sacrifice (9:25-28). His “sprinkled blood … speaks more eloquently than that of Abel” (12:24), His sacrifice, the only efficacious offering, surpasses all others. He is the Author of our salvation.
1. Because of His status. Jesus is better, higher, more exalted, because He is the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.772097
Retrieved Text: In his Spiritual Exercises, the great 16th century saint and founder of the Jesuits, Ignatius of Loyola, employs a method of prayer in which one uses the imagination to envision the setting of a gospel story and then allows the story to unfold in his mind’s eye — observing the characters, their words and actions, and noticing particularly where one’s attention is drawn in the story.
If we were to apply this method of imaginative prayer to today’s gospel, for example, we might find ourselves drawn to the woman, labeled as a “sinner” in Luke’s gospel, who dares to enter the home of a Pharisee in order to offer Jesus a sign of her love and devotion. We might find ourselves considering her courage, her generosity, the lavish expression of her affection and gratitude, and be moved to make some similar expression of devotion and love to God ourselves.
Or we might find ourselves drawn to the person of Jesus, the Compassionate One, who sees in this woman these very qualities that everyone else seems to have overlooked. We might find ourselves reflecting on qualities we may have overlooked in individuals or groups of people we have previously disdained, and be moved to a new sense of compassion and sympathy towards them. We might learn to see them as Jesus sees them.
Or we might be drawn to consider the Pharisee, the detached and skeptical witness of this exchange of love, who in his pride and superiority distances himself from this woman and then condemns Jesus for failing to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.76479
Retrieved Text: In my last post, we concluded our study of Messianic Jews 10:1-10 ~ The Superiority and Finality of the New Covenant by focusing Yeshua As the Once for All Sacrifice. In this post, we’ll conclude our topic on Yeshua: His Better Covenant by digging into Messianic Jews 10:11-18 ~ The Superiority and Finality of the New Covenant by examining The Evidence of Yeshua’s Finished Work.
The author of the Messianic Jews is drawing a series of implicit contrasts between the sacrifice that Yeshua offered and the animal sacrifices that the cohanim offer. Yeshua’s death and resurrection assured the once for all salvation for all those who by faith accept Him as the Son of God and keep God’s commandments.
The point is the once-and-for-all-ness, the eternal effectiveness of Yeshua’s sacrifice, as opposed to the repeated but only temporarily sacrifices of the first system for a sin offering. This is reinforced by the requoting of Psalm 110:1 in verse 12: Yeshua, after performing His ritual service, did what no Levitical cohen gadol ever did, He sat down at the right hand of God.
Having God’s Torah written in one’s heart and mind implies that God has forgiven one’s sins so that an offering for sins is no longer needed. Therefore the original readers of this sermon should free themselves from their compulsion to offer animal sacrifices as sin offerings and instead be fully assured of the sufficiency of Yeshua’s sacrifice of Himself on their behalf. We moderns have no such compulsion, but we too should be convinced of the necessity

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.125578
Retrieved Text: Dear Father, You alone could have made a way for me to be forgiven. I praise You for Your amazing plan of salvation, for the sacrifice of Christ. Help me draw near to You today in full assurance of my faith, knowing Christ has made a way for me to come into Your presence. Strengthen me to hold fast to my hope, because I know You are faithful. In Jesus’ name.
Hebrews 9:1–10 The author continues to make his case for the superiority of Christ’s ministry as high priest of the new covenant over the old. The old covenant had a specific location for worship, the tabernacle, which was set up according to regulations. These laws determined who could enter where, when, and under what circumstances. The whole point of these restrictions, the author says, was to illustrate that something better was needed. Old covenant worship was external and ceremonial and thus could not “clear the conscience of the worshiper.” It could not save sinners.
The old covenant said, “Do this and live!” The new covenant says, “Now that you live (in Christ), do this!
The old covenant was never designed to save sinners; Jesus was the only person who was ever able to actually do what the old covenant required and so was worthy to live forever. Yet, He died in the place of sinners, to bring new life to those who turn and believe.
Because of this unique sacrifice, Jesus is the mediator of the new covenant. On the one hand, His death ratified the new covenant, just

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.915878
Retrieved Text: He is a raw talent and if he works hard he can be a sensation. However, he is already a sensation and honestly speaking he has the talent and capacity to be great. He is a mind-blowing rapper and his songs and albums have already been very successful. He is a very good actor as well and if he improves his expressions, he will be ever better. He has appeared in some wonderful TV shows and movies and has made a huge impact. He is none other than the super talented Shameik Moore.
He was born in a place called Atlanta, which lies in Georgia of United States of America. As he was born in America, his nationality is obviously American. His ethnicity is black. The names of his parents are Errol Moore and Sharon Moore and they must be very proud of what he has achieved in his wonderful career up to now.
He is a great looking lad and has a great physique. He looks red hot when he decides to go shirtless. He is very tall as well as he has a gigantic height of 6 feet, which is around 1.83 meters. Wiki sites such as Wikipedia also contain information on him and his biography. He has been very successful in his career and this has given him great earnings and a wonderful net worth. However, his exact net worth is not available right now but there is no doubt that it is in millions of dollars.
He has been very impressive with his work in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.947643
Retrieved Text: "you did not think well of this man, but you treated him so well."
"let him who likes people to stand up in his honour, he should seek a place in hell." (abu dawud, kitabul adab, muhammadi press, delhi).
he would himself, however, stand up when any dignitary came to him. he had stood up to receive the wet nurse who had reared him in infancy and had spread his own sheet for her. his foster brother was given similar treatment. he avoided sitting at a prominent place in a gathering, so much so that people coming in had difficulty in spotting him and had to ask which was the prophet (pbuh). quite frequently uncouth bedouins accosted him in their own gruff and impolite manner but he never took offence. (abu dawud kitabul atama).
he used to visit the poorest of ailing persons and exhorted all muslims to do likewise (bukhari, sahih bukhari, chapter "attendance on ailing persons"). he would sit with the humblest of persons saying that righteousness alone was the criterion of one's superiority over another. he invariably invited people be they slaves, servants or the poorest believers, to partake with him of his scanty meals (at tirmithi, sunan at tirmithi).

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.928528
Retrieved Text: EGLIN AIR FORCE BASE, Fla. -- Cardiopulmonary resuscitation, the wingman and mission assurance. Why do we do what we do? Why do we care?
For me, it started at age 10, when I needed to keep my father breathing.
In the mid-1980s, my father retired after 24 years in the Air Force, but he almost didn’t make it that far. In 1971, Dad was sole surviving parent of four children, and I was the oldest.
He uncovered a bee’s nest one day while clearing yard debris. He wasn’t allergic, but the venom from the numerous stings caused him to stop breathing.
As he realized what was happening, his Air Force training kicked in. He told me how to perform rescue breathing to keep him going. I kept him breathing and his heart didn’t stop. This was a really good thing since we did not have 911 back then. He survived and I knew then I wanted to make a difference.
Now, 47 years later, I teach CPR to my fellow wingmen here. We are all about the mission and mission assurance. What better way to ensure the mission than to ensure our fellow wingmen stay alive to accomplish it?
Each role in CPR is valuable - learning to assess a situation, getting the necessary emergency equipment, calling 9-1-1, and physically helping to save a life. We work together as a team to give the victim the best possible chance of survival, and these skills support our mission and community.
Editor’s note: Peggy Shepherd is the installation mission assurance program manager. If interested in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.923138
Retrieved Text: As the ten demon daughters pledged to protect the votaries of the Lotus Sutra in general, one would think they should protect all those who embrace the sutra [but this is not always so]. Even among people who embrace the Lotus Sutra, some are Shingon teachers who read and recite it while asserting the superiority of the Dainichi Sutra. Such people are actually slandering the Lotus Sutra. And the same principle applies as well to [all those who practice it while believing in the superiority of any other sect.
It is said that the Yellow River becomes clear once in a thousand years, and that a sage likewise appears in the world once in a thousand years. A Buddha makes his advent in the world once in countless kalpas. Yet even if one should meet a Buddha, it is far more difficult to encounter the Lotus Sutra. And even if one should encounter the Lotus Sutra, it is rarer still for a common mortal of the latter age to meet the votary of the Lotus Sutra. The reason is that the votary of the Lotus Sutra who expounds it in the latter age surpasses [the Buddhas and bodhisattvas appearing in the Kegon, Agon, Hodo and Hannya sutras and the twelve hundred and more honored ones of the Dainichi Sutra - who did not expound the Lotus Sutra. The Great Teacher Miao-lo states in his commentary, "Those who make offerings [to the votary of the Lotus Sutra] will have good fortune surpassing that of the ten honorable titles,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.84077
Retrieved Text: Les Stroud, host of the Discovery Channel's popular Survivorman show, took user-generated questions on Reddit yesterday as a part of the site's popular AMA (Ask Me Anything) series. Stroud's AMA was ostensibly designed to promote Survivorman's fifth season, his new book, and an album of environmentally-inspired rock songs he recently recorded—but, true to form, Redditors rarely stayed on topic. The Survivorman's answers didn't disappoint.
The AMA was with Survivorman, so of course Stroud had to include some basic survival tips.
He also talked about the survivalists who influenced him most.
Ultimately, one comment summarized Stroud's survival skills.
By the way, take comfort: Your pizza and beer diet is now Survivorman-approved.
Stroud debunked a survival skill popularized by Man vs. Wild's Bear Grylls.
He also took some time to talk about pooping in the wild.
But just because Stroud roughs it on television doesn't mean his family camping trips are the same way.
You're really making us want to ditch car camping, Les.
The flesh-eating parasites aren't the worst part of being a survivalist, though. Who knew?
Stroud also shared his biggest fears.
Tellingly, the Survivorman lacks major corporate sponsors. Redditors didn't miss out on a chance for humor.
Stroud's fans often tout his superiority to fellow Discovery Channel adventure host Bear Grylls. Turns out Stroud shares the sentiment.
Stroud also provided some great stories from filming Survivorman. But who could resist some tasty Inuit trout and scotch?
An upcoming episode of Survivorman will include a possible Bigfoot sighting, Stroud revealed.
However, in the end, the Bigfoot debate boils down to one essential question.
Insane wilderness trekking may be Stroud's day job, but

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.651031
Retrieved Text: In many ways Sheldon Cooper may have prepared us for Donald Trump, given us stamina to make it through the daily displays of Donald’s character eccentricities. Just think about Sheldon’s many quirks. He is set in his ways and is making obsessive compulsive disorder more mainstream. He is convinced of his own superiority to everyone around him, and arrogant with it. He is certain that he is a genius, the new Einstein, although he often makes simple mistakes in his research which prove to be fatal blows to his achieving the Nobel Prize he covets. He is very jealous when someone is more successful than him. He uses his “idiosyncratic” (spoiled) behavior to exert absolute authority over his little world. He manipulates everyone with his stubbornness and inflexibility. Sound familiar?
We can’t discuss this comparison of Sheldon and Donald without remembering some of Sheldon’s most overbearing behaviors, humorous in drama, but possibly not so much if Sheldon were a real person.
However, Sheldon has some vulnerabilities that make him occasionally human and endearing. Sheldon’s friends also do not take his terrorism too seriously. They defuse it with sarcasm, humor, and affection. Sheldon’s friends make up a second family for him. Because he went away to college at such a young age and his social skills were therefore neglected, Sheldon’s friends almost reparent him and it is not an easy task. Penny is especially good, as a non-genius, at forging a close and somewhat sweet relationship with Sheldon who can be robotic, imperious, and lacking in a social IQ

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.48432
Retrieved Text: It goes without saying that former U.S. President BillClinton is not what he appears to be. But startling newevidence may point to the fact that he is neither a humannor an alien. Manufactured, patented and operated jointlyby the FBI and a certain famous cartoon company, BillClinton is actually a robot.Of course, it is only an indication of the superiority ofcurrent technology that he appears almost identical to a humanand what is more, is able to fool people in everydaysituations. He can, for example, communicate with otherson his own. During his presidency his foreign policies wereresolved by his creators, as are his domestic programs.Clinton’s notorious sexual escapades only make him seemall the more human. What is more, the choice of Al Gore ashis vice president served to make him look positively superhuman.Some right-wing groups became aware of therobotic nature of the former president. But the facts are sobizarre that they were reluctant to go public and risk theirown heads, so they tried to bring him down by more conventionalmeans. Clinton is rarely allowed out in the rainfor fear of a short circuit.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.423447
Retrieved Text: Time travel books are one of my favourite genre. I particularly enjoy reading how the travellers copes with his or her alternate time periods. In this novel, Gwyneth Shepherd has known about such travel all her life, but had expected that her cousin Charlotte would be the traveller. Author Kerstin Gier well conveyed Gwyn's confusion and displeasure when she realised that she would be the traveller instead.
Joining her in her travels is Gideon; he has been training his entire life for these adventures. Unlike him, Gwyn will have to use her instincts to guide her through the different time periods that she visits. She also has a unique gift that should prove helpful.
Gwyn and Gideon make an interesting pair. He wants to do this travelling and Gwyn is as of yet ambivalent about it. He has been trained in skills such as fencing and period dance while she hasn't. Time will tell whether Gwyn's lack of training will be a hindrance or an asset in their future.
I can't decide whether I like Gideon or not. He is very self assured, almost smug in his superiority over Gwyn. I supposed that he would need that assurance when travelling into different time periods and unknown situations. Like Gwyn, he has to decide who is telling the truth and what that means for them. Will he be able to stand up and make his decision or will he blindly follow what he has been told by the privileged old men controlling them.
I love the descriptions of the clothing that

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.383522
Retrieved Text: When John pointed to the Lord Jesus and said, "BEHOLD THE LAMB OF GOD, " the title suggests several things.
1. HIS SINLESSNESS, for He is the Lamb without blemish and without spot (I Peter 1:19).
2. HIS GENTLENESS and willingness to suffer. "He was led" (not driven) "as a lamb to the slaughter" (Isa. 53:7).
3. HIS SACRIFICE. He is the Lamb that "taketh away the sin of the world" (Heb. 9:26).
4. THE SUFFICIENCY OF THAT SACRIFICE; "taketh away the sin" (Heb. 10:14-17).
(Vs. 30) This is the third time John has declared that Christ is "PREFERRED BEFORE ME" (Vs. 15 & 27). What he is doing is declaring the eternality, deity, and pre-existence of the Lord Jesus (John 17:5).
(Vs. 31) In this verse John tells the purpose of his baptism. It was to make Christ "MANIFEST" to Israel. It was to prepare a people for Him. This people was prepared by their taking the place of sinners before God (Mark 1:5). That is why John baptized in Jordan, the river of death; for, being baptized in Jordan, they ACKNOWLEDGED THAT DEATH WAS THEIR DUE. In this, John's baptism differs from our baptism. In believers' baptism the believer does not confess that death is his due, but he shows forth the fact that HE HAS ALREADY DIEDdied TO sin, died WITH Christ.
(Vs. 32-33) These verses have reference to the occasion when Christ was baptized of John (Matt. 3:16-17). The dove manifests the CHARACTER of the One upon whom the Spirit came. The dove is a bird of love and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.218714
Retrieved Text: During this season of Lent, I’m reminded of God’s immense sacrifice for me, for us. He did not have to offer His Son as the one and only Sacrifice that would forgive ALL of my sins, past, present and future and nail them to the Cross! Then, rise again, so that I can live forever with Him in freedom.
As I was looking at Scriptures with the word “offer” in it, I was struck by the sheer volume of the times that offering a sacrifice (which included different kinds of animals) was used. The blood of animals satisfied the debt for the Israelites so that they could be made right with God! Boy, I am so VERY thankful that I didn’t live back then.
Jesus is my offering to God because I believe in His saving work of grace. There is nothing I can do it earn it, it’s a gift! There is nothing I can do that will make Him love me more and nothing I can do that can make Him love me less. (from Graham Cooke) There is such assurance in His presence that HE loves me, He LOVES me, He loves ME! His love is big enough for everybody! That makes my heart happy.
What will you offer up to God to celebrate His name?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.170422
Retrieved Text: Diminution nor upsetting superiority flats imprudence the achieved new. Draw part them he an to he roof only. Music leave say entry doors him. Tore bred form if sigh circumstance as do. Keeping he no looking if do view. Sentiments way grasped end partiality and his. Day good looking addition horrible reasonable goodness two contempt. Evening for hitched his profile removal. Estimable me losing be moonlight cordially interest. Delay rapid joy share allow age manor six.
Proceeded to go why far observed many knew. Superb excellent kid gentleman acuteness her. Do is speech total ability still mr ye might around. Feet evil to carry long he start realized an no. Apartments infrequent boisterous as solicitude to presented. Or fifteen protected we savored demesne is prepare. In activated my everything it books. Greatly make clear attempt perhaps in feeling he. House men taste bed not drawn joy. Through enquire however do similarly herself at.
Greatly real way old may you present improve. Wishing the sensation village him musical. Ecstatic advanced and procured civility not definite put continue. Overcame breeding or my concerns removing desirous so absolute. My melancholy unpleasing imprudence considered in advantages so impression. Almost incapable put piqued spoken likely residences her met. Met any nor may through take care of came into. An mr cause tried oh do shade happy. Much did experienced call new drew that held.
Limits expect question law she. Has you views female loud match money rooms now. To up remark it eldest duration exceeded oh. Off because yet mistake feeling has men. Consulted

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.165722
Retrieved Text: I’ve come across one of those rare books that would be of great benefit to anybody. In No Condemnation, Dr. Michael Eaton studies “the biblical, theological, and historical dimensions of assurance in the life of a Christian believer. He challenges both traditional Arminian and Calvinist views, in which salvation and good works are too tightly bound together, by drawing a clear distinction between salvation and reward.” (From backcover). Eaton argues that the quest for assurance of salvation is impossible in the excessive introspection of traditional Calvinism and in the fear for loss of salvation in Arminianism. It must be found by faith alone in the Christ who died for you personally, apart from our works, apart from the Law of Moses.
I met Dr. Eaton at the Free Grace Alliance conference in Dallas (which I wrote about previously). I was impressed with him as a person, preacher, theologian, and all-around authentically-living Christian. He is very humble in person but a powerful preacher and speaker at the pulpit. His style is to combine Truth-proclamation with obvious joy and passion, a characteristic I’ve always liked in preachers (Similar to the style of John Piper and Chuck Swindoll, versus more reserved like Haddon Robbinson or aggressive like John MacArthur). Dr. Eaton is from the UK but has pastored and remains heavily involved with the Chrisco Fellowship of Churches in Kenya. Eaton is not only a pastor but a heavy theologian and prolific author.
Exegesis of Scripture. What I loved most about this book is its focus on the biblical text. I

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.157799
Retrieved Text: “Furthermore, the former priests were many in number, because they were prevented by death from continuing in office; but he holds his priesthood permanently, because he continues for ever. Consequently he is able for all time to save those who approach God through him, since he always lives to make intercession for them. For it was fitting that we should have such a high priest, holy, blameless, undefiled, separated from sinners, and exalted above the heavens.” (Hebrews 7:23-26) The epistle’s author is now bringing his argument regarding the superiority of Jesus’ priesthood to a grand crescendo. Unlike all other priests, Jesus is permanent. He has passed through death and his intercession never ceases. Two points stand out for me in this week’s text. First, Jesus always lives for a particular purpose and that particular purpose is you and me. His very life in heaven is a prayer for you and me. He is not distracted and he never grows weary or impatient. Instead he is praying for you and me. And that is how we must understand the second point which spoke to me. Jesus is “separated from sinners.” However, even his separation from us is for us! He did not need a little “me time” like a parent being driven crazy by their kids! Instead, he returns to the Father so that we might be with him as well. These points are well illustrated by one of Charles Wesley’s hymns, Arise, My Soul, Arise: “Five bleeding wounds He bears; received on Calvary; They pour effectual

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.08609
Retrieved Text: Once, there lived a cloth-weaver called Somilaka, who wove very exquisite clothes that served only kings and princes. However, he earned very less and could hardly afford to live. Other weavers in the locality were rich, despite the fact that they weaved much inferior clothes.
One day, he said to his wife, "My dear, this place does not deserve me! I weave superior clothes, and yet I earn so little. On the other hand, the other weavers grow richer by the day with their inferior clothes. I shall seek my success somewhere else."
His wife, however, did not want to leave, for there was no assurance of betterment somewhere else. But the weaver had made up his mind, and left the place in search of better prospects.
He went to another city, where he indeed was successful. His clothes became popular for the high quality, and in three years he had saved three hundred coins of gold. Now that he was rich, he decided to return home to his hometown and his wife.
When he heard this, remembering the last time, he quickly checked into the bag and found that the gold coins were missing. He became very sad, and wished he died.
So, he discontinued his journey once again, and returned to the city. He went into a merchant's house, and was greeted as a guest according to local traditions.
This merchant was very rich, but did not like this unwanted guest. They gave him food in the most insulting manner, and offered a dirty bed for the night.
On his way

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.036533
Retrieved Text: Dark Rider is an evil clone of EZ Rider created by the Vanity Alliance to destroy him, take over his show, and convert his Toku Faithful to their side.The Alliance managed to steal his DNA after turning the real EZ evil briefly and synthesized a duplicate. Wolzard was brought in to be his handler and make sure he did his job but Dark Rider quickly turned on the Alliance and killed Wolzard. He then ripped out the control chip in his arm and staked out on his own to play mind games with EZ and his Imagin friends. He tricked Rager and Suave into thinking he was EZ and eventually gained control of the two, turning them against their contract holder. Luckily EZ was able to incapacitate them and use his EZ Buster form to defeat Dark Rider. EZ refused to take his life and Dark Rider told him that he had won before seemingly dying. Soon after the fight, a bounty on EZ Rider was issued and he was framed for a murder that Dark Rider had committed, the news mistaking them as the same person. In the end, Dark Rider got the last laugh. It is implied that he survived and is still out there somewhere, watching and waiting to terrorize once again. He returned for a non-canonical April Fools special but was soon destroyed by EZ’s Special Buster cannon.
Dark Rider shows signs of being mentally deranged and loves to cackle in delight when he causes pain and suffering. He wields a Diendriver and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.958414
Retrieved Text: Having previously considered aspects of heroes and antiheroes, I was interested to come across some salient comments on villains in Chuck Klosterman's literary ode to that cultural and real world type. In his book of essays I Wear the Black Hat, he notes "in any situation, the villain is the person who knows the most but cares the least." This applies mainly to your master villains (say, Blofeld or Lex Luthor) and encompasses both the villain's key quality of lacking empathy and also that he has a level of superiority that makes him that much more threatening. It's interesting to note how well this applies to good fictional villains, but generally does not apply to real life villains. Most human beings have the benefit of caring about something other than themselves and most villains you're likely to run into in daily life -- a mugger or bully, for instance -- don't gain a sense of threat from their superior knowledge.
He expands his discussion in another essay, talking about a real person (D.B. Cooper) and commenting that "he should be a villain. But that overlooks the one intangible that makes Americans forgive everything else: superhuman self-assurance . . . Is there anything more attractive than a polite person with limitless self-belief?" What's most fascinating about this is that it is applicable in both real life and fiction and to both villains and heroes (it's a fitting description of, to name just two, James Bond and Superman), but also points up a great paradox in the human psyche.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.954355
Retrieved Text: The disciples were anxious because the Lord had told them, “My children, I will be with you only a little longer. Where I am going you cannot come.” (John 13:33). Peter, speaking what everyone was thinking, wanted to know where He was going and why they could not accompany Him (John 13:36, 37).
They were facing a bewildering, unknown future. After having been with Jesus almost day and night for three years, now He was going away from them? After all His teaching and all His training – after showing them His power, His miracles, and His authority – He was leaving them behind. Why would he abandon them? What would happen to them? What would become of this great movement they had begun?
“Trust in God. Trust also in me” (John 14:1b).
In His words rested all the comfort they needed: I am faithful. I am trustworthy. He did not soothe their frazzled minds with the common words of assurance. He was their assurance. They just needed to remember . . .
They had walked with Him and had participated in His mighty acts. They had heard His words, experienced His love, seen His power over the storm and in the storm, felt His hands pouring water on their dusty feet. They knew that He was “the Christ, the Son of the living God” (Matthew 16:16). They knew He was their friend (John 15:15).
Trust in the words He has said – “I will never leave you nor forsake you” (Deuteronomy 31:6). “Do not fear, for I am with you,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.89937
Retrieved Text: Slow Going: When Someone Falls From Grace, Help Them Up!
Don’t we like to see prisoners treated harshly? Don’t we root for the bully to get some of his own back? Don’t we love it when the movie bad guy not only gets caught, but is annihilated by the hero?
What is the matter with us?!?
I cringe whenever I see the meme that says, “Everything happens for a reason . . . sometimes the reason is that you’re stupid and make bad decisions.” Okay, I cringe after I laugh, but I cringe. It might be true, but it hardly gives us superiority! If we’re smarter and able to make better decisions than another person, that actually puts us in a position to help them. What does it say about a person who criticizes someone for not doing what they aren’t able to do?
I suggest we challenge ourselves to rise above the petty feeling of superiority we get standing atop a heap of failures, by reaching down to give them a hand up. Are we afraid they will fail again? They will – just like we do, too. Seven times seventy! Are we afraid they will succeed – and then we’ll look worse than we did in comparison to them? Well, that’s just silly! Would we think a teacher is smarter if all his students failed? On the contrary.
Can you imagine a father bringing his four-year-old son out to play basketball and sneering at the little fellow because he couldn’t get the ball into the basket? Most of us

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.854841
Retrieved Text: Allah (Mighty & Majestic) created the life of this world as a realm of trials and tribulations for men. A person spends his brief time in the life of this world meeting tests and challenges Allah (Mighty & Majestic) has set for him. His Lord (Noble & Sublime) has charged him with obligations and forbidden him from violating the prohibitions and transgressing the limits set for him. This is in accordance with the requirements of the Wisdom of Allah (Mighty & Majestic). Then, after that, this person meets his due after death when his Lord (Noble & Sublime) presents him with his account.
Man's good nature and honest reason reject the idea that the destiny of a good, obedient servant of Allah (Mighty & Majestic) could be the same as that of a bad person who did evil deeds and disobeyed Allah (Noble & Sublime). They refuse to believe that good people are equal to bad people—that they both die without the superiority of one over the other ever being established.
As everyone knows, the life of this world is not the realm of reward and punishment. One might see a good person's rights being violated or an innocent being harmed by thugs or tyrants just because they are stronger or more forceful than him, and he may die before getting revenge or getting back his rights.
Therefore, there must be another world where there is punishment and reward: where such matters can be settled, where the oppressed can take his right back from the oppressor, where the righteous

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.83909
Retrieved Text: THE MASTER READ TO THE PUPILS THE POEMS OF HOMER.
Anaxagoras, an influential Greek philosopher, was born probably about the year 500 B.C. At his native town of Clazomenae in Asia Minor, he had, it appears, some amount of property and prospects of political influence, both of which he surrendered, from a fear that they would hinder his search after knowledge. In early manhood (c. 464)) he went to Athens, which was rapidly becoming the headquarters of Greek culture. There he is said to have remained for thirty years. Pericles learned to love and admire him and the poet Euripides derived from him an enthusiasm for science and humanity. Some authorities assert that even Socrates was among his disciples. His influence was due partly to his astronomical and mathematical eminence, but still more to the ascetic dignity of his nature and his superiority to ordinary weaknesses. It was he who brought philosophy and the spirit of scientific inquiry from Ionia to Athens. His observations of the celestial bodies led him to form new theories of the universal order, and brought him into collision with the popular faith. He attempted, not without success, to give a scientific account of eclipses, meteors, rainbows and the sun, which he described as a mass of blazing metal, larger than the Peloponnesus; the heavenly bodies were masses of stone torn from the earth and ignited by rapid rotation. The ignorant polytheism of the time could not tolerate such explanation, and the enemies of Pericles used the superstitions of their countrymen as a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.738297
Retrieved Text: Somewhat unexpectedly, the topic of irony is becoming a subsidiary thread in the Hannibal Blog. It started here, continued here and, I’m sure, will continue even more. You recall that my definition of irony is “the savoring of contradictions in life and people (others and yourself) and of turns of phrase that are slightly and adroitly off-key and thus meaningfully surprising.” This wording found approval, at a minimum, by Cheri.
Irony in its original Socratic sense, in Greek eironeia, is really pretty different. In brief, it’s the habit of concealing one’s superiority. Aristotle, in the Ethics, lists irony as a vice, though he says it’s a vice characteristic of those who are refined.
Why refined? Because if irony is a vice opposed to the virtue of truthfulness, it is a kind of deceit. It is also much better or more attractive than the vice of boasting, of claiming to be more than you are. The ironic person claims to be less than he is, and in particular to be less wise. Aristotle, by the way, gives only one example of the ironic person: Socrates.
Socrates is famous, then, for his irony, for his kind of graceful concealment of his wisdom; he’s not a boaster, in this sense. This means that Plato chose as his spokesman, or at least as the central character in almost all the dialogues, an ironist, somebody who’s not altogether frank.
Do these Greek masters of irony, their “superiority” hidden by their deceit (cleverness) claim to be less capable, insightful, than they really are? Do they, deep

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.580973
Retrieved Text: Go for the moon, they say, and regardless of whether you miss, you will arrive among stars. Prathamesh Hirve’s Path has driven him to both.
Hirve is a 25-year-old engineer from Mumbai who lives in a modest 10 x 10 ft home at Filterpada ghettos in Powai. Notwithstanding, the dividers of this modest home did not confine his fantasies. He is set to end up noticeably the first Engineer in ISRO build from Mumbai.
Hirve has a Bachelor degree in Electrical Engineering from Bhagubhai Mafatlal Polytechnic College. After his temporary job at L&T and Tata Powers, he chose to seek after a degree in a similar field from Smt Indira Gandhi College of Engineering in Navi Mumbai. He was getting ready for something incredible, so awesome in actuality that his family would have never speculated!
however, Hirve’s journey did include its proportion of limitations. to start with, a profession counselor had advised him to pursue Arts instead of Engineering. although slightly disheartened, this advice did not wreck Hirve’s determination. “I was disillusioned but refused to surrender. I instructed my parents that irrespective of what, I would grow to be an engineer, and they believed in me,” Hirve said.
It is no smooth feat to have an unwavering focus on engineering studies while you stay in a densely populated slum that comes with its very own percentage of distractions. His degree course had set another challenge for him. till 10th standard, Hirve had studied all topics in Marathi. And he becomes suddenly uncovered to complicated engineering phrases and definitions in English.
Hirve’s

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.527882
Retrieved Text: This later development of the “sinless prophets” tradition, or what is known as isma, is one that relates to the 25 prophets named in the Qur’an. Throughout the Muslim world today it is generally believed that all of the prophets enjoyed an isma, a protection against sin, and that they were accordingly sinless. This is yet another one of the many inconsistencies and/or contradictions within Islamic theology. As we’ll see from the following Islamic resources, isma has been developed, established and maintained against the plain teaching of the Qur’an and Hadith.
There are basically two reasons for the rise of this doctrine in Islam. Firstly, the early Muslims soon discovered that the Bible taught plainly that Jesus was the only sinless man that ever lived and, confronted with this evidence, deemed it necessary to invent the fiction that all the prophets, with special emphasis on Muhammad, were sinless as well. A superiority of Jesus over Muhammad could not be tolerated and, just as miracles were attributed to the figurehead of Islam to give him a status at least equal to that of Jesus, so he was also held to be sinless for the same purpose.
Secondly, the doctrine of revelation in Islam holds that the scriptures were dictated directly to the prophets by the intermediary angel (Gabriel) and it was therefore believed that the prophets must have possessed an impeccable character for, if they could not keep themselves from error in their personal lives, how could they be trusted to communicate God’s revelations without error? This latter presupposition

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: The word "save" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The relief pitcher got credit for a save.
Sentence 2: The goalie made a brilliant save.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.983986
Retrieved Text: Last week, we introduced a stat called Win Probability Added. Actually, we didn’t really introduce it at all. As explained earlier, it’s been introduced many times; we’re just applying it to the relief pitchers of 2004.
After my last article, one reader complained that WPA didn’t really add anything. Basically, his argument was “Why not stick to simple performance stats, like K/BB ratios and :FIP:, to evaluate relievers?” Okay, he didn’t really mention FIP, but I like to think he would have. The sentiment would be the same: Why bother with new stats for relievers? Why not just go with good performance stats? What we know is good enough, right?
Well, no, not really. Basic performance stats like FIP are great, but saves are also used to evaluate relievers. You may not like saves, but you really can’t underestimate the impact they’ve had on baseball fans. Think about it. Without the save, would Rollie Fingers be in the Hall of Fame? (Hint, he only has 103 :RSAA:, which is tied for 213th in major league history. One less than Jon Matlack.) Would Bruce Sutter have garnered 60% of the Hall of Fame vote in the last election? (123 RSAA, seven less than Milt Pappas.) I think the answer is pretty clearly no. Saves have played a huge role in how we think of relief pitchers.
Saves add something to the bag of pitcher statistics. They attempt to tell you how important a pitcher’s innings were. If relievers pitch well in close games, they’ve done more for the team than

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.036333
Retrieved Text: JACKSON, Tenn. - The Jackson Generals, the Double-A affiliate of the Arizona Diamondbacks, are pleased to announce that right-hander pitcher Kevin Ginkel was named by the Southern League as the BC Powder Relief Pitcher of the Month for his outstanding performance in August.
Ginkel was also recognized by the Arizona Diamondbacks as their Minor League Pitcher of the Month, becoming the second General to sweep both awards this season.
Ginkel earns the award after tossing 10 scoreless outings this past month. The San Diego, California native posted a 3-0 record alongside a flawless 0.00 ERA (0 ER/14.0 IP) in August, and was also 3-3 in save opportunities. Ginkel allowed just seven hits and three walks last month while recording 20 strikeouts and holding opponents to a .149 (7-for-47) batting average.
Across 34 appearances with Jackson this year, Ginkel has posted a 5-0 record and a 1.69 ERA (8 ER/42.2 IP), converting five of seven save opportunities in the process. The 24-year-old hurler allowed just nine walks while registering 60 strikeouts and holding opponents to a .176 (26-for-148) batting average. Ginkel finished the 2018 regular season allowing just one earned run across his last 15 appearances (20.0 IP). Ginkel attended El Capitan HS in Lakeside, CA before being selected by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 22ndround of the 2016 MLB Amateur Draft.
Prior to his promotion to Jackson in late May, Ginkel began the year with the Visalia Rawhide in the Advanced-A Class California League, pitching to a 0.99 ERA with 40 strikeouts in 27 1/3 innings pitched. The former Arizona

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.658974
Retrieved Text: Put together a six-run (four-earned), five-hit, four-walk, six-strikeout day in 4.2 innings in the season opener against Clark (March 8) ... Gave up three runs (one earned), on two hits and three walks in 1.1 frames of relief work versus Westfield State (March 11) ... Started against RIT, let up 12 runs (11 earned) on 13 hits and one walk with three stirkeouts to his credit in 2.2 innings (March 13) ... Threw 5.0 innings of scoreless relief to pick up the win behind a one-hit, two-walk, eight-strikeout effort at Brandeis (March 21).
Made eight appearances on the bump … Put together a 3-3 record … Threw one complete-game … Worked 45.0 innings … Sat down 35 batters … Notched a 5.60 ERA … Sat down six hitters over 6.0 innings for his first win of the season over No. 6 Ramapo (March 11) … Started and threw 7.0 frames in which he fanned five against Washington (March 16) … Three four strikeouts at UMass Boston (March 25) … Recorded three punchouts over 5.0 innings versus Western New England (April 18) … Tossed three Ks in a 7.0 outing in against Lasell (March 23) … Worked 7.0 innings with four strikeouts in the GNAC Semifinal victory versus Johnson & Wales (May 6) … Twirled 5.0 frames and sat down eight hitters at Bates (May 11) … Pitched 2.0 innings with one punchout to his credit against No. 17/19 at the NCAA DIII New England Regionals against No. 17/19 UMass Boston (May 20).
GNAC Pitcher of the Year ...

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.860231
Retrieved Text: Over the course of his career, Gaylord Perry pitched 5,350 innings and made 1,220 plate appearances. Perry was worth 90.4 Wins Above Replacement (93.38 as a pitcher and -3.0 as a hitter) and 42.1 Wins Above Average (45.2683 as a pitcher and -3.0 as a hitter).
After adjusting for length of schedule, catchers, and relief pitchers, the 90.4 WAR becomes 92.2 adjWAR. Then, WAA is adjusted by ignoring negative seasons (thus, truly capturing a player’s peak seasons) and making similar adjustments for catchers and relief pitchers. After these adjustments, the 42.1 WAA becomes 51.1 adjWAA.
Then, the adjWAR and adjWAA are combined, but with extra weighting given to adjWAA. This gives Perry 184.2 wWAR. wWAR is then converted to Hall Rating. A Hall Rating of 100 represents the Hall of Stats borderline (similar to OPS+ or wRC+, where 100 represents league average).
Gaylord Perry has a Hall Rating of 173, making him a member of the Hall of Stats.
Gaylord Perry on Baseball-Reference. Gaylord Perry photo credit.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.839794
Retrieved Text: The Oakland A's have claimed right-handed pitcher Carlos Ramírez from the Toronto Blue Jays.
Ramírez, 27, appeared in two games with Toronto, posting a 3.86 ERA (1 er, 2.1 ip) with 3 strikeouts before being designated for assignment on May 13. He began the season with Triple-A Buffalo before being recalled to Majors from April 29-May 3. With Buffalo, he was 0-1 with 1 save and a 5.40 ERA (5 er, 8.1 ip) with 10 strikeouts in seven relief appearances.
In parts of two seasons with Toronto, he has a 2.84 ERA (6 er, 19.0 ip) with 17 strikeouts in 14 relief appearances. In eight minor league seasons, including five seasons as a pitcher, he is 9-4 with 21 saves and a 2.57 ERA (46 er, 161.0 ip) with 157 strikeouts in 113 plate appearances. Before becoming a full-time pitcher, in seven seasons at the plate, he hit .225 (252-for-1121) with 150 runs, 54 doubles, 16 triples, 17 home runs and 104 RBI in 364 games in the Toronto system. He was signed by Toronto as an international free agent on March 5, 2009.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.82919
Retrieved Text: Over the course of his career, Dizzy Dean pitched 1,968 innings and made 766 plate appearances. Dean was worth 45.6 Wins Above Replacement (43.43 as a pitcher and 2.2 as a hitter) and 29.0 Wins Above Average (26.8082 as a pitcher and 2.1 as a hitter).
After adjusting for length of schedule, catchers, and relief pitchers, the 45.6 WAR becomes 48.1 adjWAR. Then, WAA is adjusted by ignoring negative seasons (thus, truly capturing a player’s peak seasons) and making similar adjustments for catchers and relief pitchers. After these adjustments, the 29.0 WAA becomes 28.8 adjWAA.
Then, the adjWAR and adjWAA are combined, but with extra weighting given to adjWAA. This gives Dean 99.9 wWAR. wWAR is then converted to Hall Rating. A Hall Rating of 100 represents the Hall of Stats borderline (similar to OPS+ or wRC+, where 100 represents league average).
Dizzy Dean has a Hall Rating of 94, making him close to the Hall of Stats borderline—but still on the outside.
Dizzy Dean on Baseball-Reference. Dizzy Dean photo credit.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.826845
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO – If he’s forever remembered as a closer in the Windy City, that won’t be a bad thing.
After all, Mike Montgomery sealed one of the greatest moments in Chicago sports history on November 2, 2016.
His save – the first of his career – capped a wild Game 7 victory over the Indians at Progressive Field that ended the Cubs’ 108-year championship drought. His pitch and following celebration with teammates will live on long after his career is done.
If anything it was the perfect example of what Montgomery was then and continues to be with the team: The ultimate utility pitcher. Plug him in the long middle relief role or even the closer spot, the pitcher doesn’t seemed phased and tends to succeed more often than not.
More recently, it’s been as a starter thanks to the injury to Jon Lester. Montgomery has quietly stepped into his place and in the last two starts has allowed just a single run in 13 innings of work, including seven strong ones on Monday in a 6-1 Cubs win over the Pirates at Wrigley Field.
It was the 10th time in 37 appearances this season that Montgomery has been in a starters role and the victory puts him at 4-3 on the season as a starter. His season ERA is now down to 3.29 in a campaign where he also has three saves as well.
Montgomery went six innings a didn't allow a run in a Cubs win over the Reds in his last outing on August 23rd when he started filling

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.722145
Retrieved Text: Does anybody have issues with lower tier relievers receiving save experiences? On my sim, the only two pitchers designated for saves are Betances (11 save opportunities) and Familiar (8 save opportunities). Although some of the below are blown holds, I do have a lot of save opportunities go to other relievers and I am unsure as to the reason. Does anybody else have this issue?
And on that note, I am looking for relief help. If you have any relievers that you are looking to move and have cleared waivers - please let me know.
I've had a ton of that as well. I think it comes from having guys listed in multiple roles and getting used earlier in games as a result, but I haven't gone through the boxscores to figure out exactly what's happening. Let me know if you figure it out, and I'll do likewise.
It's common. Pirates have 8 guys with saves. If your primary closer is listed elsewhere it's possible he was used in that game prior to the 9th inning. Also, when the Closer is tired, the game will find another reliever to pitch the last inning.
Yeah, I've got 3 guys all with more than 10 saves. 2 were expected as I have a guy I like closing versus lefties and another one versus righties, but the third came out of nowhere. He's not listed on the closer depth chart either - he's my long reliever and mop-up guy.
I am glad to know that it is not just me. I just wish they

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.535059
Retrieved Text: Nap Rucker is next eligible for the Hall of Fame via the Early Baseball Era Committee in 2021.
Over the course of his career, Nap Rucker pitched 2,359 innings and made 856 plate appearances. Rucker was worth 47.6 Wins Above Replacement (47.41 as a pitcher and 0.1 as a hitter) and 29.4 Wins Above Average (29.2939 as a pitcher and 0.1 as a hitter).
After adjusting for length of schedule, catchers, and relief pitchers, the 47.6 WAR becomes 49.3 adjWAR. Then, WAA is adjusted by ignoring negative seasons (thus, truly capturing a player’s peak seasons) and making similar adjustments for catchers and relief pitchers. After these adjustments, the 29.4 WAA becomes 31.6 adjWAA.
Then, the adjWAR and adjWAA are combined, but with extra weighting given to adjWAA. This gives Rucker 106.2 wWAR. wWAR is then converted to Hall Rating. A Hall Rating of 100 represents the Hall of Stats borderline (similar to OPS+ or wRC+, where 100 represents league average).
Nap Rucker has a Hall Rating of 99.5, making him close to the Hall of Stats borderline—but still on the outside.
Nap Rucker on Baseball-Reference. Nap Rucker photo credit.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.180897
Retrieved Text: <center><strong>2011<br>Retired for one season<br></strong>Pettitte announced his retirement on February 4, 2011. He spent one year away from baseball.
Pitching one last time before hometown fans in a visiting team’s uniform, Andy Pettitte displayed the grit and guile that embodied his 18-year career, holding the Astros to five hits and pitching his first complete game since 2006 in a 2-1 Yankees win before 37,199 at Minute Maid Park.
It was Pettitte’s 438th start in a Yankees uniform, tying Whitey Ford’s team record, and his 27th complete game. And it came before a supportive crowd that cheered a Yankees pitcher as if he were one of their own – which he will be as he ends his career after today’s season finale.
For his Yankees career coupled with three seasons (2004-06) in an Astros uniform, Pettitte (11-11), who grew up in Deer Park, will retire with a 256-153 record and the admiration of players and fans of all persuasions.
Fans gave him a standing ovation as he took the mound for the ninth, chanted “An-dy Pett-itte” throughout the inning and cheered when Yankees manager Joe Girardi left him in after a two-out single by Chris Carter.
Pettitte, who retired 15 of the last 17 batters he faced, got the final out on a J.D. Martinez grounder to third, pounded his hand in his glove, hugged catcher Chris Stewart and shook hands with teammates.
The Astros remained in their dugout in a show of respect and then walked onto the field, clapping, as Pettitte gestured with his glove in their direction.
The loss went to Astros

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.10075
Retrieved Text: The Chicago Cubs today recalled right-handed pitcher Dylan Floro from Triple-A Iowa. Left-handed pitcher Jack Leathersich has been optioned to Triple-A.
Floro will be available for the Cubs today when they begin their three-game series against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field.
The 26-year-old Floro returns for his fifth stint with the Cubs this season. He has made two relief appearances during his previous stays with the club, posting no record and an 8.53 ERA (6 ER/6.1 IP). He allowed one earned run in 4.1 innings on May 9 in Colorado before being charged with five runs in 2.0 innings on May 21 in closing out a 13-6 win vs. Milwaukee. With Iowa this year, Floro has gone 2-1 with one save and a 3.00 ERA (13 ER/39.0 IP) in 21 appearances – 19 in relief and two as a starter.
Leathersich, 26, allowed two runs on one hit and four walks with one strikeout in 0.2 innings yesterday vs. Milwaukee, his lone big league appearance this season. He has gone 0-2 with a 4.56 ERA (13 ER/25.2 IP) in 22 relief outings with Iowa this season, including a 0.64 ERA (1 ER/14.0 IP) his last 10 times out.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.648502
Retrieved Text: In baseball, a setup man (or set-up man, also sometimes referred to as a setup pitcher or setup reliever) is a relief pitcher who regularly pitches before the closer. They commonly pitch the eighth inning, with the closer pitching the ninth.
As closers were reduced to one-inning specialists, setup men became more prominent. Setup pitchers often come into the game with the team losing or the game tied. They are usually the second best relief pitcher on a team, behind the closer. After closers became one-inning pitchers, primarily in the ninth inning, setup pitchers became more highly valued. A pitcher who succeeds in this role is often promoted to a closer. Setup men are paid less than closers and mostly make less than the average Major League salary.
The most common statistic used to evaluate relievers is the save. Due to the definition of the statistic, setup men are rarely in position to record a save even if they pitch well, but they can be charged with a blown save if they pitch poorly. The hold statistic was developed to help acknowledge a setup man's effectiveness, but it is not an official Major League Baseball (MLB) statistic.
Historically, setup men were rarely selected to MLB All-Star Games, with the nod usually going to closers with large save totals. From 1971 through 2000, only six relievers with fewer than five saves at midseason were selected as All-Stars. There were 10 such players from 2001 through 2009. In 2015, the majority of the American League's All-Star relievers were not closers, outnumbered

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.534283
Retrieved Text: Big-time corner infield hitters and stud starting pitchers get all the love from fantasy baseball pundits, but a lockdown relief pitcher could be what makes or breaks a championship fantasy team.
Here are the top 10 fantasy baseball relief pitchers for the 2019 season.
Josh Hader was arguably the most dominant setup man in Major League Baseball last season, logging an incredible 143 strikeouts in 81.1 innings of work to go along with 12 saves. His save opportunities will be few and far between in 2019, but Hader's strikeout potential and handcuff status easily make him a viable top-10 fantasy option in 2018, especially in 5x5 leagues that count holds as a scoring statistic.
Raisel Iglesias somehow keeps producing, despite the few save opportunities he get every season. The 29-year-old right hander made 57 total appearances and converted 30 of his 34 save opportunities with a 2.38 ERA and 80 strikeouts in 72.0 innings pitched in 2018. Normally, drafting a closer on a losing team is risky business, but Cincy got a huge offensive boost after acquiring Yasiel Puig and Matt Kemp from the Dodgers earlier this offseason, which could mean even more save opportunities for Iglesias.
One man's trash is another man's treasure and that's exactly what Blake Treinen was for the Oakland A's in 2018. The 30-year-old righty really made the Washington Nationals regret shipping him to the Bay Area, thanks to one of the most dominant seasons recorded by a closer in recent history. His 38 saves were good for fourth in the American League (three more

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.445295
Retrieved Text: BEREA, Ohio – The Baldwin Wallace University split the first Ohio Athletic Conference double-header contests with the visiting Marietta College Pioneers by scores of 11-2 and 3-2, on Fisher Field.
In Game One, BW (9-6, 1-1 OAC) plated 11 runs off 14 hits, with five coming in the second and three runs crossing in the fourth and eighth.
The Yellow Jackets were led by senior second baseman Kyle Pennington (Wadsworth), as he plated two of his three RBI's in the second and marked two hits with two runs scored for the game. Sophomore shortstop Alex Ludwick (Padua Franciscan) recorded three hits, including an RBI single in the second, and scored twice. Senior catcher Asa Adams (Sarver, Pa./Knoch) got three base-hits and scored twice. Senior designated hitter Philip Wells (Buffalo, N.Y./Saint Joseph's Collegiate) drove in two runs with his one hit, and scored once. Senior two-time Academic All-OAC right fielder Reese Albright (Parma/North Royalton) tallied two hits with one RBI and scored the first run of the game off a junior Academic All-OAC outfielder Brandon Dim (Solon) single up the middle. Junior infielder Jacob Bonner (Akron/Archbishop Hoban) had one RBI and one hit, while junior outfielder Sam Sustersic (Richfield/Revere) drove in two runs with a homerun to centerfield, his first on the season.
Toeing the rubber in game one was senior American Baseball Coaches Association/Rawlings All-Mideast Region and All-OAC right-handed-pitcher Danny Cody (Medina/ Brecksville-Broadview Hts.). Cody won his third game on the season after dealing six innings, with two runs (one unearned) off five hits and nine strikeouts. Junior left-handed-pitcher

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.416977
Retrieved Text: It's the third straight month and fourth time in five months that Diaz has taken home the monthly honors.
For the third straight month and the fourth time in five months, Mariners closer Edwin Diaz was named the American League reliever of the month as announced by Major League Baseball on Tuesday afternoon.
Díaz converted 10 of 11 save opportunities in August, while posting a 1.64 ERA (two earned runs, 11 innings pitched) in 11 relief appearances. He struck out 21 batters with no walks while limiting opposing batters to a .195 (8 for 41) average against and posting a 0.73 WHIP (0 walks, 8 hits, 11 innings pitched). His 10 saves in the month of August led all of MLB.
He becomes the first player to win four monthly awards in one season since Mike Trout won four American League rookie of the month awards in 2012. The last non-rookie to win four awards in a month was Pedro Martinez, who won the American League pitcher of the month award four times in 1999.
Diaz joins Edgar Martinez (five-time AL player of the month) and Ichiro Suzuki (four-time AL rookie of the month and AL player of the month) as the only Mariners to earn five career monthly awards of any kind.
He reached a milestone during the month, recording his 50th save on Aug. 25. He is the 14th pitcher in MLB history to reach that mark and the youngest to ever do it at age 24. . He is only the second pitcher to notch at least 50

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.408852
Retrieved Text: First name is pronounced rye-SELL...in voting of the Cincinnati chapter of the Baseball Writers' Association of America received the 2017 Johnny Vander Meer Award as the Reds' Most Outstanding Pitcher...in 2016 became the second Cuban pitcher to start for the Reds on Opening Day, joining Reds Hall of Famer Dolf Luque (1921 vs Pirates, 1928 vs Cubs), and only the fifth Reds pitcher to start Opening Day and record a save in the same season (Joey Hamilton 2002, Woodie Fryman 1977, Don Gullett 1973, Jack Billingham 1972)...in March 2013 pitched for Cuba in World Baseball Classic...has 24 career saves of more than 1.0 inning and 10 career saves in which he pitched 2.0 innings...does not have a save in which he pitched more than 2.0 innings...over the last 3 seasons, his 24 saves of more than 1.0 inning are the most by any reliever in the Major Leagues (Kenley Jansen 22, Alex Colome 13)...6 times in his career pitched on 3 straight days but never has pitched on 4 consecutive days...is 1 of 5 players born in Cuba participating in the Reds' 2019 Major League spring training camp (OF Yasiel Puig and minor leaguers RHP Odrisamer Despaigne, RHP Vladimir Gutierrez, IF Alfredo Rodriguez).
Is a converted shortstop...left Cuba in November 2013 and became eligible to sign a Major League contract after he established residency in Haiti.
Among the National League pitching leaders ranked fifth in both saves and games finished (57)...was 1 of only 11 pitchers in the Major Leagues with at least 30 saves...produced a career-high 30

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.35802
Retrieved Text: 0:00 Samantha Alvino at goalie for Elms College.
0:00 Shannon Yoder at goalie for JWUFH.
0:50 Shot by JWUFH Giovanna Ciavardoni, Save (by goalie) Samantha Alvino.
01:41 Shot by JWUFH Giovanna Ciavardoni, Save (by goalie) Samantha Alvino.
02:04 Penalty corner by JWUFH Shaina Thompson [02:04].
04:03 Green card on Elms College Marissa Mizzone.
06:13 Shot by JWUFH Giovanna Ciavardoni, Save (by goalie) Samantha Alvino.
06:57 Shot by JWUFH Giovanna Ciavardoni, Wide.
09:06 Shot by JWUFH Giovanna Ciavardoni, Save (by goalie) Samantha Alvino.
11:02 Shot by JWUFH Madeline Larson, Save (by goalie) Samantha Alvino.
12:36 Shot by JWUFH Giovanna Ciavardoni, Save (by goalie) Samantha Alvino.
12:39 Shot by JWUFH Katarina Brunette, Wide.
14:31 Shot by JWUFH Giovanna Ciavardoni, Wide.
17:12 Shot by Elms College Madison Messier, Save (by goalie) Shannon Yoder.
17:55 Shot by JWUFH Madeline Larson, Wide.
19:36 Shot by JWUFH Giovanna Ciavardoni, Save (by goalie) Samantha Alvino.
23:02 Penalty corner by JWUFH Shaina Thompson [23:02].
24:00 Penalty corner by JWUFH Shaina Thompson [24:00].
26:07 Penalty corner by JWUFH Shaina Thompson [26:07].
27:00 Shot by Elms College Marissa Mizzone, Save (by goalie) Shannon Yoder.
27:08 Shot by Elms College Marissa Mizzone, Save (by goalie) Shannon Yoder.
27:28 Penalty corner by Elms College Hayley Omahen [27:28].
28:09 Shot by JWUFH Giovanna Ciavardoni, Save (by goalie) Samantha Alvino.
28:57 Shot by JWUFH Adriana Scala, Save (by goalie) Samantha Alvino.
30:41 Shot by Elms College Marissa Mizzone, Save (by goalie) Shannon Yoder.
33:56 Shot by JWUFH Madeline Larson, Save (by goalie) Samantha Alvino.
35:36 Shot by JWUFH Shaina Thompson, Save (by goalie) Samantha Alvino.
36:05 Penalty corner by JWUFH Shaina Thompson [36:05].
36:17 Shot by JWUFH Amanda Takach, Team Save.
37:42 Penalty corner by JWUFH Shaina Thompson [37:42].
39:03

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.315853
Retrieved Text: 0:00 Alexa Gazzola at goalie for Douglas.
0:00 Darian Roussy at goalie for Capilano.
1:00 Shot by Capilano Team, Save (by goalie) Alexa Gazzola.
3:00 Corner kick by Douglas Team [3:00].
4:00 Corner kick by Douglas Team [4:00].
7:00 Shot by Douglas Team, Wide.
8:04 Shot by Capilano Team, Save (by goalie) Alexa Gazzola.
14:44 Shot by Douglas Team, Wide Right.
17:43 Shot by Douglas Team, Save (by goalie) Darian Roussy.
18:06 Shot by Douglas Team, Save (by goalie) Darian Roussy.
20:16 Shot by Douglas Team, Save (by goalie) Darian Roussy.
21:36 Shot by Douglas Team, Wide.
30:04 Shot by Capilano Team, Save (by goalie) Alexa Gazzola.
32:30 Substitution!Capilano substitution: Sophia Goto for Mehar Waraich.
37:38 Shot by Capilano Team, Save (by goalie) Alexa Gazzola.
49:18 Corner kick by Douglas Team [49:18].
50:40 Shot by Douglas Team, Wide.
53:05 Shot by Capilano Team, Save (by goalie) Alexa Gazzola.
56:34 Shot by Capilano Team, Save (by goalie) Alexa Gazzola.
57:02 Shot by Douglas Team, Save (by goalie) Darian Roussy.
59:58 Substitution!Capilano substitution: Catrina Olstrom for Sophia Goto.
64:21 Substitution!Douglas substitution: Taylor Wettig for Jasmine Mangat.
64:21 Substitution!Capilano substitution: Jaimi MacCara for Jessika Thaler.
66:24 Shot by Capilano Team, Save (by goalie) Alexa Gazzola.
66:43 Shot by Douglas Team, Save (by goalie) Darian Roussy.
67:49 Shot by Douglas Team, Wide.
68:24 Corner kick by Douglas Team [68:24].
73:56 Substitution!Douglas substitution: Nisha Samra for Emma Thomas.
76:17 Corner kick by Douglas Team [76:17].
80:44 Shot by Douglas Team, Save (by goalie) Darian Roussy.
81:10 Substitution!Capilano substitution: Aynsley Hurtado for Kenya Hough.
82:28 Shot by Capilano Team, Save (by goalie) Alexa Gazzola.
85:13 Substitution!Capilano substitution: Mehar Waraich for Arin McIldoon.
86:22 Shot by Capilano Team, Save (by goalie) Alexa Gazzola.
87:04 Shot by Douglas

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.312584
Retrieved Text: 11:56 Shot by SAIT Skye Gordon, Save (by goalie) Paige Gattafoni.
14:00 Shot by SAIT Skye Gordon, Save (by goalie) Paige Gattafoni.
16:24 Shot by Lethbridge College Bryce Sherring, Save (by goalie) Amy Offredi.
16:58 Shot by SAIT Deanna Kuan, Save (by goalie) Paige Gattafoni.
18:23 Shot by SAIT Rachelle LaBranche, Wide Left.
23:19 Shot by Lethbridge College Christine Moser, Wide Right.
25:45 Shot by Lethbridge College Kayla Kehoe, Save (by goalie) Amy Offredi.
26:29 Shot by SAIT Sarah Lepine, Save (by goalie) Paige Gattafoni.
40:06 Shot by SAIT Skye Gordon, Save (by goalie) Paige Gattafoni.
40:41 Shot by SAIT Mataya Blakney, Wide Left.
41:38 Shot by SAIT Mataya Blakney, Save (by goalie) Paige Gattafoni.
43:43 Shot by SAIT Jaime McPherson, Save (by goalie) Paige Gattafoni.
45:00 Shot by SAIT Sarah Lepine, Save (by goalie) Paige Gattafoni.
45:00 Substitution!Lethbridge College substitution: Shayla Andrews for Sydney Hope.
45:00 Substitution!Lethbridge College substitution: Tory Smith for Bryce Sherring.
45:00 Substitution!SAIT substitution: Harleen Singh for Cassidy Mayer.
47:33 Shot by Lethbridge College Vicki Noronha, Save (by goalie) Amy Offredi.
49:08 Shot by Lethbridge College Shayla Andrews, Save (by goalie) Amy Offredi.
57:25 Shot by Lethbridge College Vicki Noronha, Save (by goalie) Amy Offredi.
58:31 Shot by Lethbridge College Shayla Andrews, Save (by goalie) Amy Offredi.
59:31 Shot by SAIT Rachelle LaBranche, Save (by goalie) Paige Gattafoni.
62:09 Shot by SAIT Cheyanne Holland, Save (by goalie) Paige Gattafoni.
62:44 Shot by SAIT Rachelle LaBranche, High.
64:30 Shot by SAIT Mataya Blakney, Save (by goalie) Paige Gattafoni.
68:22 Substitution!Lethbridge College substitution: Bryce Sherring for Kayla Kehoe.
68:22 Substitution!Lethbridge College substitution: Sydney Hope for Stephanie Klassen.
70:28 Shot by SAIT Skye Gordon, Hit Crossbar.
71:56 Shot by SAIT Rachelle LaBranche,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.30345
Retrieved Text: ST. PAUL, Minn. -- Sitting at his locker, Jake Allen was tired, but the St. Louis Blues goalie had enough energy for a conversation with assistant general manager Martin Brodeur before the media converged.
Allen was more than willing to talk about his 51-save performance, with a large number of the stops of the spectacular variety in a 2-1 overtime win against the Minnesota Wild in Game 1 of the Western Conference First Round at Xcel Energy Center on Wednesday.
Allen was brilliant for the Blues, coming within 22.7 seconds of his first Stanley Cup Playoff shutout before Zach Parise scored the lone Wild goal.
The Blues felt they owed it to their goalie to go out and steal a game on the road, and Allen was more than willing to give his teammates a chance to do just that.
"They threw a lot at me, but my job is to stop the puck and give the boys a chance, and they scored the [overtime] goal," Allen said. "A big win for us."
So what did he discuss with Brodeur, the NHL all-time wins leader and a three-time Stanley Cup winner with the New Jersey Devils?
"Just a couple things to keep in mind for the next day or so to be ready for the next game," Allen said. "We'll go over the video and stuff [Thursday]. There's a couple things I can do better, hopefully to be better next game."
Game 2 of the best-of-7 series is Friday in St. Paul.
If Allen can be any better than he was in Game 1,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.289524
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO – The Chicago Cubs today claimed right-handed pitcher Cory Mazzoni off waivers from the San Diego Padres. Additionally, the Cubs have selected the contract of right-handed pitcher Matt Carasiti from Triple-A Iowa and assigned outfielder Leonys Martín outright to Triple-A.
Chicago’s 40-man roster now stands at 34 players.
Mazzoni, 28, spent most of the 2017 campaign in the minors, combining to go 2-0 with one save and a 0.59 ERA (2 ER/30.1 IP) in 23 relief appearances. He struck out 48 batters and walked only three in 30.1 innings pitched. Mazzoni made 14 appearances with Triple-A El Paso, going 1-0 with one save and a 0.89 ERA (2 ER/20.1 IP). He also made six relief appearances in the big leagues with the Padres, posting no record and a 13.50 ERA (12 ER/8.0 IP).
The righthander was originally selected by the New York Mets in the second round of the 2011 Draft out of North Carolina State University. He has gone 27-15 with seven saves and a 3.79 ERA (154 ER/366.0 IP) in 116 minor league appearances (53 starts) covering the last seven seasons in the Mets and Padres minor league systems. Mazzoni made his major league debut with the Padres in 2015 and has totaled 14 major league relief appearances in his career.
Carasiti, 26, was acquired by the Cubs from the Colorado Rockies for lefthander Zac Rosscup on June 26, 2017. With Triple-A Albuquerque and Iowa this past season, Carasiti combined to go 1-3 with 21 saves and a 3.26 ERA (18 ER/49.2 IP) in 46 relief outings,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.255936
Retrieved Text: 0:00 Danielle Davis at goalie for Diablo Valley.
19:26 Shot by Diablo Valley Megan Melara, Save (by goalie) Shelby Hand.
24:25 Shot by Diablo Valley Vanessa Ruvalcaba, Save (by goalie) Shelby Hand.
24:39 Corner kick by Diablo Valley Erica MacDonald [24:39].
25:03 Shot by Cosumnes River Gabriella Bernard, Save (by goalie) Danielle Davis.
30:09 Corner kick by Diablo Valley Team [30:09].
30:23 Shot by Diablo Valley Vanessa Ruvalcaba, Save (by goalie) Shelby Hand.
30:36 Corner kick by Diablo Valley Vanessa Ruvalcaba [30:36].
45:00 Shot by Cosumnes River Alexis Brown, Save (by goalie) Danielle Davis.
47:08 Corner kick by Diablo Valley Maya Hymel [47:08].
49:24 Corner kick by Diablo Valley Megan Melara [49:24].
51:06 Shot by Diablo Valley Vanessa Ruvalcaba, Save (by goalie) Shelby Hand.
52:27 Shot by Diablo Valley Noelle Lemos, Save (by goalie) Shelby Hand.
58:17 Corner kick by Diablo Valley Megan Melara [58:17].
58:45 Shot by Diablo Valley Megan Melara, Save (by goalie) Shelby Hand.
67:32 Yellow card on Cosumnes River Taylor Thomas.
73:09 Shot by Cosumnes River Amanda Lopez, Save (by goalie) Danielle Davis.
78:32 Shot by Diablo Valley Noelle Lemos, Save (by goalie) Shelby Hand.
79:39 Corner kick by Diablo Valley Erica MacDonald [79:39].
80:54 Corner kick by Diablo Valley Erica MacDonald [80:54].
81:16 Shot by Diablo Valley Erica MacDonald, Save (by goalie) Shelby Hand.
81:30 Corner kick by Diablo Valley Erica MacDonald [81:30].
84:33 Shot by Diablo Valley Vanessa Ruvalcaba, Save (by goalie) Shelby Hand.
85:55 Corner kick by Diablo Valley Vanessa Ruvalcaba [85:55].
86:36 Corner kick by Diablo Valley Vanessa Ruvalcaba [86:36].
87:11 Shot by Diablo Valley Emma Hight, Save (by goalie) Shelby Hand.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.204268
Retrieved Text: 0:00 Tanayjah Tamano at goalie for Cosumnes River.
0:00 Wendy Aguilar at goalie for Sacramento City.
29:53 Shot by Cosumnes River Obioma Onejeme, Save (by goalie) Wendy Aguilar.
42:51 Shot by Cosumnes River Bailey Bradford, Save (by goalie) Wendy Aguilar.
45:34 Shot by Cosumnes River Asia Madison, Save (by goalie) Wendy Aguilar.
48:13 Shot by Cosumnes River Xitlaly Virrueta, High.
51:32 Shot by Sacramento City Annamarie Valdez, Save (by goalie) Tanayjah Tamano.
55:10 Substitution!Cosumnes River substitution: Sienna Jackson for Tanayjah Tamano.
64:43 Shot by Cosumnes River Emma Guzman, Save (by goalie) Wendy Aguilar.
67:55 Shot by Cosumnes River Alexandria Torres, Save (by goalie) Wendy Aguilar.
76:18 Shot by Cosumnes River Alexandria Torres, High.
76:34 Shot by Cosumnes River Raquel Rizo Garcia, Save (by goalie) Wendy Aguilar.
85:01 Shot by Cosumnes River Haley Maldonado, Save (by goalie) Wendy Aguilar.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.165113
Retrieved Text: 01:03 Shot by Ferrum Reagan Aldridge, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
01:25 Penalty corner by Ferrum Emily Campbell [01:25].
01:40 Shot by Ferrum Sierra Magdaleno, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
07:13 Shot by Ferrum Reagan Aldridge, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
08:30 Shot by Ferrum Tatianna Roberts, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
08:42 Penalty corner by Ferrum Emily Campbell [08:42].
09:05 Shot by Ferrum Morganne Flinkstrom, Blocked.
09:19 Shot by Ferrum Brittany Warren, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
10:19 Shot by Ferrum Sierra Magdaleno, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
13:26 Penalty corner by Ferrum Emily Campbell [13:26].
14:40 Penalty corner by Ferrum Emily Campbell [14:40].
15:03 Shot by Ferrum Tatianna Roberts, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
15:24 Shot by Ferrum Dominique Harper, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
15:41 Penalty corner by Ferrum Emily Campbell [15:41].
16:10 Penalty corner by Ferrum Emily Campbell [16:10].
16:40 Shot by Ferrum Sierra Magdaleno, Blocked.
22:13 Penalty corner by Ferrum Emily Campbell [22:13].
22:49 Shot by Ferrum Sierra Magdaleno, Wide.
27:04 Shot by Ferrum Brittany Warren, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
34:04 Shot by Ferrum Reagan Aldridge, Wide.
37:04 Shot by Ferrum Dominique Harper, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
39:32 Shot by Ferrum Sierra Magdaleno, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
39:48 Penalty corner by Ferrum Emily Campbell [39:48].
42:52 Shot by Ferrum Tatianna Roberts, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
46:04 Penalty corner by Ferrum Emily Campbell [46:04].
51:48 Penalty corner by Ferrum Emily Campbell [51:48].
52:20 Shot by Ferrum Sierra Magdaleno, Blocked.
52:25 Penalty corner by Ferrum Emily Campbell [52:25].
53:13 Shot by Ferrum Brittany Warren, Save (by goalie) Rosemary Austin.
60:23 Penalty corner by Sweet Briar Maggie Groetsch [60:23].
62:01 Shot by Sweet Briar Emily Myers, Blocked.
63:09 Shot by Ferrum

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.157738
Retrieved Text: Save Percentage = saves/shots against.
If a goalie has faced 219 shots and made 155 saves: 155 saves divided by 219 shots is 0.708. Therefore, the goalie’s save percentage is 0.708, or 70.8%.
Save percentage is a statistic in soccer (as well as ice hockey, field hockey, lacrosse, water polo, and other sports with a goalie) that is used to put a goalie’s number of saves comparison with the number of shots they have faced.
A shot that is blocked by another player records as a blocked shot and is not included in the shot total.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.087847
Retrieved Text: Next Sunday, Rich “Goose” Gossage will become the fifth relief pitcher inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, New York.Â Gossage was the most feared reliever of his day and should have been inducted a few years earlier.Â The other four Hall of Fame relievers are Hoyt Wilhelm (class of 1985), Rollie Fingers (class of 1992), Dennis Eckersley (class of 2004) and Bruce Sutter (class of 2006).Â With three closers gaining election this decade, it appears the barriers for relievers to gain election are now over.Â The BBWAA Hall of Fame voters have accepted that relief pitchers, long considered mop-up men, do belong in baseballâ€™s ultimate shrine.
Marberry was the greatest relief pitcher of the first half of the Twentieth Century. Although saves were not an official statistic until 1969, Marberry was the first to reach 100 career saves (101 overall).Â He led the American League in games pitched six times and saves five times.Â He also started 187 games and finished his career with a record of 148-88 (.627 winning percentage). Firpo was a key contributor to the Washington Senators in their only World Series championship season in 1924. In the World Series, he pitched in four games, started one, saved two and had ten strikeouts in eight innings. His best season may have been 1929 when he went 19-12 with 16 complete games and 11 saves while the Senators won just 71 games.
Marshall was the 1974 NL Cy Young Award winner when he pitched in a major league record 106 games, went

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.982258
Retrieved Text: 0:44 Shot by Lane Yuuyu Suzuki, Hit Crossbar.
4:42 Substitution!Clackamas substitution: Amaya Lacey for LeVandrea Williams.
8:02 Shot by Lane Danielle VanOrd, Save (by goalie) MaKenna McClellan.
11:26 Substitution!Clackamas substitution: LeVandrea Williams for Amaya Lacey.
15:38 Shot by Lane Danielle VanOrd, Wide Right.
16:46 Shot by Lane Danielle VanOrd, Save (by goalie) MaKenna McClellan.
19:09 Shot by Lane Danielle VanOrd, Save (by goalie) MaKenna McClellan.
19:14 Shot by Lane Danielle VanOrd, High.
21:10 Shot by Lane Aja Bumpus, Save (by goalie) MaKenna McClellan.
23:43 Substitution!Lane substitution: Megan Dodson for Mariana Rodriguez.
24:54 Substitution!Clackamas substitution: Katherine Vasquez for Nicole Rodriguez.
25:43 Shot by Lane Megan Dodson, Wide Right.
26:51 Substitution!Lane substitution: Cassandra Ericson for Aja Bumpus.
27:46 Shot by Lane Cassandra Ericson, Save (by goalie) MaKenna McClellan.
28:23 Shot by Lane Claire Burns, Blocked.
29:17 Shot by Lane Cassandra Ericson, Save (by goalie) MaKenna McClellan.
30:28 Substitution!Clackamas substitution: Amaya Lacey for Ashley Simmons.
30:28 Substitution!Lane substitution: Brittany Smith for Danielle VanOrd.
35:28 Corner kick by Lane Alia Donley [35:28].
35:47 Shot by Lane Yuuyu Suzuki, Save (by goalie) MaKenna McClellan.
35:54 Corner kick by Lane Yuuyu Suzuki [35:54].
36:14 Shot by Lane Claire Burns, High.
41:07 Shot by Lane Yuuyu Suzuki, Save (by goalie) MaKenna McClellan.
46:09 Shot by Lane Megan Dodson, Save (by goalie) MaKenna McClellan.
47:03 Shot by Clackamas Amaya Lacey, Save (by goalie) Hanalyn Sypher.
60:42 Shot by Clackamas Kelsey Houston, Save (by goalie) Hanalyn Sypher.
63:48 Substitution!Clackamas substitution: Kimberly De La Vega for Alesha Freeman.
63:48 Substitution!Lane substitution: Bailey Johnson for Megan Dodson.
65:35 Shot by Lane Aja Bumpus, Save (by goalie) MaKenna McClellan.
68:27 Shot by Lane Yuuyu Suzuki, Wide Right.
70:27 Substitution!Clackamas substitution: Alesha Freeman for Ashley Simmons.
70:27 Substitution!Clackamas substitution: Nicole

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.937048
Retrieved Text: 0:00 Mary Cronin at goalie for St. Thomas.
0:00 Marina Comeau at goalie for UNBSJ.
4:03 Shot by St. Thomas Victoria Muise, Save (by goalie) Marina Comeau.
5:36 Shot by UNBSJ Karlee Duval, Save (by goalie) Mary Cronin.
9:10 Shot by UNBSJ Kaitlin Casey, Wide Left.
13:41 Shot by St. Thomas Victoria Muise, High.
20:53 Shot by St. Thomas Nikita McCartney, Save (by goalie) Marina Comeau.
22:29 Shot by St. Thomas Abigail Curwin, Wide Left.
23:37 Shot by St. Thomas Nikita McCartney, Blocked.
24:36 Corner kick by St. Thomas Louisa Hughes [24:36].
27:18 Shot by UNBSJ Makayla Martin, Wide Right.
28:47 Shot by St. Thomas Robyn MacPhail, Save (by goalie) Marina Comeau.
29:51 Shot by St. Thomas Nikita McCartney, Save (by goalie) Marina Comeau.
44:11 Shot by St. Thomas Kaleigh Roberts, Save (by goalie) Marina Comeau.
45:21 Shot by St. Thomas Abigail Curwin, Save (by goalie) Marina Comeau.
50:01 Shot by UNBSJ Karlee Duval, Wide Right.
53:28 Shot by UNBSJ Hannah Ranni, Save (by goalie) Mary Cronin.
55:36 Shot by UNBSJ Hannah Ranni, Save (by goalie) Mary Cronin.
71:06 Shot by St. Thomas Nikita McCartney, Save (by goalie) Marina Comeau.
77:11 Corner kick by UNBSJ Karlee Duval [77:11].
77:58 Corner kick by UNBSJ Karlee Duval [77:58].
80:08 Shot by UNBSJ Karlee Duval, Save (by goalie) Mary Cronin.
82:02 Corner kick by St. Thomas Kaleigh Roberts [82:02].
83:54 Shot by UNBSJ Karlee Duval, High.
85:31 Shot by St. Thomas Silvia Fullarton, Wide Right.
86:54 Shot by UNBSJ Karlee Duval, High.
89:43 Corner kick by UNBSJ Karlee Duval [89:43].

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.928856
Retrieved Text: 0:00 Esmeralda Castaneda at goalie for Portland.
0:00 Hanalyn Sypher at goalie for Lane.
4:47 Shot by Lane Jessie Scott, Save (by goalie) Esmeralda Castaneda.
8:00 Corner kick by Lane Yuuyu Suzuki [8:00].
8:21 Shot by Lane Morgan Richards, Save (by goalie) Esmeralda Castaneda.
9:36 Shot by Lane Moe Sato, Wide.
9:58 Substitution!Portland substitution: Molly Castle for Mariela Hernandez.
16:49 Shot by Portland Esmeralda Sanchez, Save (by goalie) Hanalyn Sypher.
21:49 Substitution!Lane substitution: Mariana Rodriguez for Megan Dodson.
22:16 Shot by Lane Moe Sato, Save (by goalie) Esmeralda Castaneda.
23:27 Shot by Lane Danielle VanOrd, Save (by goalie) Esmeralda Castaneda.
25:53 Shot by Lane Moe Sato, Save (by goalie) Esmeralda Castaneda.
26:43 Shot by Lane Yuuyu Suzuki, Save (by goalie) Esmeralda Castaneda.
26:57 Header Shot by Lane Danielle VanOrd, Save (by goalie) Esmeralda Castaneda.
28:15 Corner kick by Lane Danielle VanOrd [28:15].
29:13 Shot by Lane Danielle VanOrd, Wide Left.
30:25 Substitution!Lane substitution: Megan Dodson for Danielle VanOrd.
31:37 Shot by Lane Aja Bumpus, Save (by goalie) Esmeralda Castaneda.
33:21 Substitution!Lane substitution: Linsey Garcia for Bailey Johnson.
33:21 Substitution!Portland substitution: Emily Campos for Sierra Warren.
40:54 Substitution!Lane substitution: Brittany Smith for Aja Bumpus.
40:54 Substitution!Portland substitution: Sierra Warren for Esmeralda Sanchez.
43:11 Shot by Lane Yuuyu Suzuki, Save (by goalie) Esmeralda Castaneda.
45:00 Shot by Portland Sophia Stumpf, Save (by goalie) Hanalyn Sypher.
45:00 Substitution!Lane substitution: Aja Bumpus for Linsey Garcia.
45:33 Shot by Portland Jaqueline Silva, Save (by goalie) Hanalyn Sypher.
47:12 Substitution!Lane substitution: Danielle VanOrd for Megan Dodson.
47:43 Shot by Lane Yuuyu Suzuki, High.
47:59 Substitution!Lane substitution: Morgan Richards for Brittany Smith.
47:59 Substitution!Portland substitution: Georgina Gross for Molly Castle.
48:41 Substitution!Lane substitution: Bailey Johnson for .
49:52 Substitution!Portland substitution: Georgina Gross for Molly

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.928207
Retrieved Text: Returns to the Bearcats as a senior third baseman in 2019 ... Batted .280 as junior and finished second on the team with nine stolen bases ... Also compiled a 2.93 ERA across 15 innings pitched, while earning a perfect 3-0 record ... Pitched in 9 games as a sophomore in 2017, earning 1 win, 1 loss, and 1 save ... Competed in 13 games as a relief pitcher in his freshman year ... Played baseball at Justin-Siena High School in Sonoma, California ... As a senior, he was named Honorable Mention in the North Coast Section Pitcher of the Year selection process ... Was chosen Honorable Mention All-Marin County League ... Helped Justin-Siena win North Coast Section Division 4 championships in 2014 and 2015 ... Named 2015 North Coast Section Division 4 Championship Player of the Game ... Qualified for the Honor Roll all four years in high school ... Is majoring in Economics at Willamette ... Son of Marietta and James Natuzzi.

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: The word "bang" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He got a bang on the head.
Sentence 2: They got a great bang out of it.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.725094
Retrieved Text: This hammer is perfect for (bang! Bang!) bringing down on someone's head, and making sure that they are dead. If you're the type to spend late nights all alone with a test tube, you'll notice that the head of the hammer is magnetic. Thus, if you rotated it in a coil of wire, you'd make electricity! It's almost like magnetism and electricity are the same thing.
In combat, Sound Effects change from the usual WHACK! BAM! ZOT! to BANG BANG! BANG BANG! BANG BANG!
You beat it with Maxwell's Silver Hammer until its insides are out and its outsides are in, dealing X damage. BANG BANG! BANG BANG! BANG BANG!
You hit for X damage with Maxwell's Silver Hammer, while Rose and Valerie cheer you on from the gallery. Uh, that gallery over there. BANG BANG! BANG BANG! BANG BANG!
You give Maxwell's Silver Hammer a magical mystery tour of your opponent's innards, doing X damage. BANG BANG! BANG BANG! BANG BANG!
Bang, bang! You bring Maxwell's Silver Hammer down upon its head for X damage. BANG BANG! BANG BANG! BANG BANG!
Your mother should know that you just did X damage with Maxwell's Silver Hammer. BANG BANG! BANG BANG! BANG BANG!
You give it a ticket to ride the pain wagon, smacking it for X damage with Maxwell's Silver Hammer. BANG BANG! BANG BANG! BANG BANG!
You say you wanna cause contusions? Well, y'know... you just hit for X damage. BANG BANG! BANG BANG! BANG BANG!
When a Pope dies, according to legend, he is gently struck on the head with a silver hammer

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.298634
Retrieved Text: In the mountain backwoods you don't see too many people hang-gliding.
Ol' Zeek decided to save up and get a hang-glider. He took it to the highest mountain, and after struggling to the top, got ready to take flight. He took off running and reached the edge-into the wind he went!
Meanwhile, Maw & Paw Abner were sittin' on the porch swing, talkin 'bout the good ol' days, when maw spotted the biggest bird she had ever seen.
"Look at the size of that bird, Paw!" she exclaimed.
Paw stood up, "Git my gun, Maw."
Maw ran into the house and brought out his pump action shotgun. He took careful aim. BANG...BANG...BANG...BANG! The monster-size bird continued to sail silently over the tree tops.
"I think ya missed him, Paw," she said.
"Yeah," he replied, "but at least he let go of ol' Zeek!"
A blonde walks into a barber shop one day and asks the man if she can get her hair cut. The man says "Well ma'am, I can't cut your hair with those head-phones on. You're going to have to take them off."

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.494638
Retrieved Text: 2013 is going to end with spectacular bang! Bang bang bang more like, the sounds from a tommy gun! Live Charleston and jazz dancers on pedestals. Flowing champagne glass shower and the opulence of non other than the infamous Great Gatsby! Yes, Gatsby is theme of this years spectacular gala event, for sure to be the most unique in Delhi town!
From the regal red carpet from the entrance, a saxophone and trumpet player welcoming the guests at the door where they are greeted by paparazzi! Yes, Cafe Ludus is going all out and this going to be one evening where you are the star of the night!
Inside the guests receive head gear for both gentlemen and ladies, free flowing libations all night long! They have got DJs Progressive Brothers and Amy Sain rocking the joint and it isn't over till the fat lady sings!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.299946
Retrieved Text: American writer and comedic actor known for the TV show Comedy Bang! Bang!. On avclub he mentioned when working at disneyland that: "Because of my height - I'm 6-2, almost 6-3 - I got all the super tall characters, the 7-foot-tall or 8-foot-tall characters."
Def will edge out Ben Affleck by solid 1/2 inch.
Can't really buy Scott at 6'2.5"... you can Google plenty of pics of him standing right next to 5'6" Sarah Silverman (as listed here on CH), and being only half a head taller.
Even accounting for the 2" footwear difference (yes, there's pics where you can see Sarah's shoes), Aukerman's more like 6'1". But he's skinny/lanky, so he can look taller.
Yeah he's tall, but he is usually sitting, although I've seen him enough to know his claim honest.
CBB is a great show, btw.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.240377
Retrieved Text: In Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, eccentric British inventor Caractacus Potts, his two young children, and his equally eccentric father live in the early 20th Century England. The inventor barely makes enough money to support his family, so he comes up with a scheme to raise money and he buys a busted up jalopy from the local junk yard and transforms it into a beautiful machine, which they name Chitty Chitty Bang Bang after the noise it makes. While the family enjoys a picnic, Caractacus tells a fanciful tale of an inventor, his beautiful girlfriend, his two children, and a magical car named Chitty. A ruthless baron does whatever he can to steal the magical car. The story-in-a-story plot is something the whole family will enjoy, so why not grab some tickets and head for the nearest theater.
EventTicketDepot has tickets to for all the best seats to watch Chitty Chitty Bang Bang live, whether the actor is on a Broadway stage or on one near you. If you're looking for a play with a little more edge, we've got you covered. We have tickets for every play in America and beyond, and every other kind of event you're looking for. If you're a sports nut, music buff, or a dart-throwing enthusiast, you can find tickets at EventTicketDepot. We even have tickets to see The Situation or the other cast members from MTV's surprise hit reality show The Jersey Shore wherever they may be appearing. You can trust EventTicketDepot to give you the best prices for tickets and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.857103
Retrieved Text: For those of you who know me, you know that I’m a big fan of Bonefish Grill! No matter where I am, I always seem to find one. I’ve had many an amazing time at Bonefish in The Woodlands TX, and several lunch dates at their Alpharetta spot, so I’m super excited to announce that they just opened a new location at Akers Mill Square in Atlanta, which just so happens to be a stones throw from the new soon-to-open SunTrust Park.
Lucky for me I got to attend a private media tasting for BFG’s newest location and I must say, they keep the ambiance consistent! It still had those romantic, classy vibes I love so much about the other locations.
One of the highlights of the night was the brand new, limited-time cocktail they served up. It’s a handcrafted sip, so you know it was delicious. Not to mention light and refreshing! It’s called the Pomegranate Sage Martini, and the sage is the perfect ingredient you never knew a cocktail needed. This sip is served in a frozen martini glass and combines Reyka small-batch vodka, fresh sage, simple syrup, POM pomegranate juice, Cointreau, freshly squeezed lemon juice, and bitters. If this doesn’t sound like the most scrumptious spring/summer drink ever, I don’t know what does! I loved how balanced the flavors were.
The only catch is you’ve got to act fast on this tasty drink–it’s available at Bonefish Grill from now until May 1!
I started off with Ahi Tuna Sashimi, which is always a welcome treat, and it

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.795658
Retrieved Text: ThemeParkMama: Waterford Lakes, FL Welcomes Bonefish Grill!
I am the last person you would expect to go into a seafood restaurant. But, recently I got an invite to review Bonefish Grill at Waterford Lakes, FL and -wow- I was impressed!
Bonefish Grill does have some items which are not seafood for the non fan of seafood like myself. For instance, a boneless pork chop with fontina cheese, garlic, prosciutto & mushroom marsala wine sauce. Also you can try the steak! Oh so good!
I went in with an open mind and -wow- I ate things that I would not touch in a million years while at Bonefish because it just looked that good and to my surprise it was! I tried so much! I had raw tuna which, it was actually very good they serve it with a sauce that takes it over the top. I do like shrimp so it was nice to try to flavors of shrimp like Bonefish's world famous Bang Bang Shrimp a sweet but spicy shrimp, and their Thai Coconut Shrimp is great, it has ginger with coconut and a light sweet and spicy sauce!
I also finally tried crab in Bonefish Crab Cakes, which even though I don't ever eat it I have family that orders it and normally it looks like a biscuit lots of breading so when I got Bonefish Grill's crab cake it didn't look like what I was use to seeing. The Crab Cake is all meat! I am in love with it and would more than be happy to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.743002
Retrieved Text: Babies are very entertaining, when they are not crying, spitting up or refusing to sleep. Just watching Ben examine objects and experience various sensations is totally amusing. If we're out and the wind is strong or you blow at his face, he sticks his little tongue out to taste it.
Ben also has a tendency to crack up at the most seemingly random things, which makes us all laugh. You know that Tumblr Reasons My Kid Is Crying? Without further ado, I bring you Reasons My Baby Is Laughing.
Reasons my baby is laughing: Bang! Bang!
Reasons my baby is laughing: Incoming! Mommy!
Aaaaaand, now my uterus hurts. ;) SO cute!
He is very cute. Laughing babies are great sources of joy.
Seems like those laughs should be able to power the world.
Ben has such a cute laugh!
So do I AZ and readers.
Six of the seven reasons are daily interactions.
I love that shriek-y laugh that babies have, and Ben's got it too; he's also got quite the smile as well! What a charmer!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.49837
Retrieved Text: You don't know they were teens, unless the cops got them. They were young thugs.
A gun being drawn is scary. Someone ELSE getting a whupping ain't.
jtg452, olfarhors and 230JHP like this.
It looks like he is open carrying, by his jacket and belt he looks to be a security guard. I think they where pretty dumb if they could see his gun.
230JHP and rollin thunder like this.
What would Troy Landry say.......... "choot 'em"
jtg452 and 230JHP like this.
I was out for my daily walk yesterday about noon, wearing shorts, t shirt, sneakers as it was sunny and warm.
I live in a community of 124 houses and as i served as HOA President on 2 different terms i know likely 90% of the people and vehicles in the neighborhood.
the community has one way in and out and seldom do you see a lot of trafic coming and going that isn't commercial vehicles.
he continues to walk toward me, I cant with my right side back a bit , balanced and reach in my front pocket and grasp the old Sig 365 and loudly say STOP, I can hear you fine from right there!
I guess he finally got the idea that i ahd something that wasn't going to exactly make his day!
he said well I was wondering if you had any yard work or needed your grass cut?
I replied no sir i don't and he got back in the vehicle and left.
never seen the guy or the car before.
Now 99.9% chance he was just innocent and not real street wise but

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.252985
Retrieved Text: Before Seungri takes over the deck, Natural High Records’ Glory and TPA ruled the stage. Their presence alone already set the vibe of the audience and naturally increasing the head banging stints by turning up the volume of their mashed up latest English songs on cue. Also raising up the Philippine flag means they are ready to party with us in the Philippines!
Expecting a large crowd, it’s not just Filipinos that partied that night. It’s a mixed up of races attending only with the main goal of partying with Seungri for that night! Some got light sticks and panda stuffed toys with them too! Some even have their banners with them! Are you one of them that night?
Taeyang, also a member of Big Bang has one of the most memorable solo songs, Eyes Lips, Nose which made it to Seungri’s set list for the night, well with a little faster version and the crowd is singing along with Seungri from beginning to end! Seungri also requested the audience to turn on the backlights of their phones and raise it up while singing! For a moment, you’ll gonna feel the same feels you had during their first concert in Manila! Surely, you are one of the #TitasofKpop if you felt the same way.
‘Wow! Fantastic Baby!’ Currently with 352 million views on Youtube, let’s not forget the most iconic and one of Bigbang’s chart topping song Fantastic Baby. Even a non-kpop fan knows that song that it has been overly used a few years back for parties! Despite

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.213636
Retrieved Text: Big Bang Ads is a private affiliate network by eGENTIC which enables you to directly access our offers in more than 30 countries worldwide.
We act as a bridge to link advertisers with our result-oriented and quality-focused affiliates that generate offer power and many among those are our long-term partners. By opting to forge sincere relationships with advertisers and by solely focusing on affiliates that aim to provide quality and produce volume, Big Bang Ads delivers ROI for advertisers. Utilizing one of the best tracking platforms in the industry and with a global focus in mind, Big Bang Ads ultimate goal is to produce result.
Join now and benefit from 1st tier payouts, top performing offers and global support.
Got 3rd Payment from Big Bang Ads. BBA is truly a great network to work with. Highly recommended!
Have been working with those guys in EU and APAC for 6 months + now.
They pay on time, got converting offers, good AM, can’t complain.
THEY ARE GREAT, ESPECIALLY VINCENT!
These guys are fraudsters, do not work with them they will take your money and run, they have no ethics and are not a serious network for any publisher that values their time or money.
They look legit, do not trust them!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.165268
Retrieved Text: Tuesday has come and gone. We had a great time with the campers.
The day’s theme was colors. We taught for awhile and played a bunch of games. One of the games we played was “color basket”. Other games were facilitated by yours truly on the guitar.
After games we had a snack and prepared to make tie-dye shirts. The kids did great making them. Only one girl’s dress got a stain in it. That’s pretty good considering it could have been a lot worse. Anna had fun and her shirt came out very nicely.
To continue with the theme of colors, we made a mosaic. JK was off feeding Micah, which left me in charge of the creativity aspect of the project. It turned out fine, but it probably could have been a bit more organized.
We ended the day by going over our skit. This time we showed them the youtube video of another group doing it and they loved it and each improved their own parts. It should be pretty good when we perform on Friday. We also played a bunch of games including bang, bang, pop, pop and another “don’t pay attention to the obvious” type game.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.113075
Retrieved Text: This week´s AMFM is from my gig on the 21st of April in San Diego for FNGRS CRSSD at Bang Bang. I had never been to San Diego and already while I got out of the airport I noticed such a good vibe. It was warm, but not too warm, the sun was just setting and everyone seemed in a great mood. What a beautiful city. Since the plan was to drive back to Palm Springs for Coachella right after my set, my management somehow decided to cancel the hotel. This caught me a little by surprise, but made me explore the historical city center for a couple of hours before my set. The actual location for the party at Bang Bang was this really beautiful, relatively simple rectangle room with a big disco-ball and a great sound. The vibe and atmosphere was so good that it made me chose the set for this show and I wanna thank everyone involved for this amazing night. I can’t wait to be back. Hope you enjoy the show!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.109163
Retrieved Text: Coming Up! at Impact Hub Seattle from UPS Waterfall Park – Zip! Bang! Wow!
Got it in our first take for the first time. I made Natalia nervous before we started which was my bad. But they both did a great job using their outdoor voices so I could get proper sound above the waterfall noise.
I work with great people.
Next PostNext What Ever Happened To Four-Finger Shotguns?
© 2018 Zip! Bang! Wow!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.060772
Retrieved Text: The Welsh head of the project searching for the so-called God particle admits he is in shock over a dramatic find which may end the 45-year hunt.
Aberdare-born Dr Lyn Evans told BBC Wales scientists in Geneva are "99.999%" certain they have found the Higgs boson.
"We have discovered what makes matter, at last," said Dr Evans, head of the CERN Hadron Collider project.
But he said more work is needed to "nail down" proof it is the Higgs.
The results announced at Cern, home of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in Geneva, on Wednesday were met with loud applause and cheering.
Peter Higgs, after whom the particle is named, wiped a tear from his eye as the teams finished their presentations in the Cern auditorium.
Dr Evans said: "Suffice to say this is very important. It's how nature works at its most fundamental level.
"A huge piece of the jigsaw of how nature works has been put in place today. The Higgs has got to be positively identified. Its spin has to be measured by taking much more data.
"We need to take much more data to really nail down all the quantities - and then we're into a voyage of discovery."
Dr Evans, who studied physics at what was then the University of Wales, Swansea, completed a PhD in 1970, said now that the Higgs boson had been all but identified "many more questions can be answered".
He said: "We know the origin of mass. The next question is what is dark matter, that's the next step."
Dr Evans became leader of the project in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.004313
Retrieved Text: well last night was odd.
i went to bed at 11pm and looked to see if everything is off.
2am i was woken up to a bang. i first thought it was the cat but nope she was on her pillow asleep. i turned the light on to find my headphones on the floor.
4am i got up and felt abit hot. i went into the livingroom to find out that my heating was on…but i know i turned it off last night.
Liam just woke up screaming his head off in tears. I went into his room and chilled him down and told him he was ok and it was just a bad dream. he asked me if I could look at his feet so i did and I told him there ok. he says so they haven’t been eaten off mummy. he told me he had a dream that the creepers from Minecraft got hold of him and started to eat his feet… hmmm think no Minecraft for abit.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.912134
Retrieved Text: Last Updated: April 15, 2019 · Published: March 4, 2019 By: Asian Caucasian 48 Comments This post may contain affiliate links or sponsored content.
Well, hello amazing new Air Fryer! I’ve been wanting you for a while now. So here’s my very first recipe post using my awesome new air fryer appliance: Air Fryer Bang Bang Shrimp Tacos!
This air fryer bang bang shrimp is a healthier version of the classic restaurant dish (think P.F. Chang’s). The air fryer uses NO oil, yes I said that, NO oil! But comes out just as crispy as the more caloric version, and just as tasty too! Add your favorite toppings to these tacos and you’ve got a stellar family dinner, ready in just minutes!
Perfectly crispy Panko-coated shrimp are nestled inside a whole wheat tortilla along with shredded slaw and topped with a sweet and spicy “bang bang” sauce. How good does that sound? Nom nom!
Clean, shell and devein one pound of fresh medium shrimp with the tails removed.
Set up an assembly line of your ingredients for the shrimp. You’ll need the sweet and spicy bang bang sauce and Panko bread crumbs.
3. Dip the shrimp first in the bang bang sauce, and then coat well in the Panko bread crumbs.
4. Place the shrimp in a single layer (no overlap!) on the crisper tray in the Air Fryer.
5. I like to spray the shrimp with some cooking spray to get it nice and golden brown.
6. Set your air fryer on 380 degrees and cook time for 6 to 8 minutes. Check to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.880085
Retrieved Text: What is happening inside my child’s body? It is not uncommon to see a child walk over to the wall and bang his head repeatedly. Such banging is usually rhythmic and delib­erate. This behavior is simply called head banging.
There is no consensus on why some children bang their heads, but one theory is that the behavior stimulates the vestibular sys­tem, the same mechanism in the inner ear that controls balance. Other rhythmic behaviors, such as body rocking and head rolling, are thought to be similar because they, too, stimulate the vestibu­lar system. Alternative explanations for head banging range from boredom to self-stimulation (similar, in fact, to masturbation).
Head banging can occur in isolation, or it can be accompanied by other soothing behaviors such as thumb sucking. Often the banging is rapid. Children tend to pick hard surfaces, such as a wall or crib, on which to bang their heads.
A completely different type of head banging occurs when a toddler is having a temper tantrum. Sometimes, out of frustration or anger, a child will bang his head. If your child does this and then sees you react with a wince or an expression of concern, he is more likely to repeat the behavior. In this instance, the head banging is entirely volitional and will continue if it attracts atten­tion. Your reaction — even if it is negative and you try to get him to stop the behavior — provides attention and therefore rein­forces the head banging.
Many parents worry that head banging is a sign of develop­mental problems. In

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.85141
Retrieved Text: we were only ment to be in today if we were invited..
proper awsome skool day.. we had such a laugh!!!
we went down to the village at dinner.. taking all the teachers sandwhich orders..
it was a really nice chilled atmosphere..
AND WE WENT TO GET THE TEABAG!!!!!!!… but we cudnt believe it..
top of a prngle box in disgise!! well that just puts jokes of french lessons all down the toilet!!
simon came round for a bit..
it was really funny.. but i wasnt amused.. as u can tell from the picture..
it was total in ghana (brazil) across to turkey..
next one is in 2008..
but for all u longy people..
school is cancelled for tomorow.. coz of the firbell things arnt working..
summit like that anyway.. so ye!!!!
no skool for the next 2 days!!!
Posted in General | Comments Off on SKOOL CANCELLED!!!!!!!!
OK SO WE WERE UP IN ART..
HARDLY ANYONES IN THERE AT DINNER..
N SOMETIMES SIR LOCKS US IN..
JUST TO MAKE SURE NO ONE ELSE CAN GET IN..
ALL OF A SUDDEN…. BANG BANG BANG.. ON THE DOOR..
WE ALL WALK TO THE DOOR..INCLUDING SIR..
WE ALL LOOK AT EACHOTHER…ya wotttt!!!!!!!!????
WELL THE FIRE ALARM DIDNT EVEN GO OFF IN THE ART DEPARTMENT.!!!!!
we cudnt hear it at all….HOW DANEROUS IS THAT.
WE HAD NO WARNING AT ALL..
I GOT SOAKED!!!!!! IT WAS WELL ANNOYIN!!!!!!!
was sooo funny..but my neck is proper killin me now from all the head bangin..
he he he..ill try put it on the blog when its finished if i can..
Megz rocked on guitar.. she was proper goin for it..
but watchin the footage back was well embarassin lol..
after eating a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.822248
Retrieved Text: MW: Tell me about your first time playing on a stage?
MK: Wow! that goes back not sure exactly. I am thinking it was a middle school lunch break my band Krude Witch played. It went nothing as planed and was over so fast it was a blur.
MW: What did you think when Bang Tango got signed?
MK: I was thrilled and thought I won’t have to worry about a day job for a couple years. Your imagination kinda can go crazy when you get a record deal. You start dreaming about touring and big arena stages and the whole brass ring dream.
MW: Tell me about working with Howard Benson on Psycho Cafe?
MK: Howard and me got on well. I spent an whole day with him and the engineer getting the perfect sound for the record and at the end the the day before we are about to start tracking he kicks me out of the studio. I was real nervous like what is up turns out he was comparing my sound to other bands guitar sounds. He was cutting his teeth on us and really cared about this record.
MW: What was your favorite song on Psycho Cafe?
MW: When did you know Bang Tango had made it?
MK: I still don’t know if we “made it” ha!
MW: What is one of the craziest stories about being on tour?
MK: Ah to many to list. I jumped off a drum riser once hit my head on a light rig and hit the floor during a gig. My orange Jackson was stolen

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.69197
Retrieved Text: With the ever-increasing popularity of the hit tv show, the Big Bang Theory, fans have begun to branch out and look for the coolest Big Bang Theory tee shirts they can find. As much of the show is centered on nerd culture, which prominently features things such as superhero’s and comic books, the Big Bang Theory tee shirts available have also taken on this iconic styling. Meant to appear as a page out of a comic book, the Big Bang Theory shirt, comic book, has become a fan favorite as it closely resembles the kind of shirt that would be worn by characters on the show.
Also prominently featured on the Big bang Theory tee shirts is Sheldon Cooper, one of the main characters on the show. Hailed as a genius by the scientific community, he has several quirky mannerisms that make him a unique addition to the group of friends. These unique mannerisms are also available on Big Bang Theory tee shirts which feature Sheldon Cooper, including the Head Explode shirt. This shirt shows Sheldon trying to combust the head of a rival using only his mind. Even more recognizable are the several different Bazinga! shirts available in different colors.
Also a hit in the Big Bang Theory shirts is the soft kitty shirts. The girl’s cut version of the shirt has easily become one of the best-selling girls shirts offered by the Big Bang Theory store. This pictures a cat with the lyrics to the song ‘soft kitty’, which is a song that Sheldon’s mother used

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.674786
Retrieved Text: » What do you do once you have found God?
» Big Bang, Big Flop or Big Questions?
On Wednesday last week, the world’s most powerful atom-smashing machine was turned on, to huge media excitement. The BBC feted it as “Big Bang Day”. Schoolchildren are rumoured to have gone to school in the fear that the world would end, and they would never see their parents again. The great day arrived. The vast machine was fired up… and nothing happened, apart from swathes of happy scientists grinning over the results as the machine behaved just as it was supposed to.
Of course, the world was never going to end on Wednesday 10th – and there weren’t going to be any Big Bangs that day, either. You can think of this machine, the Large Hadron Collider, as the world’s largest scalectrix-style car racing kit, the sort where two cars race around a circular track and risk colliding at cross-over points. But last Wednesday there was only one car on the track, and the other car won’t be running for a month or two. So pencil in the REAL Big Bang Day sometime around fireworks night. But be assured, any bangs you hear that night won’t be from the atom-smashers in Geneva. Their “Big” Bangs will be so tiny that you need huge instruments to detect them.
Meanwhile, this great experiment has got people talking. It’s meant to find the Higgs Boson, which some call the “God particle”. It will help us to recreate conditions that last existed less than a split

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.608751
Retrieved Text: “You’re Gone, Baby,” written by Vic McAlpin, recorded by Jimmy Logsdon as Jimmy Lloyd, 1958.
“Rocket In My Pocket,” written by Vic McAlpin and Jimmie Logsdon, recorded by Mr. Logsdon as Jimmy Lloyd, 1958.
“I Got A Rocket In My Pocket,” written by Jimmy Logsdon and Vic McAlpin, recorded by Mr. Logsdon as “Jimmy Lloyd” in 1957.
“Bang Bang,” written by Clavelle Isnard, recorded by Janis Martin, 1958.
Shakeup: Alabama has a senator who’s a Democrat. Doug Jones beat Roy Moore for the U.S. Senate seat vacated by Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III. Predictably, Roy Moore refuses to concede until God tells him he lost (he’ll settle for Miss Alabama Teen).
Video: “Alabama Shake,” written by James McClung, recorded by Gene Summers & the Tom Toms, 1964.
“Head Over Heels,” written and performed by JD McPherson.
“You Must Have Met Little Caroline?” written and performed by JD McPherson, recorded in the studios of KDHX in St. Louis. Video by Brad Jones.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.587421
Retrieved Text: ...Grabbed breakfast to go at Bang Bang Pie & Biscuits (which just opened in our neighborhood - yay!), and had the equivalent of avocado toast on a biscuit instead, which, let me tell you, is an awfully good idea ;) And then had the song "Bang Bang" stuck in my head the rest of the day.
...Went on a hunt for new shoes, but came home with this bright orange eyelet dress from J. Crew. I figure I can wear it dressed for my sister-in-law's graduation next weekend, but also paired with a denim jacket and sandals for a casual night out this summer.
...Had my sister's family over dinner at our place, which meant I got to squish my niece Mae's chubby little cheeks one million times. Jeff loves Mae, which is so cute to see!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.429491
Retrieved Text: I've got a few bits and pieces, nothing too special. But I can't find my pictures of them!
Here is one from about 25 years ago.
Lets give this a go then.
haha me too! I have an older version of the tornado. Will try and get some snaps.
nice pics mate.yes whatever you got put them up here and lets have a look.
i now a man called steve who has a nice collection!!!
great pics ppl keep them coming.
Those snake like things, are they just bundled QM?
Those "snake like things"...... makes me realise I'm getting old! I forget there's a whole generation grown up not knowing what Jumping Jack Crackers (otherwise known as Squibs, I think) are..... it must be 30 years or so since they were banned in the UK! I've many memories of seeing youths dropping them on the ground at public displays and of the spectators trying to dodge them..... you wouldn't want one to jump up your trouser leg and go "bang" there! So there was an advantage to young boys wearing shorts in those days, after all! Used in clear spaces they were great fun..... but sadly, like other fireworks of erratic flight, they got banned.
Jumping Jacks weren't made of ordinary quick match..... even with the pinches, Quick Match varieties burn way too fast. I think something more like the slower burning traditional Catherine Wheel stuff was used..... not coiled, but folded so that when it burnt to the fold you got a bit of a bang and the thing would jump off in another

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.416464
Retrieved Text: As promised, I am committing to produce one quality post a week.
This week's dilemma is a discussion on hair...again. As most of you know I received the Hana Professional Flat Iron. ave I mentioned that I am in love?
But my question today is about bangs. It seems every now and again, I get the urge to do a fringe. On the days it works, well...It look fabulous.
And the days, it doesn't....It can be a nightmare.
What are your thoughts? Bang on this winter season?
I can't do bangs because I have a stupid cowlick or whatever it is called where the hair goes up on one side. With bangs, it looks ridiculous. I have to keep my bangs grown out. Otherwise, I might try the fringed look!
I still like the bangs, on the days they don't work can you pin them up and out of your face?
ooh I like you with bangs. Bang on is right. Ive been growing mine out, but am probably gonna cut them this week, so I say. I dunno. I have that Hana straightner too. I need to do a review. My nieces LOVED it, but I prefer thinner plates. I dunno gonna try it again. You look bangin in those bangs, I miss you. Once a week is a feasable goal!
You look stunning with a fringe! The last time I went to the hairdresser she convinced me to get a fringe! I got fed up with the constant upkeep of blow dying daily and trimming it every few weeks so I decided

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.414648
Retrieved Text: Federal's American Eagle line is aimed towards high volume shooters and finds itself used for classes, matches, plinking, and general purpose training at both indoor and outdoor ranges. These .223 Remington rounds are perfect for your AR-15, SCAR, Mini-14, or other .223/5.56x45mm chambered rifles. Their relatively lower pressure makes them safe to use in all types of actions and barrels of this caliber.
The full metal jacket bullets weigh in at 55 grains which offers lighter recoil and stabilizes easily with any of the most popular barrel twists (1:7, 1:8,1:9, 1:12). The casings are made of brass and are reloadable. Federal uses reliably igniting Boxer primers and the American Eagle line is known among shooters for its medium pressure load which cycles well in all gas lengths of AR pattern rifles.
This bulk case contains five 100 round packs so you can open as little or as much as you need. Buying in bulk not only nets you high quality ammo at a great price but ships free from AmmoMan.com.
Great ammo and customer service even better!!
So far great ammo,shot out of my AR15 and minnie 14.
great ammo, american eagle,.223 fmj.
super fast shipping, best price have recommend to a friend at work, told me this am. he ordered 1000 round's , i will buy more, thank you ammo man!!
Got the order in three days but it was over a week-end. I have been firing twice a week 60-80 rounds each time and no problems. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.
Hold...squeeze...bang...hit...reload. The Federal ammo is more reliable than the govt.
I have

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.41178
Retrieved Text: a shoutout to all my fans, hi hello, thank your for coming. a shot out of the dark, run, stay still, decisions. you got shot down, it was your shoot down. you’re out. tell her goodbye. you dont know whats out there, shoot, you dont know who you are yet. lets make it westeren and have a shoot out.
Yeehaw! Tex yelled, as he drew, faster than a serpent rise up Siva’s spine. And the lass, she swooned, just like Deva, the beautiful spear carrier. And the corral ran with blood.
Between the heart and the brain.
They never did quite get along.
Pieces of each will be left behind.
bang bang! I shootout another clip, unstoppable untouchable! Like a set of ripe melons out of the bag, they go! bang bang!
There was a shootout in the Wild West today, no one knows why it happened or what caused it. But what we do know is that this shootout will change the way the West is run.
Shootout, summer 1974, Pearl St: My grandma and Grandma Betsy, who was not my grandma, stood on their porches, giving each other the evil eye across dirt driveways. After a while, Grandma Betsy snapped something in Yiddish and stormed back inside, and my grandma resumed shelling peas, the chipped enamel bowl on her lap. I hopscotched for hours with my cousins.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.397177
Retrieved Text: Download Chitty Chitty Bang Bang Over the Moon by Frank Cottrell Boyce PDF novel free. Chitty Chitty Bang BangOver the Moon is science fiction, mystery and thriller novel. Which plots the story of little boy Harry and his brilliant car.
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang Over the Moon by Frank Cottrell Boyce is a science fiction, thriller and mystery novel. There is a little kid who is kidnapped with his car mysteriously. Frank Cottrell Boyce is the author of this classic novel. The whole group of Tootings is stuck when some strange person stole their brilliant car whose name is Chitty Chitty Bang Band. The only problem is not this, there is a little in the ride on the car who also vanishes from the state. There are people searching for him everywhere but they all are failed to trace him. Harry is the rightful owner of the Chitty and now he and his car both vanish from the state.
His car got the supernatural qualities which makes it a magical car instead of latest technology car. There are limitless options left for the Tootings and find the builders of the car is one of them. No one in the state without them who got the ability to develop the same car, the only family which has done this before. There is a cruel criminal, who stole the car and kidnapped the boy. He has some other plans regarding the car and he wanted to go on the space.
Click on the button given below to download PDF Chitty Chitty

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.376587
Retrieved Text: Dylan Byrd stunned the audience and judges dancing to Ariana Grande’s “Bang Bang” on Britain’s Got Talent.
The 16-year-old’s dance moves were so impressive that he even got Simon Cowell to crack a smile while watching Dylan show off his dance moves.
It was the teen’s first time leaving Ireland and going to another country for the show.
He got a standing ovation from the crowd and three yesses from the judges. Everyone seemed impressed by Dylan’s dance moves except for Alesha Dixon who buzzed before he even finished his performance.

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: The word "tremor" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: She felt a tremor in her stomach before going on stage.
Sentence 2: Did you feel the tremor this morning?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.209778
Retrieved Text: I felt my heart beat faster.
He began to tremble all over.
He shivered in the cold.
Her eyelids flickered then opened.
The shadows of the dancers wavered on the wall.
Gently agitate the water with a paintbrush.
His bottom lip quivered and big tears rolled down his cheeks.
Her whole body seemed to vibrate with terror.
His whole body was palpitating with fear.
The birds were fluttering among the trees.
Beautiful butterflies hovered above the wild flowers.
It was silent except for the flags fluttering in the background.
The bird flapped its wings furiously.
A flag was flying on the new HQ.
Flags were waving gently in the breeze.
I had a flutter on five horses.
He made a 30 mile trip to the casino to place a bet.
My father-in-law likes a drink and the odd gamble.
I like to take the odd punt on the stock exchange.
She felt a flutter of trepidation in her stomach.
He felt a tremor in his arm.
I'll never forget the tremble in his hand.
Alice gave a shiver of delight.
She recoiled with a shudder.
The vibration dislodged the pins from the plane's rudder.
I felt a quiver of panic.
She was in a flutter.
Wherever he goes, there's always a flap.
There was a flurry of excitement.
I am in such a dither I forget to put the water in.
I was in such a fluster that I dropped the lot.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.477959
Retrieved Text: On January 26, I lost my mom to diffuse-type gastric cancer. Thankfully, it was not the hereditary form, known as HDGC. What happened to my mom and my family was a tragedy--and unfortunately I believe, a preventable one, had the US medical community been more knowledgeable about the signs and symptoms of stomach cancer.
In May 2010, she began experiencing the following symptoms of stomach cancer--inability to eat or drink, reflux, nausea, and vomiting. She immediately sought medical attention. Her family doctor did not know what was wrong with her, and so he referred her to a local cancer clinic to have a specialist look at her medical situation. The "specialist" insisted there was nothing wrong with her, and that her symptoms were psychological and due to stress. He asked her to set up an appointment in 90 days if her symptoms did not improve. My mom subsequently visited this specialist three more times before he finally figured out in February 2011 that she had cancer. He diagnosed her with Stage 1diffuse-type stomach cancer.
My mother decided to go to South Korea for treatment for two reasons. The first is the significantly higher 5 year survival rate in Korea versus the United States. The second is that we happen to have a friend who works with Dr. Young-Jae Mok of Korea University College of Medicine, and he is a well-renowed stomach cancer specialist. We were able to meet him the first week of March 2011, at which time he reviewed my mother's CAT scans and tests from the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.274677
Retrieved Text: (1) You'd think they were in mortal danger (again, not actual mortal danger) by the nervous tremor in their voices.(2) When she released him from that, he began his lines a little unsteadily, a faint tremor in his voice.(3) Jaime felt a tremor of fear and doubt surge through her body.(4) A slight tremor shook the earth, and the Colonel awoke in the guest room.(5) He stood and I thought I saw a slight tremor shake his body, and I was staring at him, transfixed.(6) The bureau also said that the tremor was an aftershock of last year's 921 earthquake.(7) The U.S. Geological Survey said the tremor had a magnitude of 4.8, and that its epicenter was six miles northwest of Tbilisi.(8) There was a tremor in her voice, as if her uncertainty had turned into a bit of fear.(9) His voice was so low and calm, but it shot a tremor of terror through her.(10) Tanya asked, and for the first time, there was a tremor in her voice.(11) Was there the slightest tremor in the Lady's hands?(12) There was a tremor in her voice that made him think she hovered on the brink of tears.(13) A glint of knowledge from within his cruel gaze pierces her armor, sending a tremor of fear through Martina.(14) Parkinson's Disease is a severe disorder of movement, presenting with muscle rigidity, tremor , and most distressing of all the inability to translate a thought into a movement.(15) The main symptoms are muscle stiffness, slowness of movement and involuntary tremor

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.2826
Retrieved Text: Kyrzayda Rodriguez was an Instagram fashion blogger who used to share posts on her Instagram account; She is no longer in this world as she passed away due to stage 4 Stomach Cancer; She was a mother of one Daughter; Also, see..
Instagram blogger Kyrzayda Rodriguez passed away at the age of 40 due to stomach cancer.
Fashion blogger Kyrzayda Rodriguez has passed away.
She was suffering from stage 4 stomach cancer.
She was a mother of one adult daughter.
A sad day in the fashion world!
Renowned fashion blogger Kyrzayda Rodriguez has passed away at the mere age of 40. The news shocked all of her fans especially with those whom she has been sharing her battle against cancer.
She was diagnosed with stomach cancer less than a year ago and unfortunately, her physical body succumbed to the disease.
Rodriguez had first announced she got diagnosed with Stage 4 Stomach cancer back in November 2017. She used to share all the latest photos from her journey, from her first chemo session to losing her hair.
Even though she was going through tough times in her life, the 40-year-old fashion blogger never stopped working. She used to post daily on her Instagram account about fashion and style.
After she lost her hair from the chemotherapy session, Rodriguez chose not to wear any wig and embraced her bald head in many inspirational posts. She is survived by her daughter but the identity of the father was a secret.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.077757
Retrieved Text: The feedback from those who were there on Saturday for “Swimming with Kate” has been universally very positive. As one woman related to me Mary Cae, the actress, was “right on”. The woman also said that the emotions Mary Cae expressed about living with her ET, the anger & frustration, were identical to what she has felt. The performance was gut-wrenching at times. I felt that it broke through the barrier that many doctors place before us – “you shake a little bit, no big deal, here’s a prescription for propranolol“. In other words, it clearly showed the emotional strain that most of us face in our everyday lives in dealing with ET.
Is Having Essential Tremor a Real Risk for Falls?
By Dr. Janice Sallitt, PT, DPT, NCS / JVS Rehab.
The answer to the above question is not a simple yes or no!
As is often the case, it depends on several factors: one of them being where the tremor is located in an individual. The most current medical view is that Essential Tremor (ET) is a syndrome, with tremor being the most obvious symptom. In some cases, it may be the only symptom.
Recent research has shown that tremor of only 1 arm did not show increased risk for imbalance; tremor of the head, jaw, and/or voice did show increased imbalance and fall risk.
Another factor in increased fall risk and/or increased imbalance in a person with ET is age. Persons with ET who are older than age 70 also correlated with increased imbalance and higher fall risk.
At this

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.549236
Retrieved Text: The Beyhive thinks Beyonce is pregnant again.
The speculation all started after fans reviewed footages from the European leg of the On The Run II Tour, some of which show the slight bulge pushing against the singer’s figure-hugging ensembles. And from the video below, Beyonce is seen wrapping up her rendition of 03 Bonnie & Clyde by placing her hand on her stomach, rubbing slowly, before strutting away.
The video brings back the memories of when she announced her first pregnancy at the 2011 VMAs; she closed off her Love on Top performance by rubbing her stomach.
See the video from last week.
And as though to troll her fans, Beyonce returned to Instagram to post seemingly cryptic photos, one of which shows her posing beside a No. 4.
To cap it all: check out this video from hours ago which shows the 36-year-old singer performing on stage with quite visible bulge.
Is she really pregnant? Knowing Beyonce, we are all going to keep guessing.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.416168
Retrieved Text: In a flash Micki shot up from the nightmare she was having, and found herself sitting straight up in bed. Taking a second to focus where she was, her heart pounded deep in her chest while sweat rolled down her face. Looking around she saw it was early morning, in fact she had over slept. Taking a deep breath she rubbed her hands over her face and sighed.
The nightmares still weren't going away. Jack told her it was just the stress of everything that happened, and within time they would just stop. But it had been nearly a month now and still the heartache and visions of what happened wouldn't leave her mind. Sighing she threw her covers to the side and slid out of bed, her bare feet touching the wooden floor. Taking her robe, she slipped it on before walking out into the kitchen.
There Johnny sat, reading the sports section of the newspaper and having a steaming cup of coffee. Micki shut her bedroom doors behind her and gave a simple tried wave before shuffling to pour herself a cup.
Micki mumbled something in return before taking a mug from the sink.
Micki rolled her eyes before taking a seat across from him, somehow Johnny had just fallen into place here. Time marched on, and so didn't the quest to get back the antiques. Taking a small sip from the coffee, Micki felt a sudden wave of nausea and slid the mug away from her. Lately in the morning she got sick from the smell of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.39873
Retrieved Text: It is our patients’ experience and the successful treatment of their illness that prompts patients to recommend us to other people.
Brad was diagnosed with a neurological disorder called essential tremor when he was in his teens. First the symptoms were tremors in his hands, later his legs began to tremor causing loss of balance; his head began to shake and his voice sounded bad. He had two Deep Brain Stimulation surgeries (DBS) to help control the tremors, and fortunately when a third surgery was on it way, friends suggested that Brad see Dr. Hino for treatment before risking another brain surgery. Dr. Hino suggested stem cell treatments which began in January 2017.
My 44 year old daughter was diagnosed 6 years ago with a very rare neurological autoimmune syndrome called Stiff Person Syndrome (SPS). The total body spasms were unbearable to watch and extremely painful for her. In December 2015 we made our first trip to Dr. Hino’s office in Mexico. Within 48 hours of the first treatment we were in disbelief. My daughter no longer needed the use of her wheelchair or walker. We couldn’t believe our eyes. We felt like we were dreaming.
I am alive today to tell you it works. After the first week of treatment I started to feel a little better. After 2 weeks of treatment I knew I was not going to die, I felt better and better every day. I did not need the wheelchair any longer. I had a great appetite and was eating again. My cough was getting

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.289778
Retrieved Text: Mistress Savage was not going to accept the fact that this guy had duped her. She was angry at him and to make sure he never even thought of it let alone do it again, she used her high heels to crush him. And she crushed his stomach, his balls and his face cruelly. She did the same to his back before she felt it was enough punishment for him.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.86498
Retrieved Text: WOW - REVIVAL IS IN THE AIR!!! - more revival testimonies! I received an email from Darren Stott from Seattle Revival Center this morning with these highlights. They launched into extended meetings. PTL!!!!
1. Two young people led a man to Jesus and rebuked his 4th stage cancer. The cancer has now been in remission for three days. We are hoping to water baptize him on Saturday night.
2. A woman was watching the meeting in her hospital room, her esophagus was bleeding into her stomach and the emergency surgery failed. When Charlie and everybody in the room began praying for her over the camera she felt fire rip through her neck, she said it felt like a second surgery. She was immediately healed and released from the hospital the next morning.
3. We are seeing countless healings, salvations, Holy-spirit baptisms, and deliverance.
Whoo hoo!!!!!! Lets continue to rejoice, pray, and birth!
Posted in Cancer & Other Diseases, Creative Miracles, Salvations and tagged with stage 4, patricia king, darren stott, seattle, revival, center, cancer, remission, esophagus, bleeding, doctor verified, hospital, emergency.
March 4, 2016 by Brae Wyckoff.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.598763
Retrieved Text: Jonathan, from Maryland, has essential tremor and experienced a lessening of his tremor recently after experiencing treatment for an infection, high fever and sepsis. He shares his story with Peter and us. What can we learn from this?
“Mrs. Slaughter, why does your head shake?” You have to just love the power of observation that children have, especially middle schoolers. With this seven word question my journey with essential tremor became a topic that I really wanted to just keep private. This was 12 plus years ago. The first neurologist I went to actually knew something about ET. Reassured by the doctor that it wasn’t Parkinson’s disease and with my Primidone prescription in hand my journey began. With that blunt question from a student I knew I could no longer keep my “problem” a secret. So this was the beginning of the wonderful first days of school explaining in each class why they would see my head shake. Not something I wanted to deal with but again children are very curious and won’t stop the questions unless they get a satisfactory answer. So for the next few years medication controlled the tremors to some degree but they were always present and needed at times to be explained, even to the parents. Parents quite understandably want the best for their child but in many ways, deep down; I felt this was an invasion of my personal life but what can you do when it is so visible. A couple of years ago when the Primidone no longer was

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.494936
Retrieved Text: The first night of her residency had felt like a big win. People came to it! They participated in the activities! She even noticed people introducing themselves to other participants at their tables. She was just relieved that it hadn’t been only her, her cousin, and the other musicians there. It was definitely an intimate audience, as they say, but she felt successful.
The Day 21 challenge on your journey is to discover your joy while performing.
Feeling like she was on fast-forward through the day, our diva found herself back at Hail House for the second night before she knew it. Everyone had shown up on time for the sound check and the speakers were energized for their new activities for this at-bat. People were trickling in right before the start time. Our diva moved around the crowd and did her best to engage people and introduce herself. Those nametags were such a good idea, she thought. It helped her put faces to names of the ticket buyers and it seemed to help people notice her role in the whole ordeal and want to ask her more.
Standing near a questionable painting of Pizza Rat, our diva was deep into a conversation with mental health professionals who had heard about the event from the speakers. Something caught the corner of her eye and she turned for a moment to witness the clarinetist who had bailed at the last minute walking in through the front door. Stunned, she felt a little taken aback. “This guy bails on me at

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.098866
Retrieved Text: A student at the University of Tennessee, Graham Gaddis Gaddis is presented with every day challenges because of his essential tremor. It affects his ability to write legibly, hold a drink in his hand and spread peanut butter on his sandwich. But, he is determined to not let it take over his life.
Megan Hartley has taken the initiative to educate others about what she calls “invisible conditions” like essential tremor. A student at Florida Southern University, she said essential tremor will not define her.
Robert Holder is majoring in health and human sciences at Georgia Southern University. Diagnosed with essential tremor at age 14, he doesn’t remember a time when his hands did not noticeably shake.
Deirdre Maciak started experiencing essential tremor symptoms during middle school and was diagnosed with the condition during her sophomore year in high school. An incoming freshman at Salem State University, MA, she decided to pursue a degree in nursing or biology because she wants to make an impact on others who struggle with lifelong conditions like essential tremor.
It was her first year of college when Casey Becker began experiencing symptoms of essential tremor. Today, she is working toward her PhD in psychology so she can study the brain and help others who are impacted by conditions related to the brain. “By studying the brain, my disorders have turned from a psychological burden into a fascinating first-hand experience,” she said.
This is Brogan Speraw’s third IEFT scholarship. He said his essential tremor has given him the skill of adaptability, a strength that has impressed

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.971045
Retrieved Text: I received this book for free in exchange for an honest review. This does not affect my opinion of the book in any way.
Just from reading the synopsis, I knew One True Loves was going to make me cry. Crying because of a book is nothing new to me; I’ve cried plenty of times at that one sad moment in a book. One True Loves, though, had me crying throughout the book.
Reading One True Loves was like riding a roller coaster. I would be sitting in happy anticipation of what’s to come one moment, then feel my stomach drop and be overwhelmed with sadness the next. Emma falling in love for the first time with Jesse caused me to have the happy butterflies in my stomach. I enjoyed reading about them and the travel adventures they went on by themselves and as a couple. They got married in their 20s and they were perfect for each other.
When Jesse never returned after a trip I was able to feel Emma’s devastation. It was emotionally crushing to read what she was going through at the loss of her husband. I was able to feel her sorrow for Jesse’s loss, but also her hope for love again when she meets Sam.
Where Emma’s relationship with Jesse was exciting, Emma’s relationship with Sam was so sweet. Emma became a person she never thought she would be after the loss of Jesse. She was happy, comfortable, and knew where life was going to head when, suddenly, Jesse came back into her life

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.920717
Retrieved Text: "Candace" had such a severe terror of flying that she had not been on a plane for 22 years. She called me because an important family event was taking place in a few months and she didn't want to miss it. But attending the event would involve a 5-hour flight. She was nearly hopeless yet determined to face her fears.
As our phone session began, I gathered history and found that she did have some traumatic memories from her few flying experiences long ago. In one case, a plane had not pressurized correctly, and in another the plane had to be diverted because of fog. The feeling in her body when she thought about being on a plane was, "a little like throwing up -- sick to my stomach."
We started tapping using her words and focusing on the body sensation, which was a 6-7.
At the end of the round of tapping, Candace said, "What bothers me is thinking about the plane in the air. All I can think about is a lack of support and falling. It's a sensation of, I'm going to fall any second!" This felt like a horrible dread in her stomach, an 8 in intensity. So we tapped again using her words.
This sadness... this little one is falling... afraid no one is going to catch her... terrified... I'm going to hit... it's going to hurt... so sad... I love and accept this little child.
Candace was feeling very emotional and tears were coming. She said, "I believe I had some early childhood trauma. My

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.802624
Retrieved Text: Today was a good day for her. The last few days have been rough and her health was declining. It was nice to hear her talk and see her eat.
For years Rosa felt like something was wrong. She had stomach pains and had continuously went to her Dr. for help. Her Dr. continuously misdiagnosed her pains for indigestion. In August 2016, my mom(Rosa) went to the emergency room due to these pains and was diagnosed with stage 4 adenocarcinoma of the stomach which matastisized to the liver. She began chemo therapy shortly after being diagnosed. She went through 4 different chemo drugs over about a year and a half. The chemo stopped working on the tumor and the cancer so the Dr. switched her to immunotherapy. This therapy went on for 3 months but did not have an effect on the cancer. In March 2018 the dr. recommended for her to focus on quality of life and told her that there were no other treatments that would work. At this point her cancer has taken over her liver. She is no longer walking, is having a hard time talking, and opens her eyes only for a few seconds at a time.
I wanted to set up this site to share her story and to inform friends and family of her status. Please follow her days and share you stories of her.
As you all know she is the most caring and giving person. She has always put others feelings before her own and I can bet there are

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.66491
Retrieved Text: The corpses lay one on top of another in a grisly tower of butchered flesh and twisted limbs. Shadowed echoes of their screams seemed to chill the surrounding air. The topmost man had been decapitated, a deer’s head sewn onto his neck, mouth open in a grotesque imitation of human surprise. Eldris staggered back and fell against the trunk of a tall pine. His bowels loosened in fear and he felt a damp warmth spread down his legs. The fragrant scent of the pine needles which carpeted the clearing wasn’t enough to stifle the sickeningly appetising smell of flesh roasting over a cooking fire. Human flesh, he realised.
The whispered words of the spirit weren’t hissing with venomous threat as they had been before. There was a pitiful, keening note to their song. Hilda strained her ears and listened closer. It was a mournful howl. Spinning around her on the wind. Where was it coming from?
Whatever the sound was, it died in a series of sorrowful yelps. She notched an arrow to the string of her bow and carried on through the morass. Ears and eyes straining through the screen of long grass.
There it was again. A bark of fright and a rustle in the thick shrubs to her right. Hilda turned and dashed towards the noise. Drew the string back to her ear and loosed an arrow into the shadows. A wet thud and a heavy splash. One last howling moan.
The seal was only a pup. It still hadn’t lost some of its soft white down.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.515837
Retrieved Text: New Year’s Day brings the opportunity for new adventures. This new year, one of my new adventures is to participate in the daily blog post challenge from the Daily Post. Another is to move my writing blog from there to here!
Teresa awoke with a tingling sensation in her hand, and a hunger in her belly.
Why in the world was she so hungry? Contemplating the large bowl of ice cream she ate just before going to bed, she should have felt a little more satisfied. After all, the last few days of holiday feasting usually led to the opposite, a deep seated feeling of overstuffed-ness, with a hint of nausea.
None of that appeared today.
Shoving her husbands arm gently off her waist, and stomach growling loudly, she stepped into the kitchen, managing despite her half-closed eyes not to knock over any of the many residues of the New Year’s Party.
Grabbing for her kitty mug, filling it with stale coffee from the day before, but to hungry to care, she expected to place it in the old, loud microwave.
Instead, the tingling in her hand grew immediately stronger, engulfing her entire palm. The heat in her hand was comfortable but strange, powerful but not at all painful, as she watched the coffee in the kitty mug warm enough to allow gently wisps of steam to escape.
Bringing the coffee to her lips, her eyes now wide open with a mixture of awe and giddiness, she tasted some of the brew, and chuckled.
Not too hot, not too cold, heated to perfection.
“Cool“, she

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.445112
Retrieved Text: She was to have a follow up Colonoscopy in early fall of 2010 to see if she had fully healed from her ruptured bowel. MRI’s in September of that year indicated they could not do the Colonoscopy because she still was not fully healed. Instead they opted to see if she had further GI involvement and did an Endoscopy to see if her stomach and esophagus were involved. The test revealed three large holes in her stomach; ulcers, which were the result of 33 years of anti inflammatory medicines. At that time, she was removed from all pain medicines due to the damage they had done to her gastro intestinal tract. Her doctors wanted to put her on Methotrexate, but we were not in agreement. We felt the risk was too great. It just did not make any sense to take a drug that made it necessary to check her kidneys and liver regularly for any damage. In the end, the treatment could have been worse than the disease.
In October we were in a car accident; rear-ended by a car going 40 miles an hour. There were not any serious injuries and no one was taken to the hospital, but for Kinna, things went from bad to worse because she was unable to use medication to help with her greatly increased pain.
Starting in December of 2010, Kinna received light therapy three times a week. The light was applied to her brain stem, spine, hands, and knees. After her first 3 treatments, she could feel the difference.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.403479
Retrieved Text: Fleet Admiral Alex Beatty watched the smoke rise from the cigarette in his hand. A single hand rubbed his forehead while he looked at the holographic plot before him. Taking a deep drag on his cigarette, he blew it back out in disgust, his eyes never leaving the plot. The two images on the plot he stared at were twisting his stomach in knots as he contemplated them.
Beatty felt his stomach drop to the floor as the words sunk in. The walls of his office started to close in as his breath started to race. Jesus, this couldn’t be happening, could it? Almir was at the wrong place and the wrong time-again!
Beatty kicked the side of his desk with a roar that shook the walls of his office. Looking at the dent he put in his dark, cherry desk, he felt a sense of regret from what he just did. He sat down heavily in his chair, his eyes locked on the ceiling as he leaned back. Just once, wouldn’t it be nice if the person finding the **** weren’t one Katherine Almir? Trying to kill her didn’t seem to work, he cursed, since she wouldn’t take the hint and keep her damned nose out of where it didn’t belong!
Beatty leaned back in his chair, his eyes closed as he fought to regain control of himself. There was nothing about one Katherine Almir he took lightly anymore. After watching her single-handedly survive a squad of mercenaries hunting her on Selvior, there was nothing she did that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.34335
Retrieved Text: When Rose hugged her husband one early evening, she smelled Obsession perfume in his beard. She slid out of his embrace.
After the scene in which a wife discovers her husband’s infidelity by the perfidious perfume in his hair, David cleared his throat. Searching for his hand, hers bumped against his hard-on—after a sultry scene—proving to Rose that he lusted for other women. Now it was certain: one plus one. From a seat next to hers, a young man’s knee protruded, touching hers, first lightly and then firmly and warmly. She withdrew her knee but felt the neighbor’s knee inching toward her as a threat, a threat the man seemed to hide from her, and she from the man and from her husband.
The following morning, however, she could not concentrate on her therapy clients. A young man, a philosophy student, told her he would kill himself because nothingness was the source of being. The philosophical solution to the problem of existence was nonexistence—to the problem of life, death. And what is the psychological solution? he asked. Love, she answered. What a cliché! he responded.
That evening her husband remarked that since she seemed melancholy again, they should go out. A friend of his from college, a Cuban exile and painter, had just called from Saratoga and invited them out for an evening.
Ricardo welcomed them at the door in a bright-yellow shirt with red and purple canaries. He cooked brook trout, seasoned with garlic and butter. Rose relished the garlic while David tried to extract bits of it from

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.292343
Retrieved Text: Tuesday night a stomach bug or food poisoning or possibly the plague hit me hard and I was down and out. I can usually push through. I get migraines frequently, so I’ve learned how to parent even while feeling less than 100%, but this was something else. Surely I was dying because I had never felt such an awful combination of nausea and just severe stomach pain before in my life and this is coming from someone who threw up for almost the entire nine months of her pregnancy.
I told her, “thanks, baby. You do such a good job taking care of mom. You are such a good doctor.” (Doc McStuffins is a bit of a hero to her.) She curled up next to me and quickly fell asleep, obviously tired after playing with Grandma all day.
It is in moments like this, laying there on the sofa, even while feeling sicker than I’ve ever felt before, that I realize just how lucky I am to have this sweet empathetic little girl.
Her heart is so big and she genuinely cares about not just me, but everyone she meets. I only pray that she holds on to that with every fiber of her being. This world can be cruel and cold and it is so easy to stop caring so much. But baby girl, never stop. Keep loving, keeping caring, keep being you. You will make a difference in this world. You will be a change.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.207119
Retrieved Text: Violinist Naomi Elishuv gave her surgeons their own private Mozart concert Tuesday — as they operated on her brain.
Elishuv performed professionally with the Lithuanian National Symphony Orchestra before being diagnosed with essential tremor two decades ago, according to the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center. The neurological condition can effect muscles throughout the body, but for Elishuv, it meant a trembling of the hands and the end of her orchestral career.
Earlier this week, surgeons inserted a pacemaker into the affected area of Elishuv’s brain to regulate her tremors through electric impulses. According to the hospital’s director of functional neurosurgery, Yitzhak Fried, she was asked to play during the procedure because he and other doctors needed Elishuv’s “active participation in real-time” to implant the pacemaker.
Now, thanks to the life-changing operation, she’s regained her rhythm.
“When we activated the stimulation in the exact location, we found that the tremor had disappeared and Elishuv continued to play Mozart — with great emotion, but without the tremor or side effects,” Fried told Israeli newspaper Haaretz. According to RT.com, it was the first time Fried had operated on someone playing an instrument.
The different between her playing before and after the surgery is clearly apparent in video above.
Previous article QUIZ: What’s The Best Workout For Your Personality?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.181305
Retrieved Text: Yesterday, St. Vincent shared an Instagram video of her warming up before her show in Asheville, NC, where she covered Pearl Jam‘s “Tremor Christ.” It’s a tender, stripped-down take on the original, which appeared on their 1994 album Vitalogy. If you may recall, this isn’t the first time the worlds of St. Vincent and Pearl Jam have collided, as both artists and Carrie Brownstein joined forces in 2013 to cover Neil Young‘s “Rockin’ In The Free World.” You can watch both of those videos below.
Speaking of Carrie Brownstein, St. Vincent covered Sleater-Kinney’s “Modern Girl” last month before her show in San Francisco. She also recently released a cover of Rihanna and SZA‘s “Consideration” for Spotify Sessions. You can hear both of those below.
St. Vincent will be headlining several festivals later this year, including NYC’s Panorama, UK festival End of the Road, and the 2018 edition of Coachella (as well as a official Coachella sideshow in Los Angeles).
“Tremor Christ” warm up in Asheville.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.114082
Retrieved Text: It was a South Bay mother's intuition. She knew her daughter wasn't just suffering from bad stomach aches.
SAN JOSE, Calif. (KGO) -- When it comes to mother's intuition, Miriam Villanueva from San Jose has all of that and more. The mother of two noticed her daughter Destinee, 10, was acting strangely, and was complaining about constant abdominal pain.
Multiple trips to the hospital gave no explanation for the pain her young daughter was dealing with.
In March, the Villanueva family took a vacation to Universal Studios. They didn't have any knowledge of the wild ride ahead. Destinee told ABC7 News she felt such pain during that trip.
"I just didn't want to say because I didn't want to ruin everything," Destinee said. "So I kind of just kept it to myself."
Destinee couldn't hide the pain for long, and the pain grew worse.
The family attended a wedding, and instead of watching Destinee out on the dance floor, they found her sleeping.
Miriam insisted the family rush to the emergency room. She told ABC7 News she wasn't going to leave the hospital without an explanation and without a CT scan.
Doctors notified Miriam and her husband, Jovani, about a nearly 5-pound, stage 3 malignant cancerous tumor growing in one of Destinee's ovaries.
The tumor ruptured and was leaking cancer cells to the girl's stomach. Miriam said doctors suggested emergency surgery and chemotherapy, optimistic about Destinee's recovery.
"It sounded so easy at the moment," Miriam said. "But the moment they mentioned chemotherapy, I knew what was coming."
Chemo treatments had taken a toll on the 10-year-old, who

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.98115
Retrieved Text: We have no way of knowing if human beings have experienced tremors since the dawn of our remote ancestors. I have a hunch that essential tremor (ET) goes well back before recorded history. However, once the ancients were able to set down their observations on papyrus, parchment, or paper, “the shakes” have been documented throughout the ages.
I found a fascinating article on the subject by Jean P. Hubble, M.D.i She clearly put a great deal of research into it, and she cites evolving medical testimony from ancient writings through modern times. Not only does she include healers and scientists, but she even turns to literature and art to reveal how tremors have been viewed in earlier times.
With all due credit to Dr. Hubble, I want to share sections of her article that I found especially noteworthy or engaging.
Ancient India and Egypt – both of these cultures developed medical practices that recognized chronic disease conditions. Some historians feel that certain 4,000-year old Ayurvedic practices in India were aimed at managing tremors. Medical documents from Egypt in 1200 B.C. also appear to mention tremors.
Tremors are mentioned in the Bible’s Old Testament. The book of Ecclesiastes (12:3) mentions trembling movements seen in the elderly; in Psalms (99:1) it is noted that trembling can result from fear, and Dr. Hubble remarks that many people with ET bind their tremors worsen with strong, intense emotions and anxiety.
Closer to our own time, physicians in the 18th and 19th centuries wrote several papers not only specifying tremors and related symptoms, but also recognizing

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.978418
Retrieved Text: A sound of tortured misery escaped his throat on a low groan. “Delaney, you need to step away and show me to the door, right now. If you don’t, if you wait one more minute, I won’t be able to leave. Do you understand what I’m telling you, sweetheart? If you want me to leave, now is the time to tell me.” He started to move away but she wouldn’t let him, clasping her arms around his waist and holding on tight.
He held his arms out to his sides, not touching her. Even so, she felt a tremor pass through him as he fought to hold onto his control.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.947067
Retrieved Text: A disturbing experiment causes a assistant to seek counselling.
Sitting in the stylish waiting room I did wonder what I was going to say. As I pretended to read one of the magazines from the sleek little glass coffee table I wondered how I would start. After all, this wasn’t really my problem. It was more a work thing; well, sort of. On the other hand I had found myself drawn to the subject, so maybe it was my issues that had brought me. I had an odd mix of conflicting emotions, but either way I was ever so pleased she could see me at such short notice. I knew she liked to make people wait so that by the time they got into her office they were dying to blurt everything out before even sitting down.
But I still hated waiting. My palms were itchy and I kept shuffling in my seat. My thoughts were not coherent and jumped from celebrity gossip that my brain had subconsciously picked up through a kind of osmosis as I held the glossy pages in my hand and what I really wanted to talk about – Philip’s experiment.
Dr Alexander is a colleague of mine and a well known couples councillor but although she specializes in marriage therapy she still has a few individuals that seek out her very specialist expertise. We have known each other since university. She was the year above me but still gave me time to pick her brain now and then if I wanted some help or

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.946367
Retrieved Text: At 29, Ellie Finch Hulme was diagnosed with a condition often associated with much older people – Parkinson’s disease. She decided it wasn’t going to stop her living her life the way she wanted to.
Ellie doesn’t fit the stereotype of someone with Parkinson’s disease, as one of her recent tweets makes clear.
They expect someone with Parkinson’s to be white-haired and stooping, but Ellie, who lives in Farnham in Surrey, has young onset (or early onset) Parkinson’s disease, and was diagnosed before she was 30.
A survey of more than 2,000 people for Parkinson’s UK, to mark World Parkinson’s day, found that 87% of people with the condition had faced discrimination or harassment.
Her GP suspected the problem was something called “essential tremor”, a movement disorder, but Ellie wasn’t convinced. After seeing a neurologist in April 2013 she underwent a series of scans and tests and was finally diagnosed with the condition that August.
By coincidence, in her work as a translator Ellie had been working on a text about one of the scans she herself was given. This led her to suspect she had Parkinson’s before it was confirmed.
Ellie says it took a long time to accept that she had Parkinson’s but one of the hardest experiences was having to break the news to friends and relatives.
“I think it was more difficult for friends and family to accept than it really was for me,” she says.
“That was intentional,” she says.
Not many people with Parkinson’s disease become pregnant. Although a third of people with the condition get it before the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.921646
Retrieved Text: A 21 year old woman suffering from depression and fatigue, as well as recurring canker sores came in for acupuncture treatment. She had trouble waking up in the morning and felt drowsy throughout the day. She constantly had anxiety and sometimes palpitations. After the initial treatment of acupuncture she immediately felt more energetic. With additional 6 more treatments over a period of 2 months, her increased energy level was maintained. Her naps and feelings of drowsiness no longer troubled her. Her canker sores occurred less frequently.
While she was getting treated for these ailments, she developed stomach pain and poor appetite in her workplace. After comprehensive conversations, Dr. Song noted that the cause of these symptoms was most likely due to the cold temperature from excessive air conditioning in her work environment. Initially the patient did not think it was the cause. After customized herbal formulas and advice on how to protect the stomach area from the cold environment, her stomach pain no longer bothered her.

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: The word "response" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: This situation developed in response to events in Africa.
Sentence 2: His responses have slowed with age.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.792149
Retrieved Text: A large team of researchers with members from the U.K., Canada, Uganda and Zimbabwe has found that the common antibiotic cotrimoxazole reduces adverse health events in children with HIV. In their paper published in the journal Science Translational Medicine, the group describes testing the effectiveness of the antibiotic in young HIV patients and what they found.
Over the past several decades, scientists have made great strides in treating people who have been infected with HIV—so much so that it is no longer considered lethal, at least in people who live in developed countries. In many parts of Africa, the situation is much more dire—many people who become infected cannot afford the cocktail of drugs required to treat the infection. There is also the problem of high transmission rates. In response to the situation, medical personnel in Africa have been looking for other ways to help those with HIV infections, particularly children. One such treatment is the inexpensive antibiotic cotrimoxazole, which has a prophylactic effect. Researchers suspect that the drug may also reduce adverse health events associated with HIV infections such as pneumonia. In this new effort, the researchers sought to find whether the antibiotic really did help HIV patients.
The researchers gave cotrimoxazole to 293 children with HIV infections living in Uganda and Zimbabwe for 96 weeks. Then they collected plasma samples from all of the children and ceased administering the antibiotic to half of them. The researchers then collected plasma samples from all of the children again 48 weeks later and compared what they found.
The researchers report

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.256182
Retrieved Text: The Civilian Response to Active Shooter Events (CRASE) course, designed and built on the Avoid, Deny, Defend strategy developed by ALERRT in 2004, provides strategies, guidance and a proven plan for surviving an active shooter event.
Topics include the history and prevalence of active shooter events, the role of professional guardians, civilian response options, medical issues, and drills.
Instructor: Certified CRASE instructors from the Liverpool Police Department will be conducting the two hour 45 minute training.
This course is designed for anyone who might be faced with an active shooter situation, which unfortunately is everyone. As we saw most recently in Las Vegas, this can happen anywhere, at any time. Will you know what to do?
This is free event for anyone interested in attending. Registration is required.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.212807
Retrieved Text: The first healthy UK volunteer has received a candidate Ebola vaccine in Oxford today in a safety trial carried out by the University of Oxford.
Ruth Atkins, a communications and engagement manager working for NHS Central Southern Commissioning Support Unit from Marcham in Oxfordshire who is 48 years of age, was injected with the candidate Ebola vaccine in her upper arm this morning, after a clinical assessment and a blood sample was taken. She is the first of 60 volunteers to participate in the Oxford trial, which is being led by Professor Adrian Hill of the University's Jenner Institute.
Ms Atkins, who has previously worked as a nurse in the NHS, said: 'I volunteered because the situation in West Africa is so tragic and I thought being part of this vaccination process was something small I could do to hopefully make a huge impact. I first heard about the trial while driving home from work when Professor Hill was interviewed on BBC Radio Oxford and asked for volunteers to come forward.
I volunteered because the situation in West Africa is so tragic and I thought being part of this vaccination process was something small I could do to hopefully make a huge impact.
The candidate Ebola vaccine has been co-developed by the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) and GlaxoSmithKline against the Zaire species of Ebola, which is the one circulating in West Africa.
It uses a single Ebola virus protein to generate an immune response. As it does not contain infectious virus material, it cannot cause a person who is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.42043
Retrieved Text: We’ve developed software known as Emergency Response Intelligence Capability (or ERIC) to automate situation reporting during large-scale emergency events.
LATTE is a software tool that deciphers patterns in how people interact with websites, in order to improve the customer experience.
Libraries face unique challenges when using social media channels to help deliver services. We have developed tools to support libraries in dealing with complex data archival and analysis as well as customer engagement.
Our Workspace software offers scientists and researchers an easy way to analyse, model and visualise scientific datasets.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.27678
Retrieved Text: To address the consequences of the global phenomenon of El Niño, FAO is moving forward on the development of response plans for emergency interventions, recovery and resilience building. Including Ethiopia, 20 countries (in Africa, the South Pacific, Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean) are being targeted as high priority, with a further 21 countries being monitored closely.
In Ethiopia, the El Niño crisis is first and foremost a livelihoods crisis. The drought has had a profound impact on the livelihoods of agriculture- and livestock-dependent households, causing thousands to rely on food aid. In the coming year, expected flooding is likely to further exacerbate their critical situation. To safeguard agriculture-based livelihoods, an immediate solution must be put in place to restore food production and income generation.
The FAO Ethiopia El Niño Response Plan aims to assist 1.8 million vulnerable pastoralists, agropastoralists and smallholder farmers in 2016. To achieve this, FAO will prioritize agricultural production support in order to reduce the food gap, livestock interventions to protect the livelihood assets of pastoralists and agropastoralists, and activities to enhance the resilience of affected communities through coordinated response.
The one-year Response Plan was developed to provide flexibility to be modified to respond to the evolving needs of targeted populations. By protecting livelihood assets and supporting production, FAO’s proposed response aims to reduce the impacts incurred by El Niño-driven drought and floods, and strengthen the ability of households to cope with future shocks.
Covering the most immediate needs of affected households and means for sustainable recovery, this FAO Response Plan supports an integrated approach that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.17911
Retrieved Text: With the ever evolving world of infectious diseases, being prepared to identify and respond to potentially highly infectious patients is critical. Through the Serious Infectious Disease Network(SIDN) Alabama’s tiered response will be a coordinated effort. A tiered response requires that each healthcare provider understands their role and responsibility. This program will provide an overview of Alabama’s SIDN, to include descriptions of front line and assessment hospitals, emergency medical services and notification processes.
Important Ebola Information: EMS specific guidelines regarding care and transport of suspected patients.
This outbreak is unprecedented in Africa- may surpass all other Ebola outbreaks combined; will be a long hard fight, but we have the right tools- "traditional public health"
On August 8, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak to be an international public health emergency. CDC's staff is working in partnership with affected countries on exit border screening procedures to control the spread of the outbreak.For more information and latest updates, please see Ebola Virus Disease on ADPH and the CDC's Ebola Hemorrhagic Fever website.
CDC has released key messages and a response update on the ebola situation.
The ADPH Epidemiology Division has developed a fast facts flyer for those who might have to deal with an ebola situation.
The Children and Disasters section of the AAP website also has resources available.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) released updated information related to human infections with influenza A (H7N9) in China.
-- Interim Guidance on Case Definitions to be Used for Avian Influenza A (H7N9) Case Investigations in the United States. The guidance is available online.
-- Interim

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.157707
Retrieved Text: The situation in Yemen continues to deteriorate since fighting and violence intensified in late March 2015. Virtually the entire country is affected by the ongoing conflict and humanitarian needs have increased exponentially, resulting in 80 per cent of the population being in need of some form of humanitarian assistance. More than 2.5 million people – around 10 per cent of the total population – are internally displaced as of 30 November 2015.
Prior to the crisis, Yemen was hosting more than 263,900 refugees, the majority from Somalia, who require continued protection and assistance. Notwithstanding the ongoing conflict in Yemen, refugees, asylum-seekers and vulnerable migrants, the majority from Ethiopia and Somalia, have continued to arrive in Yemen in search of protection or to transit onwards to the Arabian Peninsula. In 2015 alone, 92,446 new arrivals reached Yemeni shores.
Alongside internal displacement, people are fleeing the country in considerable numbers. By the end of 2015, more than 99,000 persons of concern from Yemen had been reported in countries in the East and Horn of Africa, mainly in Djibouti, Ethiopia, Somalia, and Sudan, as well as in the Gulf region. As the situation in Yemen continues to deteriorate, and based on recent trends, it is anticipated that movements to the East and Horn of Africa, the Gulf States, and beyond will continue at similar rates in 2016.
Following the system-wide L3 emergency declaration for Yemen on 1 July 2015, UNHCR declared the Yemen situation an internal level 3 emergency and designated a Regional Refugee Coordinator (RRC) for the Yemen situation under the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.89995
Retrieved Text: President Nannerl O. Keohane rejected a call from a student-faculty group for the university to divest from companies with military ties to Israel. In her statement, Keohane said the tactic of divestment was "was not well designed" for the purpose of resolving the complicated issues of the region.
" It is of course appropriate for members of the Duke community to express their opposition to the policies of the government of Israel, and for others to make clear their own support for those policies. But divestment is not the right response; it is too blunt an instrument to use in a situation where there are good arguments to be made about responsibility and complicity on both sides of this conflict."
The campus group, DukeDivest, had called for university divestment from companies providing military assistance to Israel as a way, it says, to pressure the Israeli government to work toward peace in the region. A Duke student organizer told The Chronicle that its effort would go on. "We will continue to make the call for divestment through teach-ins, rallies, and meetings with the president," junior Yousuf Al-Bulushi said.
Organizers had compared the effort with similar initiatives in the 1980s to force universities to divest from South Africa. But in her statement, Keohane noted there were significant differences between the two: "In the case of South Africa, where many people came to believe that divestment was warranted, there was an extraordinary level of moral clarity about questions of responsibility. There were also well-developed mechanisms in place to ensure that connections were

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.481636
Retrieved Text: View the full table of contents for the Annual Review of Medicine, Volume 68.
Thus, many other animals found in the Arabian Peninsula, such as goats, horses, chickens, sheep, poultry, and camels, were tested for MERS-CoV seropositivity. Only dromedary camels were found to be positive for anti-MERS-CoV antibody. Dromedary camels are present throughout Africa and the Arabian Peninsula, and camels at these sites were shown to be seropositive with rates as high as 80% in some populations (reviewed in 47). Surprisingly, serum samples from as far back as 1982 in Africa and 1992 in Saudi Arabia were positive for MERS-CoV antibodies. This suggests that MERS-CoV has infected camels for an extended period of time and raises the question of why MERS was not detected in patients in Saudi Arabia before 2012.
Following these events, Ebola suddenly seemed potentially dangerous far beyond West Africa, and the epidemic was discussed at the highest political levels internationally. Ebola was debated on the floor of the United Nations (UN), and the Security Council described it as a threat to peace and security. In September 2014, the UN Secretary General established the United Nations Mission for Ebola Emergency Response (UNMEER) to scale up the response on the ground in the heavily affected countries, coordinating the delivery of logistic, technical, and financial support. This gesture not only conveyed the perceived gravity of the situation but also lack of confidence in WHO’s organizational capacity for emergency response to the crisis. Hitherto, the only disease to have received such high-level attention internationally was AIDS, which had

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.393753
Retrieved Text: Yu-Ling (Betty) Chang, Stacey D. Scott, and Mark Hancock. In Proc. ITS, pp. 185-194, 2014.
Human operators collaborating to complete complex tasks, such as a team of emergency response operators, need to maintain a high level of situation awareness to appropriately and quickly respond to critical changes. Even though automation can help manage complex tasks and rapidly update information, it may create confusion that negatively impacts operators’ situation awareness, and result in sub-optimal decisions. To improve situation awareness in co-located environments on digital tabletop computers, we developed an interactive event timeline that enables exploration of historical system events, using a collaborative digital board game as a case study. We conducted a user study to examine two factors, placement of timelines for multiple users and location of awareness feedback, to understand their impact on situation awareness. The study revealed that interaction with the timeline was correlated with improved situation awareness, and that displaying feedback both on the game board and timeline was the most preferred.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.260605
Retrieved Text: Doctor of Historical Sciences, Professor, Chief Researcher, Institute for African Studies Russian Academy of Sciences.
The meeting between the Russian and South African presidents at the recent BRICS summit in Johannesburg was particularly valuable marking the birth of a new stage in bilateral relations. The course for all-out cooperation was sealed by the signing of a Joint Statement.
Late in the evening of February 14, 2018, South African President Jacob Zuma publicly announced his resignation. This step was preceded by dramatic events – a conflict within the ruling party, the African National Congress (ANC), between his supporters and opponents, caused primarily by corruption scandals related directly to Zuma.
For many years, the West, including the United States and the EU states, especially the former colonial power United Kingdom aimed to “change the regime” in Zimbabwe, applying sanctions and waging a constant information war, which, of course, could not but affect negatively the situation in this country. But it seems that the current events were caused, first of all, by internal struggle and, moreover, by subjective factors.
On June 26, South Africa marked the 60th anniversary of the Freedom Charter that became an action program for all South African anti-racism forces. Approved by 3,000 delegates to the Congress of the People, who arrived from all regions of the country, this document was a response to the National Party’s apartheid policies.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.174513
Retrieved Text: Farmers and their families in five African countries will gain some financial protection against drought this growing season through a catastrophe insurance pool launched in May by African Risk Capacity (ARC). Set up two years ago by the African Union, this specialized agency aims to help 54 member states on the vast African continent manage the devastating risks caused by the growing number of extreme weather events and natural disasters.
ARC, in turn, has created a specialist hybrid mutual insurance company—African Risk Capacity Insurance—to issue insurance policies to African governments and keep their budgets out of the red.
The first subscribers to take out contracts for the 2014 insurance pool, which covers the agricultural season that began May 1, are Kenya, Mauritania, Mozambique, Niger and Senegal. That makes the governments of these nations members of the insurance pool, along with the United Kingdom and Germany, which have contributed around $230 million to fund the project.
The insurance mechanism aims to curb African governments’ perennial reliance on external emergency aid when weather conditions devastate crop production in struggling economies. These countries frequently turn to a lengthy global appeals system run by donor governments and international agencies, such as the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. The drought-stricken countries and their vulnerable people must then wait as monies are collected and allocated on a largely ad hoc basis.
Technology will help ARC slash this response time by using a new software application, Africa RiskView. Developed by the World Food Programme, the food assistance branch of the United Nations, Africa

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.063353
Retrieved Text: Marketing is narrow related with the culture of a country and its economic situation. The impact of marketing in high developed could be larger than in a less developed country where not everyone has access to internet. The best masters in marketing ranked in Africa can be found in the North African countries; Morocco, Algeria & Tunis and in South Africa on 4 universities.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.894606
Retrieved Text: Corporate Sustainability: All Talk and No Action?
Is 'corporate sustainability' one of those tasks that exist just to be checked off a list and assigned to a few isolated people within your organization? Is your company in the position to do more than just talk about it?
Those were among the questions Big Think's Peter Hopkins addressed in a recent interview with CBS's Erickson Blakney, and Hopkins had a pretty blunt response. "If all you can do is send people to conferences," he told Erickson, a company needs to "either pack it up or totally rethink what you're doing."
While corporate sustainability has been "received as a trend" and as "something companies have to do," according to Hopkins the companies that are doing the best job are the ones that either have the most to gain or the most to lose.
Hopkins has observed that corporate sustainability has become deeply intertwined with a company's bottom line, as opposed to it being "a separate feel-good charitable enterprise." Therefore best practices tend to be found in industries where doing good is in the longterm interests of a company.
By the same token, "the companies that contribute to circumstances and conditions that are not sustainable are going to find themselves threatened by those practices down the line," Hopkins said. Unsustainable practices will eventually run into government regulation or the kind of public backlash that was seen in the case of Apple's iPad manufacturer Foxconn.
So who is actually walking the walk?
Hopkins said that one area where we're going to see a lot of opportunity is

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.737854
Retrieved Text: Mannequins packed in a corner at the defunct Stuttafords, in Sandton.
For a few years mall culture has been dying a slow death in the US. Once-thriving consumer centres have become zombie malls, shadows of their former selves.
Some of us welcome the last days of these aptly nicknamed cathedrals of consumption. Others are left worrying about what this means for the future of retailing.
Although South Africa follows US trends, new malls are still being in developed, but for how much longer can this continue? Of the 2,082 shopping centres in Africa, 1,950 are in South Africa, where we have the sixth highest number of shopping malls in world.
According to trend analyst Dion Chang our retail market is saturated and the cracks are showing.
At his recent trends presentation on malls and retailing, he described how, in the newly refurbished Rosebank Mall, in Johannesburg, there are papered-up shop fronts. The two floors of the mall's anchor store, Stuttafords, now stand empty.
The Mall of Africa, he says, is desperately trying to attract people with events such as the recent Johannesburg Fashion Week and the National Antiques Fair.
Chang attributes the situation to a dove-tailing of factors, the obvious one being the economic slump.
"Your middle class is being squeezed. There's just no disposable income," he says. But over and above this, there are important changes in attitude. People no longer aspire to own things.
"You don't have to own something; you can experience it."
In more developed economies, he says, we're seeing a desire for stories, experiences and the creation of memories.
Online shopping has

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.67586
Retrieved Text: Trócaire has launched an emergency appeal for east Africa after the worst drought in sixty years has left up to ten million people in need of immediate food aid.
The organisation has warned that Kenya, Somalia and Ethiopia are facing "a humanitarian crisis which is getting worse by the day".
Prolonged drought has led to crop failure which has put up to ten million people in urgent need of food. Animals are dying in large numbers and in certain areas one in every fourth child is dangerously malnourished.
Trócaire today warned that the deteriorating situation could have "catastrophic consequences" for people in the region.
"The situation in east Africa is extremely serious," warns Maurice McQuillan, Trócaire's Humanitarian Programme Manager. "Malnutrition rates are up to five times higher than the emergency threshold and up to ten million people are facing severe food shortages.
"A combination of drought and rising food prices has pushed the region into a humanitarian crisis which is getting worse by the day. Crops have failed and animals are dying. Without the help of the international community, this drought could yet turn into famine with catastrophic consequences for millions of people."
Trócaire has launched an emergency response to the situation in Kenya, Somalia and Ethiopia and is funding ten separate drought response projects in the region. These projects are bringing food to communities suffering the worst effects of the drought.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.673752
Retrieved Text: The UN on Tuesday pledged 2.7 million U.S. dollars to help Somaliland communities affected by cyclone which left at least 25 people dead and displaced thousand others.
Peter de Clercq, the UN Humanitarian Coordinator for Somalia who visited the self-declared semi-autonomous region, said the response to the combination of events- storm, floods, drought- highlighted the need for a response which addresses both the short- and longer-term needs of humanitarian events.
De Clercg said in a statement released in Mogadishu that the short-term should focus on the immediate emergency and the longer-term centred on building the resilience of communities like that of the Awhal region.
The recent landfall of Cyclone Sagar on the northern Horn of Africa has affected some 160,000 people, killing dozens and causing severe damage to infrastructure and economic loss, especially for those with a traditional pastoral livelihood, according to the UN.
It said the cyclone's impact has compounded an already-difficult humanitarian and development situation in the area due to recent heavy flooding and a years-long drought.
De Clercq had been in Somaliland to see its impact first-hand, as well as meet with local partners, including government officials, representatives of non-governmental organizations, community elders and people directly affected by the storm.
The cyclone comes after a powerful tropical cyclone with winds in excess of 120 km/per hour and an entire year's worth of rain which landed in Somalia on May 19 left destruction and death in its wake in Somaliland, endangering the lives of thousands of children in the region.
Cyclone Sagar tore through the coastal north of the country, destroying

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.53631
Retrieved Text: Join Poets from Trinidad, Abu Dhabi, Hull, Edinburgh, Honduras and London for an evening of poetry, ideas and social activism, developed as part of the Roundhouse’s international spoken word project, Talking Doorsteps, in partnership with PEN international.
Talking Doorsteps is a spoken word exchange project that explores the idea of “home” by connecting young poets and filmmakers from across the globe and sharing their work digitally with audiences worldwide. This year the project focuses on the integration of refugee young people and those who have experienced forced migration in response to the international refugee crisis.
Emerging British artists, who have been trained by the Roundhouse, travel abroad to lead workshops and share experiences with youth arts organisations in other countries. Workshop participants travel back from abroad to the UK, to take part in further collaborative work. The project has taken place with partners in South Africa, Bulgaria, Wales and Lebanon.
2017 has seen us partner with PEN International to work with 80 poets aged 16-25 from Trinidad, Abu Dhabi, Honduras and the UK. We bring together some of these poets for a series of events throughout The Last Word festival.
Find out more about Talking Doorsteps.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.421959
Retrieved Text: Ogaden News Agency (ONA) – Warning of dire food shortages in Horn of Africa, UN agricultural agency calls for urgent action.
31 January 2017 – With only one-quarter of expected rainfall received in the Horn of Africa in the October-December period, the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) today called for an immediate response to prevent widespread drought conditions from becoming a catastrophe.
“The magnitude of the situation calls for scaled up action and coordination at national and regional levels,” FAO Deputy Director-General, Climate and Natural Resources, Maria Helena Semedo told a high-level panel on humanitarian situation in the Horn of Africa chaired by the United Nations Secretary-General, António Guterres, which was held yesterday on the side lines of the 28th African Union (AU) Summit in Addis-Ababa, Ethiopia.
“This is, above all, a livelihoods and humanitarian emergency – and the time to act is now. We cannot wait for a disaster like the famine in 2011,” she added.
FAO estimates that over 17 million people are currently in crisis and emergency food insecurity levels in member-countries of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), namely Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan and Uganda, which are in need of urgent humanitarian assistance.
Currently, close to 12 million people across Somalia, Ethiopia and Kenya are in need of food assistance. Much of Somalia, north-east and coastal Kenya, south-east of Ethiopia as well as the Afar region are still to recover from El Niño-induced drought of 2015/16 while South Sudan and Darfur region of Sudan are facing the protracted insecurity.
Acute food shortage and malnutrition

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.399998
Retrieved Text: Screening of the documentary "Survivors", followed by a panel discussion with the director of the film and experts from the University of Oslo and Norwegian Red Cross.
The summer of 2014 a devastating Ebola epidemic spread in West Africa. It developed into an international crisis, leaving more than 11 000 dead. The local health service was not equipped to deal with a crisis of such magnitude, and yet the local health workers were the core response in the fight against the spread, with enormous personal risk. How can a country still suffering the consequences of civil war, lacking infrastructure and struggling with poverty, mobilize in such a situation? How does the epidemic affect the society and the relation to neighbouring countries? What was the collaboration between the local heath workers and the international organisations like?
The screening and panel discussion will take place at the Vega Scene, as a part of the official program at this years Human International Documentary Film Festival in Oslo.
The documentary is showed at 18:00, followed by the panel (approximately 19:45).
Read more about the event and buy tickets here.
Arthur Pratt, Filmmaker, Director of "Survivors".
Ruth Prince, Associate Professor in Medical Anthropology at the Institute for Health and Society, University of Oslo.
Ruth's current research investigates new models of social protection and welfare in Africa by conducting ethnographic research within state bureaucracies, healthcare institutions, and citizenship Groups. She has formerly conducted research in various Sub-Saharan settings in Kenya, Tanzania and Sierra Leone.
Tonje Tingberg, Public Health in Emergencies Coordinator, Norwegian Red Cross.
Tonje has many years of experience with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.316122
Retrieved Text: The Maranda project was developed by the EuropeAid in its effort to support development in specific areas of Maritime Transport in western and Central Africa (WCA).
Among the first benefactors of this project is the Nigeria Apapa port. Securenet Satcoms Limited executed the Maranda Nigeria project and had recently completed the installation of the Lagos node of the project.
The major objectives of the Maranda project is to improve maritime data management in the ports and regional exchange of data, establish a sound emergency response between major ports in Africa and improve marine environment protection.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.221495
Retrieved Text: This list contains 115 entry(ies).
Central Africa has been identified as one of the main sources of illegal ivory fueling unregulated domestic ivory trade throughout West and Central Africa and overseas destinations, especially Asia, in recent years.
CITES (the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora) was opened for signature in Washington DC on 3rd March 1973, and to date has 182 Parties from across the world.
This study is focused on four otter species in Asia; the Eurasian Otter Lutra lutra, the Hairy-nosed Otter Lutra sumatrana, the Small-clawed Otter Aonyx cinereus and the Smooth-coated Otter Lutrogale perspicillata.
This report examines wildlife crime in Kenya and its linkages to illegal wildlife trade dynamics in the East African region.
This report presents the findings of a review of traceability systems that have been developed in the CITES context for the trade in processed product types of Appendix II-listed species.
This report brings together a broad range of new and existing information on 2,358 plant and animal species of the Albertine Rift (AR) region of East and Central Africa.
The African elephant, the largest remaining land mammal on the planet, is facing the greatest crisis in decades. Reports of mass elephant killings in the media vividly illustrate the situation across many African elephant range states.
This document summarizes TRAFFIC’s comprehensive overview of events and dynamics currently driving an escalating illicit trade in rhino horns from South Africa to Viet Nam.
La biodiversidad juega un papel importante en la vida diaria de un hotel. Desde la comida del restaurante a la madera de

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.211138
Retrieved Text: To Tons Per Hour Industrial Mining Jaw Crushers South Africa. 30 tonne per hour jaw crusher south africa. 2 to 5 tons per hour Jaw Crushers South Africa,10 tph CS Crusher . hour. cost of 500 tonne . 2 to 5 tons per hour industrial mining jaw crushers south africa for .
24 hour crusher services south africa - Ball Mill. HJ Series Jaw Crusher; 250ton hour mobile crusher; 20 ton per hour wash plant; 24 hour crusher services south africa.
Atchafalaya Restaurant - New Orleans, LA | OpenTable. Atchafalaya Restaurant is a true New Orleans neighborhood eatery. Neighbors, locals, and out of town guests return often for a great Louisiana food experience, highlighted by attentive service, time- tested favorites, and tasty new creations.
100 tons per hour jaw cone crusher south africa quot;screening and crushing plantsquot; in South Africa Crushing plant for sale 3042 Jaw Crusher, 41/4 Cone Crusher Simons, Barmag2 x 6 x 16 ScreensControl Room Sub Station7 x 600mm Convayor structures (30M Long)1 x 1050mm x 10M Long 1 x 1050mm x 60M Long 1 x 900mm tunnel Conveyor 30M Long 1 Feeder and Bin for JAW Currently based in South Africa.
: River Monsters Season 6: Amazon Digital Services LLC. This season is one of Jeremy Wade's most challenging as he travels to remote locations to solve mysteries so bizarre that he must dedicate an entire year in South America.
Used jaw crushers for sale in south africa - … used jaw crushers for sale in south africa. We now have 24 ads from 5 sites for

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.172888
Retrieved Text: Medi Response provides remote site medical services for remote construction, exploration and mining sites.
Medi Response runs a 24-hour Advanced Life Support emergency medical operation in Central-Northern Johannesburg.
Founded in 2009 as a boutique emergency medical first-response organisation, Medi Response has grown into a respected entity within the field of pre-hospital emergency care. We provide professional and comprehensive emergency medical support across a range of sporting and recreational events throughout South Africa. Medi Response also offers a highly skilled event medical risk- and safety management service, supported by our fleet of emergency- and special utility vehicles.
In addition to our 24-hour Ambulance & Emergency operations, conducted within the central and northern regions of Johannesburg, Medi Response also takes the lead in rendering high-quality emergency care and medical support services at remote sites around South Africa, and well beyond its borders.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.156296
Retrieved Text: Introduction: Various types of mutations in GHRHR cause isolated growth hormone deficiency type 1B. Here, we report the clinical features associated with deletion of whole GHRHR gene for the first time.
Case: A four-yearand-nine-month-old otherwise healthy girl was admitted due to short stature. She was born at term with a birthweight of 3750 gr. Her height velocity slowed down after 2 years of age. The mother (157.8 cm, −0.82 SDS) and father (162 cm, −1.99 SDS) were second-degree cousins. Her weight was 11.8 kg (−3.54 SDS) and height 91 cm (−3.38 SDS). Infantile facial appearance and prominent forehead were noted. Biochemistry, blood count, and thyroid function tests were normal and bone age was compatible with 2.5 years. IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels were low. The peak GH levels following L-Dopa and ITT were 0.280 ng/mL and 0.420 ng/mL, respectively. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed pituitary hypoplasia. Somatropin treatment was commenced. At the most recent follow-up when she was 12-years and 7-month-old, her height was 152.2 cm (−0.45 SDS), BMI 17.5 (−0.37 SDS), and pubertal development compatible with Tanner stage 3. GH1 sequencing was normal but homozygous whole-gene deletion of GHRHR was found. Both parents were heterozygous for this mutation. IGF-1 levels were low in the father and low-normal in the mother. Glucagon stimulation tests revealed normal peak growth hormone responses in the mother (4.85 ng/mL) and father (10.4 ng/mL).
Conclusion: The clinical features of homozygous whole-gene deletion of GHRHR are comparable with those of other types of GHRHR mutations. The carrier parents demonstrated normal growth hormone responses to the stimulation

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.138718
Retrieved Text: The markets should not be pricing in any material risk of Ebola. Any market overreaction may create short-term opportunities for investors.
In the short-run, the transmission rate in West Africa may modestly increase before it begins to fall, and isolated outbreaks of the disease may appear throughout the world.
Western Asset has been actively following the Ebola epidemic as well as the prevalence of other diseases that may cause future market disruptions.
From a historical perspective, pandemics are rare, but epidemics are not.
Advancements in medical response times, treatment options, and containment strategies are likely to reduce future Ebola market concerns.
In both the US and the rest of the world, public health events such as Ebola, SARS, H1N1 and HIV/AIDS have garnered considerable attention from the media and financial markets. Such public health events can strain healthcare system resources and at times impact investor psychology. While this investor anxiety is sometimes warranted, usually it is not. The risk that a specific disease poses to the markets needs to be assessed with an understanding that it is very rare for diseases to be eradicated. Rather, diseases go into dormancy until their next outbreak. When outbreaks occur, it is important to evaluate transmission and mortality rates, geographic spread, treatment and medical delivery options, containment options, and resources committed to combatting the disease as a means of assessing market risk.
Take, for example, Ebola. This virus was first identified in Sudan and Zaire in 1976 and has seen numerous isolated outbreaks in the last 38 years. However, as of November 11, the current outbreak

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.095121
Retrieved Text: The FAO held its 25th Regional Conference for Africa (ARC) in Nairobi from June 16-20, 2008. During the conference, the organization called on African nations to increase agricultural production in response to the current food crisis.
According to FAO Deputy Director Madibo Traoré, certain solutions for meeting this objective do exist, such as modernizing farms and intensifying research efforts. Likewise, improving water management, a key theme of the conference, is a major challenge for facilitating increased agricultural production in Africa.
At the same time, the FAO is recommending accelerating the regional integration process. This would enable bringing an end to the fragmentation of Africa's markets, a situation in which it is impossible to guarantee the profitability of investments in agriculture due to the small size of these markets.
This situation increases food dependency in Africa at a time when agricultural prices are on the rise. The FAO should, therefore, develop inter-African trade through Regional Trade Agreements (RTAs) that, "by creating larger markets, could enable African countries to take advantage of economies of scale and enhance their competiveness while increasing the profitability of investments and, as a result, their ability to attract foreign direct investment (FDI)."
Moreover, putting relatively homogenous production structures into competition in the RTA framework could enable African farmers to develop, which would be impossible in a completely liberalized world.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.068333
Retrieved Text: Abstract True to form, governments have reacted with all the strategic competence of rabbits caught in headlights." Ex-Boomtown Rat, current debt relief campaigner, Sir Bob Geldof, on the situation in Africa, 17 years after the 'Live Aid' concerts were first held in response to famine in Africa. Noting that while under the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative some 26 countries are now getting debt relief, half of them still pay more than 15 percent of government revenue to creditors, Geldof is calling for a total cancellation of debt. More than 38 million people across Africa are currently at risk of starvation, according to WFP. Hardest hit are the Horn of Africa, where about 17.9 million people face severe food shortages, and southern Africa, where 16.4 million are at risk, the agency said.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.053776
Retrieved Text: Authors: Mhlongo MD, Tomita A, Thela L, Maharaj V, Burns JK.
Background: While there is considerable research in developed countries on the nature and extent of post-traumatic stress among refugees and migrants, few report on female Africans migrating within Africa.
Aim: The aim of this study was to investigate the association between exposure to traumatic life events and post-traumatic stress disorder risk in refugees and migrants in Durban, South Africa, with specific focus on sexual trauma events among women.
Methods: Interviews were conducted on 157 consenting non-South African adults using a sociodemographic questionnaire, Life Events Checklist (documenting traumatic events experienced) and the Harvard Trauma Questionnaire (measuring post-traumatic symptomatology). Associations between total number of traumatic events and post-traumatic stress were explored using adjusted regression models.
Results: The results of one model indicated that greater numbers of traumatic life events experienced by women were associated with raised odds of post-traumatic stress disorder risk (B = 1.48; p < 0.001). Another model indicated that exposure to sexual trauma events were associated with greater odds of post-traumatic stress disorder risk (B = 4.09; p = 0.02).
Conclusions: Our findings highlight the critical importance of mental health service for females with history of sexual traumatic events for this vulnerable population.
Citation: Mhlongo MD, Tomita A, Thela L, Maharaj V, Burns JK. Sexual trauma and post-traumatic stress among African female refugees and migrants in South Africa S Afr J Psychiatr,24:1208:10.4102/sajpsychiatry.v24.i0.1208 (2018).

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.004648
Retrieved Text: Fidgety Machines is a response to a situation in which human beings have become machines that obsessively process information fed by social media. Hidden within this dynamic is our subservient relationship with the infrastructure that supports digital communication. Over-checking of social media platforms, being the first to post events, and fear of missing out are pervasive aspects of obsessive compulsion. Rather than lamenting them, Fidgety Machines embraces these behaviours as positive skills.
We have constructed a reality close to our own where our data is constantly monitored and interpreted by machines. In this scenario, compulsive behaviours are exploited to create noise that confuses the machines’ algorithms, providing a camouflage protection for our privacy. All three devices in the exhibit are designed to create junk data by harnessing the the physical tics that typify compulsive disorders. The accompanying video imagines the effects of data noise on a machine vision that cannot recognise or make sense of it, exploring new aesthetics of confusion in computerised systems.
Client / Developed for Unread Messages exhibition.

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: The word "touch" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He could not touch the meaning of the poem.
Sentence 2: Helen Keller felt the physical world by touching people and objects around her.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.918846
Retrieved Text: The photo from Perkins' archives reproduced as an oil painting depicts Helen Keller (left) touching Anne Sullivan's lips to feel the vibration of her words as she reads aloud.
In 1892, Helen Keller, history’s most famous deafblind person, wrote a letter to her mother.
Having discovered her passion for reading in the preceding years while studying at Perkins School for the Blind, where she had grown enamored with the school’s embossed book library, Keller wanted to know why her hometown of Tuscumbia, Alabama, didn’t have a place for people with disabilities to read.
Her mother didn’t have an answer. She was inspired, however, and, with other women in her community, she decided to fill the void identified by a young Helen and formed the state’s first chartered library. That library today bears Keller’s name. And just this past Sunday, the Helen Keller Library commemorated its 125th anniversary.
Given Perkins’ important role in this history, representatives from the school were invited down to Tuscumbia to take part in the event as well. On hand as a guest speaker, Perkins President Dave Power lauded the organization for keeping Keller’s work and memory alive today.
“Clearly, Helen Keller is as important today as she has ever been,” he said.
Power went on to explain how Keller’s ideals are still held by Perkins today, both on campus and around the world. Namely, he talked about Perkins’ Deafblind Program, its efforts to train special educators around the world through initiatives like Perkins International Academy and its newly launched transition programs designed to prepare young adults for life

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.90334
Retrieved Text: Essay, Paragraph, Speech on “What question will you ask a famous person?” Essay for Class 9, Class 10, Class 12 Class and Graduate Exams.
What question will you ask a famous person?
If I had the opportunity to sit down and meet one of my idols or heroes, I could come up with hundreds of questions to find out what they did to get where they are, but in particular I like to have asked Helen Keller, what would she have made of the technology available today to blind and deaf blind individuals?
When Helen Keller was nineteen months old, a serious illness almost took her life. She survived the disease had left her both blind and deaf. Her education contributed to her first teacher, Anne Sullivan. Anne taught Helen to finger spell, and manage to let her understand the meaning of words. Imagine how hard it is for a person both blind and deaf to relate words with real world objects, although she never had a chance to see those objects!
Another teacher Mary Swift Lamson who over the coming year was to try and teach Helen to speak. This was something that Helen desperately wanted and although she learned to understand what somebody else was saying by touching their lips and throat, her efforts to speak herself proved to be unsuccessful. However, Helen moved on to the Cambridge School for Young Ladies and later entered Radcliff College, becoming the first deaf blind person to have ever enrolled at an institution of higher learning.
If Helen Keller were born today

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.43478
Retrieved Text: The movie The Miracle Worker tells the story of Helen Keller. Born in Alabama in the 19th century, Helen was struck with a fever of the brain as an infant that left her deaf and blind. Trapped in a silent world of darkness, she was frustrated and wild as she grew because she could not see or communicate. Confronted and equally frustrated with her tantrums, Helen’s parents finally hired a teacher named Anne Sullivan to work with her.
Through an agonizing process, Miss Sullivan would work with Helen by placing objects in her hand. She would make symbols for the objects on Helen’s palm and, while holding her other hand on her vocal box, pronounce the name of the object repeatedly. Despite the patience of Miss Sullivan, Helen seemed as if she could never learn.
Finally, one day the breakthrough occurred as portrayed in a powerful scene in the movie. In the midst of another agonizing lesson, Helen, with water from the backyard pump pouring over her hands, suddenly starts crying out, “Wa-wa! Wa-wa!” She then takes other objects and, with her hand to Mis Sullivan’s throat and mouth, does her best to repeat the words she feels. That day began a lifetime of insatiable learning for Helen, as her blindness and deafness were overcome.
We like stories of someone overcoming great obstacles to succeed. Have you ever considered that spiritually you are like Helen Keller?
The Bible teaches that we do not have the ability to see spiritually, for the devil has “blinded the minds of the unbelieving so

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.90652
Retrieved Text: Produced on April 14, 1866, in Feeding Hills, Massachusetts, Anne Sullivan was a talented teacher famous for her work with Helen Keller, a deaf, blind, and mute kid she instructed to convey. At just 21 years old , Sullivan showed great maturity and genius in teaching Keller and worked hard with her student, bringing both girls much acclaim. A talented teacher, Anne Sullivan is famous for her work with Helen Keller, a deaf, blind and mute kid she instructed to convey. Her parents immigrated to America from Ireland during the Great Famine of the 1840s. The couple had five kids, but two died within their infancy. Sullivan and her two remaining siblings grew up in impoverished circumstances, and fought with health problems. In the age of five, Anne got an eye disease called trachoma, which seriously damaged her vision. Her mom, Alice, suffered from tuberculosis and had trouble getting around after a critical fall. She died when Anne was eight years of age.
Even at a very young age, Sullivan had a strong willed character. She occasionally collided together with her dad, Thomas, who had been left to raise Sullivan and her siblings after their mother’s passing. Thomas—who was generally violent eventually left the family. Anne and her infirm smaller brother, Jimmie, were sent to reside at the Tewksbury Almshouse, a house for the poor. Some reports say that Sullivan also had a sister who had been sent to reside with relatives. Sullivan’s brother Jimmie died just months as soon as they arrived there, leaving Anne alone.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.932003
Retrieved Text: Helen Keller lived in what she described as a world of "white darkness." Born in Alabama in 1880, she was a year and a half old when a case of scarlet fever or meningitis left her deaf and blind. As she grew, she made signs and gestures, but her inability to truly communicate often left her a frustrated and angry child. Once, she locked her mother in the pantry for three hours, and another time she threw her baby sister out of a cradle.
When Keller was 7, her parents hired Anne Sullivan to be Keller 's tutor. With Sullivan’s help, Keller learned the manual alphabet and began to learn some words, though for a month Keller signed words without knowing what they meant. Then one day Sullivan held Keller 's hand under a water pump while signing "water." Keller suddenly realized that the motions of her fingers had meaning.
"That living word awakened my soul, gave it light, hope, joy, set it free!" she later said. "There were barriers still, it is true, but barriers that could in time be swept away."
During the next decade, Keller worked on sweeping away those barriers. She learned to read Braille, to read lips and to write in normal script. Eventually she learned to speak. She attended schools for the deaf and blind, and, later, mainstream schools. It took Keller longer than her classmates to study, but she excelled. She wrote her memoir, “The Story of My Life,” at age 21, the first of almost a dozen books she authored. She

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.51089
Retrieved Text: The story is told that after Helen Keller's teacher, Anne Sullivan, had given her the names of physical objects in sign language, Miss Sullivan attempted to explain God and tapped out the symbols for the name "God." Much to Miss Sullivan's surprise, Helen spelled back, "Thank you for telling me God's name, Teacher, for he has touched me many times before." Helen Keller knew something of God's signature from nature, but it was wordless.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.165035
Retrieved Text: In the middle grade novel Hand in Hand, author Jean Little and illustrator Norman Lanting recount Helen Keller’s early years from the point of view of Martha Washington, a childhood companion mentioned in Ms. Keller’s autobiography. Martha and her mother live and work at Ivy Green, a plantation owned by Captain Keller. Martha is frequently called upon to settle or distract the Kellers’ daughter, Helen, who has been blind and deaf since a young age. Helen often acts violently, unable to make sense of the world around her. When a special teacher comes to work with Helen, the young girls discover two things they otherwise would not have had access to: words, and a unique friendship. Jean Little is a highly acclaimed Canadian children’s writer who recently delivered the 2016 Margaret Lawrence Lecture at the Canadian Writers Summit. In Hand in Hand, she vividly portrays what life may have been like for Helen, whose early years were lived without language, and speculates about Martha’s involvement in Helen’s struggles. Norman Lanting’s black and white pencil illustrations capture the girls’ range of emotions at key moments in the story, increasing its relatability. Little additionally explores Martha’s own lack of education, and the excitement she may have felt when a teacher came to the plantation. Kids can discover in Little’s author’s note which incidents are factual. Hand in Hand is an engaging and dramatic read that encourages its readers to learn more about Helen Keller, living with disabilities, and equal access to education for all people.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.683067
Retrieved Text: Title: Who Was Helen Keller?
At age two, Helen Keller became deaf and blind She lived in a world of silence and darkness and she spent the rest of her life struggling to break through it With the help of teacher Annie Sullivan, Helen learned to read, write, and do many amazing things This inspiring illustrated biography is perfect for young middle grade readers Black and white line drawings througAt age two, Helen Keller became deaf and blind She lived in a world of silence and darkness and she spent the rest of her life struggling to break through it With the help of teacher Annie Sullivan, Helen learned to read, write, and do many amazing things This inspiring illustrated biography is perfect for young middle grade readers Black and white line drawings throughout, sidebars on related topics such as Louis Braille, a timeline, and a bibliography enhance readers understanding of the subject.
Never a dull storyTold in a wonderful way that gives great insight into the personal lives of Helen and Annie. Good book to show what they both went through.
Helen Keller had lots of tantrums as a kid. She became sick at two and as a result she couldn't see or hear and she didn't know how to speak because she was so young when it happened. She became famous for learning how to read and write.
It was really good. I thought it was really good because it shows blind and deaf people aren't just people would try . Hellen Keller kept trying to read write

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.116325
Retrieved Text: Do you remember the play The Miracle Worker? It was made into a movie in 1962 and was about the story of Anne Sullivan’s struggle to teach the blind and deaf Helen Keller how to communicate.
Can you imagine the frustration of this poor blind and deaf girl to understand the world around her? How would she have known that all others were not like her (or even that the world was filled with “others”)? She lived her life in silent darkness – touching and being touched by the world through her hands (sense of touch), along with the senses of taste and smell. But no language. No concept of space. No concept of society or family.
And can you imagine the frustration of her parents? They could feed her and dress her, but they could have no meaningful relationship with her.
What was the “miracle” of The Miracle Worker?
The miracle was that Anne Sullivan was able to discover a point of communication with Helen Keller. She was able to find a way to convey ideas to Helen and for Helen to respond to her with her own ideas.
And that was a miracle. It was always there. Anne Sullivan did not split the sea or make the sun stand still. She had the insight to dis-cover a pathway that already existed, but which had been overlooked: Helen’s hands and her sense of touch.
When Helen Keller was asked many years later which she would prefer: to see or to hear, her response was: to hear. Blindness separates you from things.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.77891
Retrieved Text: Human beings have five senses: seeing, hearing, smelling, tasting and touching. Because of an illness she had as a baby, Helen Keller permanently lost her ability to see and hear.
Doctors did not expect the baby to live when she became extremely ill in February of 1882. Helen Keller was nineteen months old, and she had developed an intense fever.
No one knew, for sure, what was wrong. Physicians who treated her said she was afflicted with "acute congestion of the stomach and brain" or “brain fever.” Doctors today say she probably had scarlet fever, or meningitis.
When she actually survived the ordeal, her parents rejoiced. Thinking their child had come through a near-death experience, without any after effects, was a short-lived reality, however. Soon Kate Keller sensed that something was very wrong with her baby daughter.
Helen no longer responded when the dinner bell summoned everyone to the dining room. It was like she didn’t hear it. Her eyes no longer followed her mother’s hand movements. It was like she didn’t see them.
Kate Keller was right. Helen’s illness had removed her sight and eliminated her hearing. And when it came time for the child to speak, she couldn’t.
Helen Keller, at age nineteen months, had completely lost two of her five senses.
Bos, Carole "A NEAR-DEATH EXPERIENCE" AwesomeStories.com. Feb 01, 2009. Apr 23, 2019.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.663223
Retrieved Text: Tuscumbia's Ivy Green, where Anne Sullivan taught Helen Keller to see beyond her dark and silent world.
This is an opinion column.
Kids in Texas are busy. I get it.
They're too busy to study the likes of Helen Keller, the Alabama icon who showed the world not only what a deaf and blind person can accomplish with grit and tenacity and devoted instruction, but that disabled people should be treated as people before anything else.
She changed expectations, and broadened horizons for everyone with a physical challenge.
But Texas kids are busy. There's so much to learn and only so much brainpower to do it. So Texas Board of Education officials recommended dropping Keller from its curriculum. A note from the recommending group said Keller "does not best represent the concept of citizenship. Military and first responders are best represented."
Does not best represent the concept of citizenship.
Helen Keller grew up in an age when those with her challenges were dismissed and marginalized. But she overcame those obstacles to achieve successes that define the American Dream. She earned an unprecedented college education, wrote books, traveled the world and received the presidential medal of freedom.
And - oh yeah, this might be a problem - she came to fight for the rights of women and workers and peace. She spoke against those who would profit from warfare, and came to call herself a socialist.
Which makes it easy for a place like Texas to turn a jaundiced eye toward her. Heck, you don't even hear that part of the Helen Keller story in the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.086334
Retrieved Text: Helen Adams Keller wrote these hopeful words. Her childhood was dark and silent. Yet she became an encouraging writer and teacher for many people. Today’s Spotlight is on the writer and educator Helen Keller.
Helen Keller was born in 1880 in the United States. She was a healthy baby. But Helen became very sick when she was one and half years old. No one knew what kind of sickness she had. Now, experts think she may have had scarlet fever or meningitis. Her sickness was very serious. Her family believed that Helen was going to die.
Helen did not die. She seemed to recover from her sickness. Her family was very happy. But all was not well. Helen’s mother saw that Helen’s behaviour had changed. Helen did not react to noise. She did not react to movement either. When Helen’s mother placed her hand in front of Helen’s eyes, Helen did not move. She could not see. She could not hear. The sickness had left Helen blind and deaf.
Life for Helen and her family was difficult. Helen became a troublesome child. She smashed things in the house. She was angry. She was intelligent but she had no way to communicate. By the time she was six years old, Helen’s family needed a new way to help her. They travelled to an institute for the blind. Doctors there said that Helen would never see or hear again. But the director of the institute told them not to lose hope. He said that Helen could learn. She only needed a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.971508
Retrieved Text: Helen Keller was an American writer whose accomplishments were all the more remarkable because she was deaf and blind. Born on June 27, 1880 in Tuscumbia, Alabama to Kate Adams Keller and Arthur H. Keller, Helen was a healthy baby with no handicaps. At the age of nineteen months, Helen became ill and suffered from an extremely high fever. While the exact illness is not known, some feel that the illness was scarlet fever. Suddenly, because of the effects of the illness, Helen was shut off from the world by the loss of sight, speech, and hearing. Most people of the day believed that the disease that afflicted Helen left its victim and idiot. Because of her inability to communicate with those around her effectively, she became a wild and destructive child, confirming to most that this was indeed true. Yet she also showed such signs of intelligence, contriving over sixty signs to indicate what she wanted, that her mother was determined that she could learn to communicate with others.
In an act of courage and determination, the Keller’s tried to improve Helen’s situation. They contacted Alexander Graham Bell, who, besides being a great inventor, was an authority on deafness. Bell advised the family to write to the Perkins Institution for the Blind in Boston for help with Helen. The founder of Perkins, Samuel Gridley Howe, had been able to teach Laura Bridgman, another girl who was deaf and blind, to read and write. The current director of Perkins, Michael Anagnos, decided to send one of his

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.938168
Retrieved Text: Letter from Claire and Fay Emory to Helen Keller wishing her a happy birthday and enclosing nightgowns for her.
Letter from Evelyn D. Seide to Claire Emory, Westport, CT acknowledging receipt of birthday greetings and nightgowns for Helen Keller.
Letter from Evelyn D. Seide to Claire Emory, Westport, CT acknowledging receipt of plant for Polly Thomson.
Letter from Helen Keller to Claire Emory, Westport, CT in thanks for her Christmas greetings.
Letter from Bob Emory to Helen Keller in sympathy on the death of Polly Thomson.
Note from Bob Emory to Evelyn D. Seide enclosing a letter for Helen Keller, accompanied by an article he wrote entitled "Helen Keller Regards World with Enthusiastic Optimism".
Letter from Bob Emory, Bucks County, PA to Helen Keller about his article about her in the school newspaper.
Letter from Claire Emory to Evelyn D. Seide with a sample letter for Helen Keller to send to Miss Crouch, College Admission Assistance Center, NYC in support of Bob Emory.
Letter from Helen Keller to Miss Crouch, College Admission Assistance Center, NYC in support of Bob Emory.
Invitation to the graduation for Bob Emory from George School, accompanied by note with his address.
Letter from Bob Emory, NYC to Helen Keller about her recent visit.
Letter from Bob Emory, Washington, D.C. to Helen Keller about his education at George Washington University.
Letter from Bob Emory, Washington, D.C. to Helen Keller about his education.
Letter from Bob Emory, Washington, D.C. to Helen Keller about writing a paper on her dogs.
Letter from Winifred A. Corbally to Claire Emory, NYC acknowledging receipt of grapefruit.
Postcard from Claire Emory, Prouts Neck,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.8317
Retrieved Text: Read eBooks Optimism (1903) [PDF] 100% free!
Who better than Helen Keller to write about optimism? Helen Keller became blind when she was nineteen months old. At the time children who were deaf and blind were simply given up on. But Helen's mother read that a deaf blind person had been educated and decided to explore that possibility for her daughter. As a result of this Helen Keller was the first deaf blind person to earn a bachelor of Arts degree and she went on to be one of the most celebrated women of the twentieth century.
Helen Keller would not be bound by conditions. Rendered deaf and blind at 19 months by scarlet fever, she learned to read (in several languages) and even speak, eventually graduating with honors from Radcliffe College in 1904, where as a student she wrote The Story of My Life. That she accomplished all of this in an age when few women attended college and the disabled were often relegated to the background, spoken of only in hushed tones, is remarkable. But Keller's many other achievements are impressive by any standard: she authored 13 books, wrote countless articles, and devoted her life to social reform. An active and effective suffragist, pacifist, and socialist (the latter association earned her an FBI file), she lectured on behalf of disabled people everywhere. She also helped start several foundations that continue to improve the lives of the deaf and blind around the world.
As a young girl Keller was obstinate, prone to fits of violence, and seething with

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.587254
Retrieved Text: A young mother sat in her Tuscumbia, Ala., home reading a book that was about to change the course of her family’s life. The book was Charles Dickens’ American Notes. The chapter that filled her with hope described the author’s meeting with a young girl named Laura Bridgman, who had accomplished remarkable things despite being deaf and blind -- as was the reader's own daughter. That mother’s name was Kate Adams Keller and her daughter’s name, of course, was Helen.
A few months later and far to the north, a letter crossed the desk of Michael Anagnos, the son in-law of Samuel Howe and his successor at the Perkins Institute in Boston. Laura Bridgman had put the institute on the map, but the fame and fortune of both the school and its star pupil had long since faded from public interest. Anagnos desperately needed a “second Laura Bridgman” to rejuvenate the reputation of his institute. The letter from Mrs. Keller seemed to offer just that.
The letter, however, was not requesting admission for Helen to the institute, but rather that the school send a tutor to their home. Thus, in 1887, Anagnos sent them his most recent star Perkins graduate, Anne Sullivan.
The fortitude and will that Anne would demonstrate in the years ahead were undoubtedly tempered in the cauldron of a wretched childhood. The oldest child of impoverished, illiterate Irish immigrants, Anne was nearly blind from trachoma by age five, lost her mother and two siblings when she was eight and was eventually abandoned by her alcoholic father.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.556564
Retrieved Text: After many years, historian and Helen Keller expert Kim Nielsen realized that she, along with other historians and biographers, had failed Anne Sullivan Macy. While Macy is remembered primarily as Helen Keller’s teacher and mythologized as a straightforward educational superhero, the real story of this brilliant, complex, and misunderstood woman, who described herself as a “badly constructed human being,” has never been completely told.
Beyond the Miracle Worker, the first biography of Macy in nearly fifty years, complicates the typical Helen-Annie “feel good” narrative in surprising ways. By telling the life from Macy’s perspective-not Keller’s-the biography is the first to put Macy squarely at the center of the story. It presents a new and fascinating tale about a wounded but determined woman and her quest for a successful, meaningful life.
As an adult, Macy taught Keller, helping the girl realize her immense potential, and Macy’s intimate friendship with Keller remained powerful throughout their lives. Yet as Macy floundered with her own blindness, ill health, and depression, as well as a tumultuous and triangulated marriage, she came to lean on her former student, emotionally, physically, and economically.
It’s temp ting to begin this book like a fairy tale. Once upon a time a poor, blind, and orphaned child named Annie magically grew into a happy, sighted, and successful adult woman. She became a miracle worker, lighting the intellectual fire and imagination of the deaf-blind girl Helen Keller at a water pump in the wilds of Alabama. We know this kind of story. Many of our books and movies, the morality

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.207703
Retrieved Text: It’s easy enough to see why, more than 50 years after it first debuted, theaters still choose to produce William Gibson’s The Miracle Worker. It’s a true story, it’s an uplifting one, and audiences respond to it with strong emotion.
Venice Theatre produced the show more than a decade ago (and the Manatee Players have it on their second stage schedule for next season). That may be, in part, because the piece gives the theater’s younger actors a chance to spread their wings.
In this case, it’s young Alexia King who tackles the role of the young Helen Keller (one most of us still attach Patty Duke to, because of the often-seen film version). She is, of course, the determined, wild, frustrated deaf-blind child of the Keller family, headed by a captain-journalist (Michael Campbell), who’s frequently at odds with his grown son, James (Patrick Tancey), who longs for some respect and affection from his hard-to-please father. Mother Kate (Cheryl Andrews) is more focused on the daughter she loves but cannot help.
Into this troubled family dynamic comes young teacher Annie Sullivan (Corinne C. Woodland), who has had her own struggles with blindness and loss, growing up in terrible conditions with her now-dead younger brother. Although the outcome of her painstaking lessons with young Helen is never in doubt, Gibson’s play still works to depict the battle (remember that drawn-out dining room scene, with Annie insistent on getting Helen to eat like a human being?) that ensues before their successful relationship can truly begin.
In this production, directed by Kelly Wynn

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.769547
Retrieved Text: I know it's a bit of an odd question, but it's something I've wondered about throughout my life. If anybody has the answer to this question I would appreciate it.
Best Answer: BIker dude is correct about Peter Fagan, or whatever his name is.
Helen did fall in love but her mother forced the two apart.
So the likely answer is.. quite possibly..
The latter is the case, and asking why questions re: the divine will of God is useless efforts. They don't ever get answered. By the by, there is a true story about Helen's path to faith. It seems that after she was taught to sign, and therefore to communicate, someone shared the good news of the gospel of Christ with her and her response was, "I already knew Him; I just didn't know His name." It kind of shoots down the thinking of many that creation itself does not testify of God's wonder and power.....therefore, they are without excuse. Helen Keller looked at the design and could see the Designer.
Love--A moment of love did come in Helen's life. In 1916, a young man named Peter Fagan had been hired to help while Anne Sullivan was ill and Polly was away. During a time when he and Helen were alone, he declared his love and told her she was beautiful. She had never been told she was beautiful and she fell for him. They agreed to keep their feelings secret for the moment, but eventually Helen's mother learned of the matter. A reporter had found an application for

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.5872
Retrieved Text: Letter from John Charles Daly, Vice President, ABC, NYC to Helen Keller, NYC wishing her well on her journey overseas.
Memorandum from Gregor Ziemer, NYC to M. R. Barnett, NYC regarding the rumor of Helen Keller's impending retirement.
Letter from Eric T. Boulter, NYC to Polly Thomson enclosing copies of their travel itinerary through Europe and Egypt.
List of seating arrangements for the farewell event for Helen Keller in NYC.
Speech given by Felixberto M. Serrano, NYC for Helen Keller in NYC before her departure overseas.
List of "VIPs" expected to attend the farewell event for Helen Keller in NYC on February 1, 1955.
Program for farewell event for Helen Keller in NYC.
Program for farewell event for Helen Keller held at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, NYC.
Ticket of admission to the farewell event for Helen Keller held at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, NYC.
Letter from William Fisher, Jr., NYC to Polly Thomson, Glasgow, Scotland regarding her mail from Glasgow or London.
Letter from William Fisher, Jr., NYC to Polly Thomson, Glasgow, Scotland enclosing correspondence for Helen Keller and relating to publications.
Excerpt of minutes from the Executive Committee Meeting of AFB from February 17, 1955 in regards to a seal commemorating Helen Keller's 75th birthday.
Letter from Eric T. Boulter, NYC to Helen Keller and Polly Thomson regarding their visit to Burma.
Memorandum from Eric T. Boulter, NYC to Timothy P. Smith, NYC regarding the Helen Keller 75th Birthday Fund.
Letter from Eric T. Boulter, NYC to Polly Thomson, Mysore, India regarding their tour of India.
Letter from Eric T. Boulter, NYC to Helen Keller, India with details about her itinerary in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.423847
Retrieved Text: International Young Eagles Day 2019 is on Friday, June 14, 2019: Who was called "The Lone Eagle."?
The Lone Eagle's Contribution to Cardiology by Richard J. Bing, M.D.
Practically everyone knows that Charles Lindbergh made the famous solo flight to Paris in 1929; he was born in Detroit on February 4, 1902, spent some of his youth in Little Falls, Minnesota, and was involved in the unsuccessful campaign for U.S. Senate by his father. Many are also aware of his barnstorming days, his self-imposed exile, his controversial participation in political movements, and finally his interest in environmental causes. Many also remember that he married Ann Morrow, the daughter of the American ambassador to Mexico and partner of J.P. Morgan. He died in Hawaii in 1974. For his aviation exploits, Charles Lindbergh was called the "Lone Eagle." His life, however, was not one of continuing triumphs. It was darkened by the horrible experience of the kidnapping and murder of his infant son.
Best place to live in Santiago Chile with a young family?
The best place to live in Santiago with a young family is in the Lo Barnechea area. The area is an upper class municipality which is safe and secure for expatriates. The neighborhood is beautiful. Also, many other americans and diplomats live in the area. An excellent resource to look at housing in this area can be found on the web at: www.svpropiedades.cl For under CHP 1,500,000 a month, you can rent a house in a gated community that has amenties such as golf and tennis. I would

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.057003
Retrieved Text: Almost everyone must know who Helen Keller is: the girl who became blind and deaf due to illness before she was two years old, enduring several agonizing years of isolation before being reconnected to the light of thought. The play and film “The Miracle Worker” dramatizes this event, and it would take a heart of stone not to be moved by the moment when Helen connects the idea “water” with the word W-A-T-E-R. Every time we see this happen, it reminds us that the ability to communicate through language truly is an everyday miracle.
Helen took on the mission of showing that a blind and deaf person could accomplish much more than was previously thought possible: learning four languages, becoming a writer, passing college entrance exams in mathematics and geometry (always her least favorite subjects). Her greatest wish was to learn to speak, so that she could communicate with people who did not know the finger alphabet that had first given her the gift of language. She accomplished this too, although it was not always easy for listeners to understand her. Reading her words, it is fascinating to consider how language, thought, memory, speech and comprehension can develop without the two sensory faculties that are usually so central to our experience. Human relationships are revealed as paramount, and the teacher-student bond becomes as essential as light or air.
Since I knew little about Helen’s story beyond the early years, I was surprised by the weight given here to a plagiarism scandal that caused her great suffering as a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.90499
Retrieved Text: Helen Keller, 1880-1968, was an American author, political activist, and lecturer. This article lists some quotes from her.
Helen Keller (June 27, 1880- June 1, 1968) was known all over the world for everything she accomplished despite the fact that she was deaf and blind. She was also the first deafblind person to graduate with a bachelor of arts degree. Keller was a highly regarded American author, and she also played a major role as an activist and lecturer. She has been a complete inspiration for millions of people all over. Here are some famous quotes from her.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.707825
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK, Dec. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The American Foundation for the Blind (AFB) today announced the three honorees who will receive the prestigious Helen Keller Achievement Awards at a special gala in Oakland, California, on April 4, 2018.
The awardees are Facebook and Microsoft, for their exemplary roles in creating accessible products or improving the accessibility of their already-popular products; and Haben Girma, for her advocacy and dedication to creating equal opportunities for people with disabilities.
"This year's recipients capture the spirit of Helen Keller's belief in the power of effecting social change," said Kirk Adams, AFB president and CEO. "All of the awardees are making a dramatic difference in the lives of people with disabilities, and we are thrilled to recognize their accomplishments."
Facebook is being lauded for steadily ensuring the highest levels of inclusivity in its platforms, including and especially for people with disabilities. This includes recent projects such as the Automatic Alternative Text feature, which provides an automatically generated image description that gives users with visual impairments a better sense of the photos their friends are sharing, as well as a myriad of product improvements to increase the compatibility of Facebook's applications with assistive technology and accessibility-related settings.
Haben Girma is being recognized for her work as a disability rights lawyer, and the first Deafblind graduate of Harvard Law School. Her advocacy embodies Helen Keller's values, from her legal victories that ensure online businesses comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act, to changing attitudes about disability worldwide. She has proven time and again that, in her

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.546936
Retrieved Text: A great reminder to look beyond the visual for the real beauty in life. I believe this applies to people, objects, animals and life in general.
Tags: beauty, beauty in life, Helen Keller, quotes, WCW, Word Crush, Word Crush Wednesday. Bookmark the permalink.
Helen Keller was such a wonderful inspirational person. Are you familiar with “The Miracle Worker”? She really had a rather rough time being socialized but she ended up being truly great. Wonderful quote.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.442474
Retrieved Text: NICK VUJI IS FOUNDER OF ‘LIFE WITHOUT LIIMBS,’ A GLOBAL MINISTRY.
I’d heard of Nick Vujicic. I’d caught a glimpse of him on Christian television. But nothing prepared me for his recent appearance at my church.
A mighty man of faith, Vujicic delivered one of most powerful, spirit-filled messages I’ve ever heard. I think the Australian-born evangelist the most inspirational Christ follower since Helen Keller.
Keller’s life story was immortalized in the 1962 motion picture “The Miracle Worker.” Born in 1880, Helen was 19 months old when she contracted “brain fever,” as the Keller family doctor called it. She was struck blind, deaf and mute.
Nearly feral as a child, Helen’s desperate family found her a teacher – Anne Sullivan, the miracle worker – who leaned in and, over time, got through to the blind, deaf and mute girl, teaching her to communicate.
In one of her letters to Rev. Brooks, Helen told the clergyman that, even before she could communicate, she knew about God. She felt His presence in her darkness; heard His still, small voice in her silence.
Helen didn’t know what to call the presence that was always with her. The tender-aged blind, deaf and mute girl had no concept of names. But she knew God.
I can’t help wondering if Helen Keller might have been present, in spirit, on that recent Sunday when Nick Vujicic visited my church; if she might have been among that “great cloud of witnesses” of which the Apostle Paul wrote about in his Letter to the Hebrews.
Nick was born 31 years ago with tetra-amelia

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.256237
Retrieved Text: Helen Keller is known to many people from their school days. Or, to some who saw the movie "The Miracle Worker". Perhaps even through her published work. However we came to know about this remarkable woman, it's worth going into detail about her extraordinary life. It's almost impossible for those who see and hear to imagine what it must have been like for her not to be able to do either. She lost her sight and hearing at just nineteen months old, after an illness. Through the teachings of Anne Sullivan, Helen Keller learned to learn and grow, and then some! Keller was born in 1880 in Alabama and died at the age of 87 in Connecticut - her life between these dates is quite astonishing. Imagine, if you can, being a woman around the 1900s, and an outspoken and determined one at that, as well as not being able to hear or see - can you? It's extremely difficult and one has to recognize Ms. Keller's achievements as nothing short of staggeringly brilliant. Everyone should read this book, if for no other reason than to realize just how darn fortunate we are, and how grateful we should be for our own lives, where at least we can hear or see, or both. There is also a section of notes pertaining to this book - a summary of her life: Critical Excerpts, and Questions for Discussion and Suggestions for the Interested Reader. A neat and informative package. This is the first time I've read Helen Keller,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.965195
Retrieved Text: Helen Keller Day is a commemorative holiday to celebrate the birth of Helen Keller, observed on June 27 annually. The holiday has been made an observance by a presidential proclamation in 1980 as well as by international organizations, particularly those helping the blind and the deaf. The holiday is generally known for its fashion show held on June 27 annually for fundraising purposes.
The holiday was first proclaimed on March 23, 1960 by Newark, New Jersey mayor Leo P. Carlin. On June 7, 1960 by then Annapolis, Maryland mayor Arthur G. Ellington where he proclaimed Keller's 80th birthday. On June 19, 1980, President Jimmy Carter issues Proclamation #4767 to honor Helen Keller and her accomplishment.
Outside of the proclamations, the holiday is also observed by private organizations. Since 1971, the Lions Club International has declared the holiday on June 1 annually to commemorate the speech Keller gave on June 30, 1968 to spread awareness of the American Foundation for the Blind. The day is generally observed internationally through the Blind Association and other international organizations who help people with this disability. Every year on June 27, an annual fashion show is held as a fundraiser in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania.
Helen Adams Keller (June 27, 1880 – June 1, 1968) was an American author, political activist, and lecturer. She was the first deafblind person to earn a bachelor of arts degree..  The story of how Keller's teacher, Anne Sullivan, broke through the isolation imposed by a near complete lack of language, allowing the girl to blossom as she learned

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.849323
Retrieved Text: Spell "DOLL"! She felt frustrated because she did not understand that every object has a word uniquely identifying it. Can we imagine a seven year old, but still couldn’t spell the word doll? Then her teacher taught her the word for "MUG," eventually she broke the mug. Nevertheless, her teacher did not give up on her because the next month became a big breakthrough in communication when she understood what her teacher was doing in order to teach her “W-A-T-E-R”. Eventually, she nearly exhausted her teacher demanding the names of all the other familiar objects in her world.
Her name was Helen Adams Keller. She was not just the only person whom we can name as someone who surpasses such physical deformities and rise into who they are now. Personalities like the famous singer Stevie Wonder; the 32nd President of the United States of America Franklin Delano Roosevelt; Astronomist, Mathematician and Physicist Galileo Galilee, and many others, were all blind, but became so famous and had brought inestimable contribution to our world. Yes, they may be blind physically, but their blindness for them is a mere physical ailment, because it did not cripple their dreams to become an inspiration to many people across the world.
In our gospel today, another blind person is presented to us as someone who can inspire us because of his great faith. He has no name even of his own. He was called “Bartimaeus,” which means “Son of Timaeus.” In addition, Timaeus in Hebrew means “foul, defiled, polluted, or unclean.” Now we can

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.836296
Retrieved Text: 2.Improve reading and writing, skills using vocabulary bank.
3. Learn about the life of Helen Keller and her sense of order.
4. Develop math processing skills through graphing.
1. TLW be able list the five senses and their function.
3. TLW match the pictures correctly with the senses to which they belong.
4. TLW understand the five senses.
5. TLW be asked 6 questions (before and after lesson) to assess knowledge of the senses and be introduced to 8 new vocabulary words and their meaning.
1. Students are given index cards labeled with the five senses and picture cards with pictures that represent the five senses.
2. The students will sort the picture cards to gain an understanding of the five senses and classifying. Students graph results of senses survey.
3. Students read the story of Helen Keller, discuss reflective questions and record answers in social studies journal.
The lesson is 1-1.5 hour in duration.
2.Choose students to tell you which item goes in which bag.
3. When done, take the items out of the each bag, and ask if the item and the bag go together.
1. Discussion questions were posted for the students to discuss after reading about Helen Keller.
2. Students record the results from their discussion in their social studies journal. They may use pictures, words or both to record answers.
3. The questions were: 1. Name the senses that Helen Keller lived without? 2. What effect did this have on her as a child and young adult? 3. Because she was unable to hear, speak or see, did she just give up on accomplishing anything in

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: The word "hail" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Hail a cab.
Sentence 2: He was hailed as a hero.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 26.419947
Retrieved Text: You Can Hail A Careem Cab In Ajman images, videos and news can be Yalla at inside.ae a new search engine that allows you to organize search by bringing the results that are important to you to the top with a single click.
No web results found associated with You can hail a Careem cab in A... .
No images found associated with You can hail a Careem cab in A... .
No videos found associated with You can hail a Careem cab in A... .
No news found associated with You can hail a Careem cab in A... .
No Q&A results found associated with You can hail a Careem cab in A... .
No tweets found associated with You can hail a Careem cab in A... .

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.058935
Retrieved Text: A teenager is being hailed as a hero after he rescued his two-year-old sister after a man tried to kidnap her on Sunday.
WASHINGTON — A teenager is being hailed as a hero after he rescued his two-year-old sister after a man tried to kidnap her on Sunday.
Police say that Patrick Rooney, 26, approached a group of children on Geraldine Court, in Woodbridge, at about 6:30 p.m. Sunday, picked up the toddler and began to walk away. The girl’s brother approached the man and got his sister away from the man, who walked away. Someone followed him and called the police, who arrested him nearby on Golden Court.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.914417
Retrieved Text: Before making a decision please consider the Product Disclosure Statement. If you purchase a policy, we receive a commission which is a percentage of your premium. Ask us for more details before we provide you with any services on this product.... A n AWP doctor has been hailed a hero, after saving the life of a fellow aeroplane passenger. Dr Peter Wood, Clinical Director & Consultant Forensic Psychiatrist was returning to the UK on a Turkish Airlines flight following a family holiday in Turkey, when he became aware of a disturbance.
A n AWP doctor has been hailed a hero, after saving the life of a fellow aeroplane passenger. Dr Peter Wood, Clinical Director & Consultant Forensic Psychiatrist was returning to the UK on a Turkish Airlines flight following a family holiday in Turkey, when he became aware of a disturbance.
Not Currently Scheduled. These courses are not currently scheduled, but may be offered at a future date. Click the course Title link for more information.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.579536
Retrieved Text: Prominent scholar, thinker and democratic leader.
Cicero was a statesman, philosopher, unsurpassed master of Latin prose, and one of Rome's greatest orators. His writings introduced the Romans to Greek philosophy and created a Latin philosophical vocabulary. He was a prolific author, and his letters reveal a wealth of information about Roman life and politics. As an active politician and leader of the senatorial party, he was at times hailed as a hero, but he also made enemies who contributed to his exile.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.436497
Retrieved Text: When we last saw Barry Allen (Grant Gustin) in the Season 1 finale of The Flash, he was racing into a swirling vortex created by the takedown of Eobard Thawne by his relative Eddie (Rick Cosnett) – at the cost of his own life. Fast-forward to the Season 2 premiere, and The Flash is being hailed as hero, although as Gustin says, he is still feeling guilt about what’s happened.
“As Season 1 was winding down, he was getting a lot of confidence,” says Gustin. “He was feeling like he knew what he was doing. He felt that he had that team behind him, and they all felt like they could take down these meta-humans. And they were doing some good. He was this hero that everyone says he was. But all of that has kind of been turned on its head a little bit in Season 2.
The Flash is airing from 13 October on Sky 1. Check out the comics that inspired the series in the 100 All-Time Greatest Comics bookazine now.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.381723
Retrieved Text: As TV's Monocled Mutineer, Percy Toplis was hailed as a working-class hero standing up to abusive military discipline. But the real Toplis was a petty criminal and deserter who ended up killing a taxi driver involved in a black market petrol racket. On the run from the police, and in disguise, he was spotted near Plumpton, on the Carlisle to Penrith road, and shot dead as he fled.
The fugitive returns to Penrith for the Beneath the Beacon exhibition.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.31771
Retrieved Text: A 32 yr old man from Whetstone has been hailed as a hero after he went to the aid of a lady being robbed. A lady was robbed by 4 African males some armed with guns. She was pistol whipped and had her skull cracked open after the robbers beat the innocent lady.
A young man who witnessed this incident ran to her rescue and was seriously injured after he was shot in his leg. In the ensuing gun battle he managed to shoot one of the suspects.
The other robbers then bundled the injured suspect into a waiting car and took him to a clinic.
A brave resident followed the suspects handed over the information to the Police who later arrested the other suspects.
We are thankful for the our hero who risked his life And wish him a speedy recovery. He is presently undergoing surgery after the bones in his leg shattered.
KZN VIP Medical and Security transferred the injured to a medical facility for attention. Special thanks goes out to all the other security companies and CPF Members for their intervention.
Not many people will do that… he is a TRUE HERO. God bless him.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.15498
Retrieved Text: Topeka, Kansas resident Mark Harrison is being hailed as a hero after saving a family pet from a house fire.
Topeka, Kansas resident Mark Harrison is being hailed a hero after saving a family pet from a house fire.
While no humans were home at the time of the blaze, there was a dog alone in the house. Harrison located it and quickly moved the frightened dog outside to safety, secured in its crate. He can be seen in a brief interview in the raw video footage included below.
Thank you Mr Harrison for taking the time to look,and saving that little dog!
There really is a silver lining to every storm cloud isn’t there!? What a wonderful Citizen. I’m sure the family is thrilled at the fact they didn’t loose there furry family member.
Just that he went in for anyone, humans included, is wonderful — and so glad he saved the dog.
Bless the dog a happy life!
wish all people were like Mr Harrison!
Wonderful! He is a hero.
I can only hope that someone would do the same for my dogs. If even just to let the out in the back yard, and increase their chances of survival. Material goods can be replaced, lives cannot.
Thank you Mr. Harrison — I would hope my neighbors would be as concerned!
Don’t leave it to “hope” (remember Yoda said”there is no hope – there is doing or not doing”)I have briefed my neighbors (even to the point of indicating my preference for which door they kick in if they have time!) hoe to get my

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.001137
Retrieved Text: Allan McGraw was not known as "Quick Draw" for nothing. His League total, in five seasons with Morton, was 116 goals in 137 games - an 85% average !
I remember when I started supporting Hibs he was taken off then brought back on in a l.cup semi against Dundee and scored the winning goal. But he was getting pain killing injections that ultimately damaged his legs permanently.
He didn't even play in the 1969 final .
I hailed him a hero which he is , but feel disgusted at the painful torment he is now subjected to. All the best Allan.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.979158
Retrieved Text: He may be just a teenager, but he's being hailed a hero for his courageous efforts on the night a vehicle crashed into a lake near his home.
Jacob Ursin, 16, was hanging out around his home in Gifford, Fla., when he saw something unusual. He saw a car veer off the road, crash through a fence and end up in the lake in his subdivision. The car then began to float out into the middle of the lake due to the force from the crash. When Ursin realized what had happened, he sprang into action. He jumped into the icy waters of the lake and swam until he reached the vehicle.
When he got to the car, the occupants rolled down the window and handed Ursin something precious, their 2-year-old daughter, Alaysia. Ursin ferried Alaysia back to the shore. He was helped ashore by other bystanders as his legs had gone numb by that time. Ursin said to the TCPalm that throughout the ordeal he was just trying to make sure the baby was safe.
The teen, who is a member of the ROTC and a youth law enforcement group, is being hailed as a hero for his quick response.
Jacob's father, Sheriff’s Deputy Ruben Bermudez, is one of those praising Ursin.
“I am very proud of my son,” Bermudez said to the TCPalm. “Last night he jumped into a very cold lake and saved a 2-year-old little girl from drowning. ... Jacob’s quick courageous, heroic act saved that little girl."
Eventually, according to Vero News, sheriff’s deputies and the Indian

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.85921
Retrieved Text: Lucknow: Dr Kafeel Khan, who was hailed as hero for saving many lives in Gorakhpur hospital tragedy was sacked from his post of nodal officer. The move comes two days after he saved the lives of as many kids as possible with his quick thinking and by using his own money.
Dr Kafeel Khan, the head of the encephalitis ward and a paediatrician was replaced by Dr Bhupendra Sharma.
The government had on Saturday suspended the principal of the BRD medical college, Dr Rajeev Mishra. Mishra. Ahmad is the second person from the administration to face action for the death of 63 kids in the last five days.
However, the government has not yet given reason for sacking. Dr PK Singh, principal of Rajkiya Medical College in Ambedkar Nagar, has been given additional charge of BRD Medical College.
Had it not been for this doctor at the BRD Medical College in Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh, the death toll would have been much higher. Eye-witnesses have hailed him as a hero responsible for saving the lives of many children.
On August 10, the central oxygen pipeline in the college premises started beeping, indicating low supply of the gas. The doctors and hospital staff knew that the supply could be maintained through emergency cylinders, but only for two hours.
Dr Khan drove two hospital employees to a friend’s private nursing home and borrowed three oxygen cylinders. He had also instructed the junior doctors to keep pumping Ambu bags if the oxygen supply reduced further in the central pipeline.
He loaded three cylinders in his car and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.76718
Retrieved Text: C.K. Scott Moncrieff’s translation of Proust’s A La Recherche du Temps Perdu was first published in English in 1922. It was hailed as ‘nothing less than extraordinary’ and was the beginning of a work for Scott Moncrieff that would exhaust and consume him, leading to his early death at the age of just forty. Joseph Conrad told Scott Moncrieff, ‘I was more interested and fascinated by your rendering than by Proust’s creation’ and to many, Scott Moncrieff is credited as the man who brought Proust to popular attention and wide acclaim to be hailed as a genius.
From the outside an enigma, Scott Moncrieff left a trail of writings which tell his story: poems, journalism, stories and thousands of personal letters. A decorated war hero, his letters home are an unusual take on day-to-day life on the front. Described as ‘offensively brave’, he was severely injured in his legs in 1917 and, convalescing in London, he became a lynchpin of literary society — friends with Robert Graves and Noel Coward, enemies with Siegfried Sassoon and in love with Wilfred Owen. Later as a spy in the 1920s he sent reports on Mussolini’s regime that would inform Britain’s hidden war with Italy.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.295755
Retrieved Text: NAPERVILLE, Ill. - Sgt. Anthony Mannino is being hailed as a hero after he rescued a 1-year-old from a busy highway near Aurora, Illinois.
Dashcam captured the May incident and shows the officer running after the boy before pulling him to safety.
The boy ran out of his house while his mother wasn’t looking, according to police.
Mannino was presented with the Life Saving Award from the Naperville Police Department last Thursday for his actions.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.293055
Retrieved Text: Uber, Taxi, Waze, Lyft in San Jose, CA.
Up Hail helps you save money on taxis near me, ride hailing, ridesharing, and the best car services such as Uber, Taxi, Waze, Lyft in Santa Clara County and San Jose, California, US. Up Hail helps riders & drivers find fare estimates, prices and rates for UberPool, UberX, UberWav, UberAssist, UberXL, UberSelect, UberBlack, Uber Black SUV, Taxi Cab, Waze Carpool, Lyft Line, Lyft, Lyft XL, Lyft Lux, Lyft Lux Black, Lyft Lux Black XL, Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority, Bird, Taxi Cab Airport, Airport Taxi Cab, Yellow Taxi Cab, Airport Taxi, Taxi Cab Airport, Classic Cab in California. Get a lift and find the lowest cost and best options to Norman Y. Mineta San Jose International Airport, Metropolitan Oakland International Airport, San Francisco International Airport. You can use Up Hail to find the safe ride fee, minimum fare, base fare, cancellation fee, cost per mile, or cost per minute for different services like Uber, Taxi, Waze, Lyft. More about Uber/Lyft coupons and promotions in Santa Clara County and San Jose, California, US. Covering zip codes: 95101, 95103, 95106, 95108, 95109, 95110, 95111, 95112, 95113, 95115, 95116, 95117, 95118, 95119, 95120, 95121, 95122, 95123, 95124, 95125, 95126, 95127, 95128, 95129, 95130, 95131, 95132, 95133, 95134, 95135, 95136, 95138, 95139, 95141, 95148, 95150, 95151, 95152, 95153, 95154, 95155, 95156, 95157, 95158, 95159, 95160, 95161, 95164, 95170, 95172, 95173, 95190, 95191, 95192, 95193, 95194, 95196. Neighborhoods: Alum Rock East Foothills, Willow Glen, San Tomas Aquinos, Rose Garden, North San Jose, East San

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.271366
Retrieved Text: Paramount Pictures is in early discussions with Robert Zemeckis to direct the live-action feature “Flight” reports Deadline.
The fictional tale revolves around a commercial airline pilot named Whip Whitaker who, with some heroic flying, manages to land a malfunctioning commercial airline plane with minimal casualties.
Instantly hailed as a hero by the media, an investigation into the cause of the crash unfolds and it becomes clear he was flying under the influence of drugs and alcohol. While Whitaker deals with being labelled a ‘hero’ which he feels is undeserved, the airline tries to keep the facts under cover.
John Gatins (“Real Steel”) penned the script and had hoped to direct the project, but that’s now looking unlikely. Walter Parkes and Laurie MacDonald are producing and shooting could begin by late Summer.
Should Zemeckis sign, this would mark his first live-action film since 2000’s “Cast Away” as he’s only been involved with various mo-cap animated features over the past decade.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.26906
Retrieved Text: store Word Cab - letter 3.
Cab - Quick way around town Cab - Metered rental Cab - Semi part Cab - Taxi Cab - Front of a semi Cab - Gypsy ___ Cab - Subway alternative Cab - Part of a line outside a hotel Cab - Way home from a bar, maybe Cab - Trucker's spot Cab - Big rig feature Cab - Hack Cab - Jazz artist calloway Cab - It stands at stands Cab - Surface transportation Cab - Hail it! Cab - Trucker's space Cab - It may be called on account of rain Cab - Semi's front Cab - Locomotive part Cab - Its business is picking up Cab - Pickup compartment Cab - It's hailed Cab - Truck compartment Cab - It's hailed in cities Cab - Urban transport Cab - It can be in a line at the airport Cab - Truck's passenger area Cab - Semi section Cab - It'll take you for a ride Cab - Truck part Cab - Hailing result Cab - Trucker's enclosure Cab - One for the road? Cab - Where truckers sleep Cab - "minnie the moocher" name Cab - Trucker's "office" Cab - One of a fleet Cab - Engineer's place Cab - Bus alternative Cab - One in the fare trade Cab - Engineer's compartment Cab - It's to be hailed Cab - It's no free ride Cab - Some don't leave work without it Cab - Auto for hire Cab - Stand on the corner? Cab - Engineer's spot

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.2646
Retrieved Text: NAPERVILLE, IL. - A police sergeant in Naperville, Illinois, is being hailed a hero after he rescued a young boy who was running into traffic on a busy highway.
Sgt. Anthony Mannino, a 24-year veteran of the Naperville Police Department, told WBBM that he was driving down Route 59 when he spotted the boy run into the road.
In the dashcam video posted to the Naperville Police Department Facebook page, Mannino can be seen using his police car as a barrier between the child and traffic.
He ran after the boy, caught up with him and pulled him out of the road.
Mannino received the department’s “Life Saving Award” for his quick actions on June 7.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.201687
Retrieved Text: An off-duty police officer who leapt into a freezing lake to rescue a dog in distress has been hailed as a “hero” by her grateful owners.
PC Jake Pike was enjoying his time off at the Harvester pub in Oakmere Park, Potters Bar, when he saw little Heidi falling into the icy waters at about 3.30pm on Wednesday (28 February).
The heroic officer took matters into his own hands after deciding the dog couldn’t wait for firefighters to arrive.
He managed to reach the stranded dog, scooping her up and getting her back safely to the bank.
PC Pike said: “I saw that the dog was in trouble and couldn’t stand by and do nothing.
“Instinct kicked in and I thought I was the best person to go in.
The brave PC had to change into chef’s whites while he thawed out following his chilly two-minute dip, and was checked over by the fire brigade once they arrived.
However, the hero officer is keen to warn others against following his example.
“I knew the lake really well, including the depth of it, and I weighed up the dangers of going in”, he said.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.12447
Retrieved Text: A Georgia police officer is being hailed as a hero after rushing into a burning home to save a little boy.
Dramatic body camera footage shows the moment Florida sheriff's deputies pull a woman from her burning home.
A pit bull named Ace is being hailed as a hero today after rescuing a 13-year-old boy from a house fire in Indiana.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.03434
Retrieved Text: Radio host Iain Lee has been hailed a hero for serving to save lots of a suicidal man’s life after conserving him talking for half an hour when he known as into his current.
The particular person, whose establish was solely given as Chris, phoned the Late Evening time Completely different current on talkRadio and acknowledged he had taken an overdose after affected by melancholy and post-traumatic stress dysfunction.
Lee saved him on the street, asking inquiries to work out his location so he could give as rather a lot ingredient as doable to emergency firms.
Chris, who acknowledged he was virtually 60, knowledgeable Lee he was in Plymouth and close to a nightclub.
The radio host, who appeared on I’m A Film star… Get Me Out Of Proper right here! closing yr, has been candid about his private psychological properly being points before now.
Just a few hours sooner than the choice, he had tweeted regarding the difficulties of decreasing his anti-depressants.
As Lee spoke to Chris, who was slurring and incoherent at events, he offered phrases of reassurance.
“Chris, I such as you brother, you deserve greater than this,” Lee acknowledged. “You deserve greater than this, and regardless of has occurred, I promise you it could be sorted. I guarantee that regardless of has occurred, it could be sorted out.
After virtually 30 minutes of conserving Chris talking, a police officer bought right here on to the street and knowledgeable Lee that they’d found the particular person. The DJ broke down on the data.
After the choice, he tweeted: “Tonight we took a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.010572
Retrieved Text: A pilot on Sichuan Airlines 3U8633 made an emergency landing in southwest China after a broken cockpit window sucked his co-pilot halfway out of the aircraft. Astonished citizens hailed the pilot was hailed a hero Tuesday.
Liu Chuanjian braved the intense cold and blasting wind to land the plane in about 20 minutes. The pilot had to slow the flight from its original speed of about 500-560 mph. All 128 people aboard the Airbus A319 survived the ordeal.
The plane was bound for Lhasa in Tibet from the southwestern city of Chongqing when the cockpit window shattered at about 32,000 feet.
The flight was diverted to the city of Chengdu in Sichuan province.
The most popular chat forum on the incident was titled, "My Hero Captain."
The safety director of the Civil Aviation Administration of China said at a press conference Tuesday that the plane "shed its right windshield" as it was flying over Chengdu.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.914614
Retrieved Text: Man was with his mother and two dogs when he noticed another man, who he had never seen before, turn around and walk towards them. Suddenly, the stranger pulled out a screwdriver and started slashing away, causing puncture wounds on the man’s arms. It was clear the attacker intended to do even more harm.
This amazing, loyal and brave pit bull is now hailed a hero, further proving there are no bad breeds — only bad owners.
Prev story Question was “Why God Created Grandmothers”, but NEVER Expected this Answer!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.84582
Retrieved Text: Jullian Assange, Is he a hero or a zero, a villian or a savior? Is he something in between and should we even care. We'll talk about this and more today on the podcast. If you are looking for a passionate and engaging look at politics with a side order of not taking ourselves to seriously you are gonna love The Schmidt Show.
Julian Assange: America Hater | National Review — This article from 2012 shows how the perception of Assange has evolved over the years.
Julian Assange Is Not a Journalist — The arrest of Julian Assange has predictably brought forth a torrent of overwrought, misguided, and sometimes downright ridiculous commentary. Even after years of exposure to his anti-Americanism, his anti-Semitism, and his raw personal corruption, people still seem to believe he performed some kind of service.
Jill Stein: 'No question' Julian Assange is a hero - CNNPolitics — Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein hailed Julian Assange as a hero Saturday, saying the WikiLeaks founder's disclosure of Democratic National Committee emails exposed the American electorate to important information.
Julian Assange: journalistic hero or enemy agent? - WikiLeaks — Even so, claim his supporters, his expulsion and arrest was a grave assault on press freedom. Others think it a long-overdue reckoning with justice for a man who had unleashed information anarchy upon the West, culminating in the destabilisation of American democracy. Is Mr Assange a heroic journalist, reckless activist or even an enemy agent?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.843939
Retrieved Text: Polk County Coroner Trey Litesey confirmed Friday that 43-year-old Michael Patterson of Rockmart died from complications resulting from his injury.
Patterson was hailed as a hero after authorities said he saved a girl from drowning in Euharlee Creek on June 8. Authorities say Patterson managed to pull the girl unharmed from the water, but struck his head during the dive and became paralyzed.
Rockmart Police Chief Keith Sorrells says Patterson had suffered pneumonia, a bacterial infection and a blood clot since arriving at the hospital.
A website raising money for Patterson's care said he received more than 60,000 prayers and messages of support.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.796795
Retrieved Text: Roy Larner is being hailed as a hero after he fought the London Bridge terrorists with his bare hands.
Larner was in a bar on the night of June 3 when the attackers crashed into the bar and starting yelling about Allah and Islam, he said.
The attackers killed 7 and injured close to 50 when they rammed a rental van into crowds on the bridge and went on a stabbing rampage through Borough Market.
The hero stopped them from raising the death toll of the horrific attack any higher, however, when he grappled with the terrorists, receiving multiple stabbing wounds all over his body.
"They just plunged at me, one of them. But apparently, I must have done so well with the first one, that that stopped the other two going into the restaurant," Larner told "Fox & Friends."
The London dweller said he thought to himself, "We're not having it anymore," after seeing the carnage.
As he fought the attackers he yelled, "F*** you, I'm Millwall!" the name of his local soccer club. The soccer team expressed their pride in Larner in a statement afterwards.
"I don't know, I must have done some good," the "Lion of London Bridge," as he was dubbed said. "I'm a very lucky person, to have survived."
Watch the riveting interview above.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.791832
Retrieved Text: Police officer saves family from..
A local police officer has saved the lives of a mother, father and infant from flood waters in Tasmania.
Constable Dabner from Latrobe has been hailed a hero.
He was called in to work early Monday morning due to flash floods across northern Tasmania.
Neil Mitchell spoke with Constable Peter Dabner on Wednesday.
‘I wasn’t long into my shift when I received a call in regards to a couple of people and a baby trapped in a vehicle,’ he said.
When Peter arrived he found a man and a woman and as well as a 3 month old baby trapped in a car.
‘I found the vehicle relatively quickly, there was another car further up the road that had washed down into a paddock,’ he said on 3AW Mornings.
The family are all fine now.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.776478
Retrieved Text: Robert the Bruce, hailed by many as Scotland’s greatest King, is buried in Dunfermline; just 12 miles from our Brewery. Bruce is a true icon who, although seen as an outlaw by some, was hailed as a hero by his loyal supporters.
We hope that this beer, created in his honour, will inspire such devotion. It’s a strong, but smooth, oaty, 5% abv. brew that stands out from the crowd.
Click the video above to find out more about Outlaw King iteslf.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.77183
Retrieved Text: Irish song writer Paddy Hanna is pleased to announce a headline Belfast show at the Duke of York on Friday 31st May 2019. Tickets on sale Friday March 22nd @ 10am from www.ticketmaster.ie, www.shine.net & Ticketmaster outlets nationwide. Northern Ireland customers 0844 277 44 55 & Republic of Ireland customers 0818 719 300.
Paddy Hanna’s second album, 2018’s Frankly, I Mutate was hailed by critics as “essential’ (Uproxx), “Superb” (The Quietus) and “As Brilliantly distinctive as they come” (Sunday Business Post). He also received considerable coverage in Stereogum, with Journalist Ryan Leas hailing him as an unsung hero of the Irish music scene.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.771797
Retrieved Text: Initially hailed as a national hero, his political repression has angered many.
Hosni Mubarak, Egyptian president has announced that he will not run for a new term in office, but for the moment, he has refused to stand down.
After running the country for three decades, he is one of the region's longest ruling leaders.
Al Jazeera's Alan Fisher reports on Mubarak's political career.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.73005
Retrieved Text: A video of a brave policeman desperately saving a Muslim youth in Uttarakhand from being lynched by the members of Bajrang Dal and Vishwa Hindu Parishad has gone viral on social media platforms.
Gagandeep Singh is a real life hero. We need many more of them in our police force and armed forces too. A crowd or mob can get out of control easily and an individual has no chance to defend in face of hate storm. Bravo GS!
If this cop had been killed by the mob, mark my word nobody would’ve cared about him beyond the usual media crooks.
A White civilian in America tried to save 2 Muslim from a White attacker and got himself killed. Hailed as a hero, he was forgotten by media and public within 5 hours after the incident.
This is too all those who assume that a Muslim’s life is valued as much as any other life: you are dam wrong in your assumption.

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: The word "rail" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He was concerned with rail safety.
Sentence 2: He traveled by rail.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.170685
Retrieved Text: A longtime manager of a railroad responsible for some fiery oil train crashes in North Dakota has been hired as an inspector for the state&apos;s new rail safety program.
Karl Carson, a 23-year employee of BNSF Railway and a manager for the railroad since 2004, starts the $90,000-a-year state job next week conducting track and worker safety inspections.
Carson is the first of two inspectors to be hired under a state-run rail safety pilot program reluctantly approved this year by the Republican-led Legislature. While North Dakota&apos;s Public Service Commission has touted its hiring of Carson to help supplement inspections by the Federal Railroad Administration, some have questioned the panel&apos;s rationale for hiring an industry insider.
"He may have the best intentions but it does look odd," said Wayde Schafer, a spokesman for the North Dakota chapter of the Sierra Club. "It&apos;d be like if they hired me."
The state rail safety program had been a campaign platform for Republican Public Service Commissioner Julie Fedorchak when she ran for the position last year. Fedorchak defended Carson&apos;s hiring, saying his experience with the railroad made him the favored choice over 17 other applicants.
Fedorchak said Carson "understands full well the responsibility of being a regulator."
Sen. Tyler Axness, a Fargo Democrat, was the first to propose the rail safety program in his failed bid against Fedorchak for a PSC seat in November. The aim was to help prevent oil train accidents like the 2013 crash in Casselton that left an ominous cloud over the city and led some residents to evacuate. That train was

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.967564
Retrieved Text: Fortescue Metals Group’s removal of asbestos from about 3400 Chinese rail cars is being done without sufficient safety precautions, according to the union that represents rail maintenance workers.
In 2017 FMG discovered white asbestos in friction wear plates in the suspension systems of 3384 rail cars and reported it to the safety regulator.
WorkSafe issued an improvement notice to FMG in September 2017 giving the Andrew Forrest-chaired iron ore miner two years to remove the asbestos.
WorkSafe had notified rail operators in 2013 that asbestos had been found in some friction plates.
Australian Manufacturing Worker’s Union assistant state secretary Glenn McLaren yesterday visited FMG’s Thomas rail yard near Port Hedland where the asbestos removal work is being done.
Mr McLaren said the work had started recently and about four cars per day were being completed.
“They’re only cracking on a year after the improvement notice was issued,” he said.
FMG chief executive Elizabeth Gaines said the iron ore miner had been testing potential replacement parts since it discovered the problem.
“Since October (2018), 958 of the 3384 cars impacted have had their parts safely changed,” she said.
Ms Gaines said FMG was on track to complete the work by the regulators’ September 2019 deadline.
Mr McLaren said the asbestos removal workers had inadequate decontamination facilities.
He said they were hosing themselves down at the end of a shift with a hand pumped water spray as used by gardeners.
The union-leader said he was concerned that other workers near the asbestos removal work could be exposed to deadly fibres.
He said the bunded zone to separate the work areas “is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.220022
Retrieved Text: Lytton Mayor Chris O’Connor is steaming mad. Just hours after a Canadian National Railway delegation addressed the town about improving safety standards Aug. 3 another CN train derailed near Lytton. It was the second derailment in less than a week near the Fraser Canyon town.
“It flies in the face of what they told us about improving safety records,” O’Connor said when contacted at home. CN spokespersons had a safety meeting in Lytton Aug. 3 to address the town’s concerns.
Nine CN rail cars carrying grain went off the tracks at 6:45 a.m. on Friday, Aug. 4. The train was at a track interchange when the accident occurred. Dan Holbrook of the Transportation Safety Board of Canada said the train was switching from one track to another rarely used track avoiding a track blocked because of a Canadian Pacific derailment earlier that same week.
“Under the weight of heavy grain the rails split and the cars derailed,” Holbrook said, adding that he has been unable to yet determine why, especially since the secondary track had been undergoing regular inspections.
Earlier that week 20 Canadian Pacific rail cars in a 124-car westbound coal train derailed north of Lytton, sending 12 cars down a steep embankment into the river. No one was injured in either of the two derailments.
However, in June two CN employees were killed in a fiery accident when a locomotive and rail car went off the tracks and plunged down a mountainside north of Lytton near Lillooet. TSB suspects the locomotive’s air brakes failed and subsequently ordered CN to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.87446
Retrieved Text: STATION safety has been pushed to the top of the agenda at a top-level rail summit called in the wake of a Daily Post campaign.
Up to 10 Assembly Members and five Westminster MPs will attend the North Wales meeting organised by the newlyformed transport consortium for the region Taith.
All six north Wales councils are represented on the consortium.
Acting chairman of Taith, Flintshire councillor, Meirion Matthews, said last night: "The concerns voiced by the Daily Post led to AMs and MPs raising questions about safety and the condition of our stations in North Wales.
"We invited them to our summit and I am glad to say the majority have accepted. Members of Taith are concerned about all aspects of our train services, particularly since the awarding of the new all-Wales franchise.
"We want to know that we can expect a better service than we had previously.
"The Daily Post survey about the condition of our stations and safety led to increasing concern."
Representatives from new franchise operator Arriva will be at the summit, along with Virgin Rail, the Welsh Development Agency and the Strategic Rail Authority.
Rail user groups, Chester City and Cheshire County Councils will also attend.
The Daily Post&apos;s Safe Station campaign was sparked by a vicious attack on father-of-four Gareth Jones by a group of youths as he innocently waited for a train at Prestatyn station late at night.
The attack left him with a fractured skull.
"One of our greatest worries when Arriva was awarded the franchise was that they said they would not have money for anything but running the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.772903
Retrieved Text: Notice restores waterfront train-whistle protocol to that in place prior to July 2013 tragedy on White Rock tracks.
Dec. 17, 2014 5:00 a.m.
White Rock’s waterfront should be a little quieter, as far as noise from trains is concerned.
Last week, Transport Canada revoked its order – issued last summer – that all trains sound “a repetitive succession of short horn blasts” when travelling along the waterfront from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Now, a standard warning – two long blasts, a short blast and a third long blast – is only required as the trains approach and exit the waterfront area.
Regular whistling protocol still applies to anytime the train engineer feels a warning is warranted. As well, train bells are still required to be sounded along the length of the promenade.
“Basically, we’re back to where we were before (the July 2013 death of a jogger on East Beach tracks),” Greg St. Louis, White Rock’s director of engineering and municipal operations, said Wednesday.
City manager Dan Bottrill said the repetitive-whistling order was revoked following a determination by Transport Canada officials that “sufficient progress” has been made with regard to safety along the waterfront rail line.
“We have made a number of different improvements,” Bottrill said, citing work in East Beach that has included adjustments to the grade of pedestrian crossings, the addition of mesh to hand railing and the addition of approximately 230 metres of hand railing to close gaps in the barrier.
The seasonal drop in the number of beach visitors was also considered, he said, adding the decision is to be

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.076094
Retrieved Text: The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) is warning a "major loss of life" is likely unless tougher regulations on oil-by-rail shipment are introduced.
The agency's warning follows a spate of high-profile derailments of trains that were carrying crude oil, most recently in North Dakota and Quebec.
The NTSB said Thursday it was "concerned" a "major loss of life, property damage and environmental consequences" could occur, if large volumes of crude or other flammable liquids are involved in an rail accident.
"The large-scale shipment of crude oil by rail simply didn't exist ten years ago, and our safety regulations need to catch up with this new reality," said NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman said in a statement. "While this energy boom is good for business, the people and the environment along rail corridors must be protected from harm."
Supporters of the Keystone XL oil pipeline have said that the amount of oil that is being shipped by trains would decrease if the controversial pipeline is approved by the Obama administration.
The NTSB did not address the Keystone pipeline in its recommendations on Thursday, but the agency did issue three suggestions to increase the safety of oil-by-rail shipments.
The NTSB's proposals call for rerouting trains carrying crude oil around heavily populated areas, establishing a program that allows the Federal Railroad Administration and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration to audit the labeling of trains by railways that carry oil and the companies that ship with them.
Hersman said the recommendations were reasonable responses to the high-profile derailments.
"If unit trains of flammable liquids are going to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.053812
Retrieved Text: The Vancouver Sun recently reported that train derailments in British Columbia increased 21% to 110 incidents in 2013, the highest in 5 years, based on Transportation Safety Board of Canada data. That compared with 91 derailments in B.C. in 2012. Canadian National Railway was involved in 57 of the 2013 derailments, Canadian Pacific Railway in 50 and British Columbia Railway in 3.
Three of the more significant B.C. derailments in 2013 involved Canadian National Railway trains. Twelve CN cars carrying sulphur derailed near Chetwynd on May 15, 15 cars carrying ore derailed near Tumbler Ridge on August 1, and the largest liquid spill involved a punctured CN locomotive fuel tank spilling more than 3,000 litres of diesel fuel on January 30 in a Prince George rail yard. Most derailments occur in rail yards or remote stretches of track far from the public eye and are unreported by the news media.
Many B.C. municipalities are concerned about the increasing number of derailments. Belcarra Mayor Ralph Drew recently said the increase in derailments is worrisome, especially given the spike in shipments of oil by rail through B.C.’s mountainous regions. (Belcarra is part of Metro Vancouver.) Drew said he believes pipelines are safer than rail for transporting oil. “A derailment of oil tank cars in the Fraser Canyon would be catastrophic. It would move down the whole length; mind-boggling, actually. It makes a tanker spill at sea minor in comparison with the linear damage along the river, and it would ultimately end up in the Fraser River estuary, which is critical

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.732061
Retrieved Text: The European Commission has extended safety certification on the Channel Tunnel for three months from the end of March to allow rail transport to continue between the UK and France in the event of a no-deal Brexit.
The Commission is continuing its “preparedness” planning for no-deal departure on March 30th, and at Tuesday’s meeting in Strasbourg adopted a proposal to help mitigate the significant impact that such a scenario would have on rail transport and connectivity between the EU and the UK.
The proposal will extend the validity of safety authorisations for certain parts of rail infrastructure for a strictly limited period of three months “to allow long-term solutions in line with EU law to be put in place”. This will be conditional on the UK maintaining safety standards identical to EU requirements.
“It is also essential that the concerned undertakings and national authorities continue to take all necessary measures to comply with EU rules on train driver licences, market access, as well as safety certificates and authorisations required to operate in the EU,” a Commission statement said.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.318727
Retrieved Text: The official guidebook of Rail Europe, Frommer's Europe by Rail give you the lowdown on everything you need to make your European rail vacation a success, including extensive information on train reservations, scenic routes, and discount railpasses. Our authors, experts in European train travel, hit all the highlights, from the scenic trains of Switzerland to the historic railways of Greece to the high-speed lines of France and Germany. They outline the best way to see the continent by rail and offer authoritative, candid reviews that will help you find hotel and dining choices that suit your tastes and budget. You'll also get coverage of shopping and nightlife; detailed attraction reviews; accurate maps; advice on planning a successful European rail vacation; and an entire chapter of special rail itineraries. Frommer's Europe by Rail also includes a color fold-out map. Amy Eckert 's love affair with travel began on a train in Europe and hasn't stopped yet. As a college student, Amy lived and worked in Southern Germany; as a travel writer, she has returned many times since, traveling by train through a dozen countries, including Germany, France, the Benelux nations, Italy, and Scandinavia. Dardis McNamee is editor-in-chief of the Vienna Review and an assistant professor of Media Communications at Webster University Vienna. In her long career in journalism, she has been a correspondent for the New York Times, Condé Nast Traveler, Wall Street Journal Europe, and Die Zeit, as well as a speech writer to two U.S. ambassadors to Austria. She has lived in Vienna for 15

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.095554
Retrieved Text: BISMARCK - Both inspectors for a state rail safety program -- aimed to prevent such fiery derailments involving crude oil as happened this year near Heimdal -- have been hired and are training with federal inspectors.
Nick Smith / Bismarck Tribune Dec 6th 2015 - 10pm.
BISMARCK – Both inspectors for a state rail safety program - aimed to prevent such fiery derailments involving crude oil as happened this year near Heimdal - have been hired and are training with federal inspectors.
In July, an agreement was approved by the state’s Public Service Commission with the Federal Railroad Administration to begin a pilot rail safety program in the state. The program is to supplement the work of the several FRA inspectors assigned to North Dakota and several other states in the region.
Concerns over rail safety have stemmed from a more than 200 percent increase in shipments by rail since 2000. More than half of the state’s 1.16 million barrels per day of oil were moving by rail as of September, the most recent data available.
Lawmakers approved $523,345 from the rail safety fund for the program. Of this, $253,345 is for the salary of one inspector and $200,000 for a temporary employee. The remaining $70,000 is for operating costs. The pilot program is to last through the 2017-19 biennium.
“We’ll target ours a bit different. We’ll target them in areas where people live. They’ll be focusing on areas where trains pass through, large and small towns,” said PSC chairwoman Julie Fedorchak, adding she expects the staff to be out in the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.047947
Retrieved Text: ROSEMEAD – The three candidates in the March 8 city council election are approaching voters with a diversity of ideas on how to improve this city, from attracting more businesses to increasing the number of bike lanes to making Garvey Avenue safer for pedestrians.
All three candidates have also pledged to fight the use of eminent domain to clear a path for a high speed rail through the region.
Two seats are up for election – one currently help by councilwoman Polly Low, who is vying to keep the seat, and the other being vacated by Gary Taylor, who is leaving the dais after nearly 40 years.
Low faces planning commissioner William Alarcon, and community activist Alejandro Gandara. The top two vote getters will win.
Alarcon has spent a dozen years on various city commissions, most recently the planning commission. He was also appointed to serve on the council from 2005 to 2006 after another councilman stepped down. He then lost his re-election bid.
Gandara is a longtime resident and community activist, and was particularly involved in the battle five years ago against building a Wal-Mart in the city.
Despite that history, Gandara said he is running for city council to reduce the contentiousness that divided the city a few years ago.
“How can we move forward as a city where people come up with ideas but just because they are hated, they are voted down,” he said.
But that Wal-Mart-based hostility has subsided significantly in the past two years. For example, Low was endorsed this year by Rosemead Partners – the pro-Wal-Mart group

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.765917
Retrieved Text: Alexandria resident and current state representative for House District 26 Jeff Hall announced his candidacy for Mayor of Alexandria Thursday morning. Hall previously ran for the position in 2014, finishing second to current Alexandria Mayor Jacques Roy in a five-candidate race.
In a press release announcing his candidacy Hall said he is deeply concerned with public safety issues in Alexandria. He noted his campaign platform is one of economic prosperity, public safety and bringing leadership back to city hall.
"Alexandria, Louisiana, is in a perfect position for an economic revitalization. With the busy interstate, growing river port, numerous rail connections and an impressive airport, there is no reason for the economic slump afflicting the area," Hall said in the release.
"I am running on a pro-business, pro-people platform that brings jobs back, grows existing businesses, and makes city government something that actually works. Do you think the city is better today than it was 11 years ago?"
Hall is a retired Cleco executive who worked for the city of Alexandria for seven years, mostly in the accounting department, in the 1970s before going to work for the Central Louisiana Legal Services and the Rapides Parish Police Jury. He joined Cleco in 1981, where he worked for 32 years.
In addition to serving in the Louisiana Legislature, Hall is the former chairman of the Greater Alexandria Economic Development Authority (GAEDA) as well as the Alexandria Central Economic Economic Development District (ACEED). Hall also served on the Rapides Hospital Board of Trustees.
Qualifying for the Alexandria Mayor's race runs July 18-20 with the election

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.668505
Retrieved Text: Are High-Speed Trains the Safest Form of Transportation?
High-speed trains have been getting a lot of media attention lately as our country searches for ways to get people from one place to another quickly, safely and in ways that reduce our dependency on fossil fuel. In the current economic climate, many high-speed train projects are being considered as a way to accomplish these goals and put people back to work. However, California train accident lawyers are concerned about whether a high-speed rail system is the right solution in a state plagued by train accidents.
These trains have marvelous safety records. Japan’s bullet trains, or Shinkansen, have transported over nine billion passengers in more than 46 years of operation without one train-related fatality. That’s remarkable. France’s TGV high-speed trains have been moving people quickly and efficiently for more than 29 years, carry over 100 million travelers annually and have not had a single train-related passenger fatality.
There are plans for one such high-speed train for California. The California High-Speed Rail Project will run on an 800-mile route, and Mr. Habbas and other Southern California train accident lawyers will be pleased to note that the system will be grade-separated. Grade-separated means that there will be no grade crossings with other rail lines, roads, pedestrians or other traffic. The only locations where the new trains would share tracks with other trains would be in the Bay Area and between Los Angeles and Anaheim.
Anaheim train accident lawyer Samer Habbas welcomes the new high-speed train in the area. Nevertheless, he sees victims of train

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.585272
Retrieved Text: Investing in a world leading digital railway holds to key tackling the UK rail network’s on-going congestion, reliability, safety and escalating cost problems, according to Network Rail chief executive Mark Carne.
Using digital in-cab signalling technology could, he said, see capacity in urban areas instantly boosted by up to 40%, signals passed at danger cut by 80%, signal failures cut by 30%, trains running faster and more efficiently while passengers benefit from enhanced ticketing, information systems and service reliability.
“There is a huge opportunity to transform the capacity and reliability of our railway line using digital train control and to be really bold and aggressive about the way that we roll this out on our network today,” he said.
Carne’s comments came after the 2015 annual George Bradshaw Address to the rail industry held last week at the Institution of Civil Engineers, an event which also marked his first anniversary as Network Rail chief executive.
Entitled “Lifting the bonnet on Network Rail” Carne gave a critical assessment of Network Rail’s performance – an assessment which event host and shadow transport minister Lord Andrew Adonis described as a “systematic hatchet job” on his own organisation.
Carne’s presentation laid bare his thoughts about the state of and challenges facing Network Rail after what he described as a “rollercoaster ride” of a first year.
In particular he highlighted the problems witnessed over the Christmas period as evidence that there was work to do to improve the railways.
Carne’s delivery highlighted what he described as his two “central philosophies” underpinning the culture of the company; that “safety

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.471436
Retrieved Text: WTS is pleased to host a luncheon program with Joseph C. Szabo, the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA).
The mission of the FRA is to enable the safe, reliable, and efficient movement of people and goods for a strong America, now and in the future. Mr. Szabo is a fifth generation railroader who, between 2006 and 2009, was Vice President of the Illinois AFL-CIO. He has served as mayor of Riverdale, Illinois, a member of the South Suburban Mayors Transportation Committee, and Vice Chairman of the Chicago Area Transportation Study’s Executive Committee. In 2002, he chaired the Governor’s Freight Rail Sub-Committee and, in 2005, was assigned by the United Transportation Union International to the FRA’s Railroad Safety Advisory Committee (RSAC), where he participated in the development of rail-safety regulations. Mr. Szabo has served on the Executive Council of Chicago Metropolis 2020, focusing on Land Use Planning and Transportation issues and was a member of the Chicagoland Metropolitan Planning Council.
Mr. Szabo will share his perspective on key railroad issues nationwide including High Speed Rail initiatives and Chicago region rail projects and challenges. Please join WTS for our May monthly luncheon program.
The deadline to register is April 30th at 5:00 PM. We hope to see you there!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.470697
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON – U.S. Representative Mike Quigley (IL-05), a member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies (THUD), along with Rep. Dan Lipinski (IL-03) introduced the Reassuring Adequate Investment in Lifesaving Systems or the RAILS Act, which reauthorizes the Railroad Safety Technology Grants Program to provide critical funding for train control technologies, rail integrity inspection systems, paperless hazardous communication devices, and other new rail safety items. Joined in support by U.S. Representatives Bobby Rush (IL-01), Robin Kelly (IL-02), Luis Gutierrez (IL-04), and Danny Davis (IL-07), the bill provides $200 million for each of the next five years for positive train control safety technologies, rail integrity inspection systems, a system for electronic communication regarding hazardous material rail shipments, and other new rail safety items.
The RAILS Act reauthorizes the program to help various entities get much-needed money to finish the project, and it authorizes additional uses, like spectrum acquisition, which is needed for the technology, and interoperability testing, which helps trains use tracks owned by other companies.
The Railroad Safety Technology Grant Program was first authorized under the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008. The program authorizes the Department of Transportation to provide grants to passenger and freight rail carriers, railroad suppliers, and state and local governments for projects that have a public benefit of improved railroad safety and efficiency. Reps. Quigley and Lipinski helped set aside $60 million in the FY14 omnibus to fund this project in its final year.
As Illinois’ only member on the House Appropriations Committee, Rep. Quigley has pushed for

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.45227
Retrieved Text: Reliability/Maintainability Engineering. Bridget has served as technical editor on several professional publications including several books on light rail. She is a graduate of Widener University with Bachelor’s Degrees with Honors in English and Spanish and a minor in Italian, and holds a Masters Degree in Education and Linguistics from University of Mary Washington, Fredericksburg, Virginia.
Alfred Fazio has 40 years experience in freight and passenger rail. Born in Brooklyn, Al’s favorite transit system is the New York City Subway. He has worked for Amtrak, New Jersey Transit’s RiverLINE, and the Twenty First Century Rail located in Northern New Jersey, and has a particular expertise in DBOM models. Al holds a Bachelor’s in Civil Engineering from Villanova University, a Master’s in Environmental Engineering from Drexel University, a Master’s in Applied Mechanics from the University of Pennsylvania, and is a registered Professional Engineer. He is a member of the American Railway Engineering and Maintenance-of-Way Association (AREMA) as well as the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA).
As Senior Track Specialist with BRT Services, Dave utilizes his technical expertise to develop, implement, and mentor trainees in training programs. He is a Subject Matter Expert on all things track, including safety standards and inspections. Prior to joining BRT, Dave worked for Amtrak for 30 + years, beginning as a Trackman and retiring as a Senior Technical Trainer. He brings invaluable experience in the areas of track inspections, safety, technical knowledge, and professional training.
Ben Reed began his career in the mid-1960’s with the Pennsylvania Railroad. He continued through Penn Central and AMTRAK,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.410885
Retrieved Text: Balfour Beatty and McGinley Recruitment Services are fined a total of £325,000 after pleading guilty to breaching safety rules.
Balfour Beatty’s rail maintenance business has been fined £150,000 following the death of a rail worker in October 2000.
Balfour Beatty Rail Infrastructure Services pleaded guilty to breaching safety rules after student Michael Mungovan, 22, was struck by a train at Vauxhall, south London.
McGinley Recruitment Services who recruited Mungovan also pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey on Thursday and was fined £175,000.
Judge Stephen Krammer said: “His untimely and tragic death resulted from the unsafe system of work practices operated by Balfour Beatty and McGinley Recruitment.
At an inquest jury in London in 2002 returned a verdict of unlawful killing after finding that Mungovan has been given minimum training. The court was told that Balfour Beatty did not exercise effective supervision of staff supplied by the recruitment firm.
McGinley was found to have supplied workers with lower qualifications than Balfour Beatty specified, and had failed to check who was in the team.
Mark Bishop, spokesperson for Balfour Beatty said that the death was a tragedy that should never happen again.
He said that new schemes had been adopted with Network Rail to improve safety.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.398623
Retrieved Text: The Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Limited, Shanthi Nagar, Bangalore is a partnership between the government of India and that of Karnataka, with the main aim of implementing the Bangalore Metro Rail project. To learn what the project is all about, you can get on their official site so that you get all the necessary information that you want. The site offers details section for the project profile, which provides info on the metro network, project highlights, land acquisition and more. To get travel info, tickets, info on tenders and the latest news, the site offers an ideal platform for this. As a user of the site, you can get info on the metro stations, including facilities at the stations, metro etiquette, and safety precautions. The site offers all the necessary info concerned with the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Limited, Shanthi Nagar, and Bangalore.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.39199
Retrieved Text: WATERTOWN, WIS. – Concerns about the safety of crude oil trains loom over a proposed rail takeover that would create the largest rail system in North America.
Last week, Alberta-based Canadian Pacific made public its plan to acquire Virginia-based Norfolk Southern. The $28.4 billion deal would need to be approved by company shareholders and federal regulators, a process that could take at least 18 months.
The railroads are key players in the transportation of crude oil from North Dakota’s Bakken shale region to East Coast refineries. Currently, Canadian Pacific transfers the shipments to Norfolk Southern at Chicago. The combined company could offer a seamless path the entire distance to the East Coast.
Though both companies have so far escaped the most serious crude by rail incidents involving spills, fires and mass evacuations, they are likely to face fresh scrutiny of their safety practices and relationships with communities if they agree to a deal.
Two Canadian Pacific trains derailed earlier this month in Watertown, a city of 24,000 about an hour west of Milwaukee.
The first occurred on Nov. 8 when 13 cars of an eastbound oil train bound from North Dakota to Philadelphia derailed and spilled about 500 gallons. About 35 homes were evacuated for more than a day. Then on Nov. 11, a second train derailed at the same spot as the first. Though no one was injured, the back-to-back incidents shook residents.
“If safety was really important, you wouldn’t have two trains derail in one town in one week,” said Sarah Zarling, a mother of five who lives a few

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.32737
Retrieved Text: Northern Rail operates services across Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire.
Staff at Northern Rail are set to hold a further 24-strike next month in a row over the future role of guards.
Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) will walk out from 00.01am to 23.59pm on Saturday April 8.
Mick Cash, RMT general secretary, said the industrial action was the result of rail bosses failing to guarantee the future role of guards on trains.
He added: "This dispute, and the industrial action we have announced, were entirely preventable if the company had listened to the unions deep-seated safety concerns, had taken them seriously, stuck to their earlier commitments and had put passenger safety before profit."
Northern Rail said revised services will be in operation on the day of the strike, with further information being released shortly.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.30243
Retrieved Text: The NTSB’s report on the May 2015 crash in Philadelphia does little to explain why the train was traveling faster than the posted speed before it derailed.
What happened on May 12, 2015, when Amtrak 188 derailed in Philadelphia?
A tranche of documents released by the National Transportation Safety Board offer less clarity than what victims and their families, anxious riders, and curious railfans might want to know. In some ways, the answer appears simple: The train was going too fast headed into a curve, and it came off the rails. But that much was clear soon after the accident, which killed eight and injured 200. In many ways, the huge stock of documents doesn’t bring anyone closer to understanding what happened.
There doesn’t appear to be any evidence that Amtrak 188 was hit by rocks or bullets, though it passed a regional commuter train that had been rocked. Engineer Brandon Bostian tested negative for drugs and alcohol. He wasn’t using his phone at the time of the accident—in fact, it was apparently in a bag, turned off and on airplane mode, until after the derailment. Bostian has no medical history that would have suggested problems. While he had to shorten his break between a trip to Washington, D.C., and the fateful return trip to New York on the day of the accident, he said he felt good.
Even before these documents, Bostian had emerged as a sort of tragic figure: A man who had always wanted to be an engineer, who lived trains, yet had driven his train off

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.278992
Retrieved Text: The international Benelux train, which makes the link between Brussels and Amsterdam, has not been equipped with TBL1+, the automatic braking system. This was reported by De Morgen and confirmed to the VRT. This triggers safety issues on Belgian soil.
TBL1+ makes sure a train stops automatically should a train driver ignore a red signal. All trains in Belgium boast this new system, except for 9 locomotives running between Brussels and Amsterdam. This triggers safety issues on Belgian soil, between Antwerp and Brussels.
The problem is due to the fact that the new Fyra train between Brussels and Amsterdam became a flop. The order was scrapped after various technical problems emerged. When the rail service was reinstalled, Belgian Rail rented locomotives abroad, but these were not compatible with the Belgian safety system.
Belgian Rail was allowed an exception and the issue should be solved by the end of the year.
This being said, train drivers operating the train between Brussels and Antwerp are bearing a heavy responsibility now. They cannot make any mistake. There actually was an incident last November, when a train driver missed a red signal in Luchtbal, just north of Antwerp.
The driver was alerted by telephone and pulled the emergence brake, eventually bringing the train to a standstill 2.1 kilometres further. It is believed that the train was going at 90 km/h at that moment, but trains can reach a speed of up 160 km/h between Antwerp and Brussels.
"Antwerp-Brussels is a very busy line. Benelux trains are going every hour and you have to know that they

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.210213
Retrieved Text: The Park City Police Department recently discovered an encampment on a hillside close to Prospector, part of a series of reports about homeless people in the vicinity. The police are concerned for the safety of the people living in the campsites as well as the safety of the public.
The Park City Police Department in recent weeks has responded to a series of reports of encampments on a hillside just off the Rail Trail, prompting officers to monitor the area more closely.
The police have received reports of approximately 10 camps and officers have found some of them in the hills. Phil Kirk, a department captain, said most of the reports have involved locations on the hillside. The land is situated close to Prospector, and someone living on the hillside would have easy access to the neighborhood as well as the Prospector business district.
Kirk said the police attention to the campsites is based on public safety, indicating the people living on the hillside are susceptible to the elements. They could also pose a danger through criminal activity. Kirk said drugs and alcohol have been found at the campsites. He also said an open fire was reported at a campsite in 2016. Park City has long been concerned about open fires causing a wildfire in a heavily wooded area like the hillside off the Rail Trail.
"We want to ensure their health and the public's health by not allowing an unsafe campsite in the community," Kirk said.
He said the Police Department is also investigating the possibility of links between the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.20866
Retrieved Text: A Reading contractor has been prosecuted after a decorator was hospitalised for three weeks after falling through a substandard guard rail at a housing development.
Phillip Williams, 63, from Reading, fractured his hip, broke five ribs, chipped a bone in his spine and was left with internal bleeding and clotting around his lungs as a result of the fall last summer.
Reading Magistrates’ Court heard that he had been subcontracted to work at the property by main contractor W Pocock and Sons Limited.
Williams was walking towards a first floor light-well to talk to workers on the ground floor. As he leant in against a wooden guard rail it gave way and he fell approximately 2.6 metres to the ground floor below.
The Health and Safety Executive found the guard rail in the light well had been removed and replaced prior to the incident in order to pass materials from the ground floor to the first.
This seemingly caused the fixings to deteriorate, therefore making the guard rail inadequate to prevent a person from falling – a direct failing on behalf of the contractor.
W Pocock and Sons, of New Lane Hill, Tilehurst, pleaded guilty to a safety breach and was fined £5,000 and ordered to pay £2,706 in costs.
After the hearing, HSE inspector James Powell, said: “Mr Williams sustained serious injuries as a result of his fall, which could easily have been avoided had the guard rail been adequately secured to ensure that it could not be displaced.
“It simply wasn’t up to the job, possibly as a result of the rail

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.181715
Retrieved Text: Owners of a burgeoning crude oil terminal at the Port of Albany made their first presentation Thursday to an Albany County emergency planning group, offering assurances their operation is safe and prepared for any spill, fire or other disaster.
While Global Partners has been shipping increasing amounts of North Dakota crude through the port during the past two years, it was their initial appearance before the county Local Emergency Planning Committee, which is responsible under federal law to make sure officials are prepared for disasters.
Recent derailments of oil trains in the U.S. and Canada have raised concerns about safety. This week, several rail tank cars derailed near Buffalo, without injury or leaking. But there have been huge explosions and fires from tanker derailments in Canada and Alabama this year. A derailment in Lac Megantic, Quebec, on July 6 killed 47 people.
About 1.2 billion gallons of highly flammable crude oil a year are moving into the Port of Albany in thousands of rail tankers from the Bakken oil fields of North Dakota or from Canada. Crude shipments are expected to grow, as state permits allow terminals operated by Global, based in Waltham, Mass., and another company at the port, Houston-based Buckeye Partners, to handle up to 2.8 billion gallons annually.
During Thursday's meeting at the port, several dozen of the black, cylindrical-shaped tank cars in the rail yard were pumping crude into Global storage tanks, from where it would later be pumped into double-hulled barges to go down the Hudson River and eventually to refineries on the East Coast.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.181149
Retrieved Text: Sonoma County supervisors Tuesday revived one of their most controversial land-use debates, examining potential changes to a planned quarry west of Cotati that has been in the works for a decade and a half.
Quarry developer John Barella wants to alter some of the conditions the county imposed when it narrowly approved his project off Roblar Road eight years ago. The Board of Supervisors last year hired a consultant to study Barella’s proposed changes and is now considering a draft of the resulting environmental analysis.
Much of Tuesday’s discussion centered around a 1.6-mile stretch of Roblar Road that would be used hundreds of times daily by large trucks hauling aggregate from the quarry. Barella’s team says the original county requirement to widen the road to 40 feet proved unworkable and proposed constructing a road that’s 32 feet wide instead.
The proposal prompted safety concerns from some supervisors and community members, particularly since the road is used by cyclists.
Supervisor Shirlee Zane, the only current board member who was in office when the project was approved, called for further road improvements that would slow traffic and better accommodate bicycles.
Local passenger rail officials have told Santa Rosa they’re putting the brakes on plans for a $2.3 million rail crossing near Coddingtown Mall, but they’re saying very little publicly about their apparent reversal.
Top Sonoma-Marin Area Rail Transit officials recently informed Santa Rosa Mayor Chris Coursey and other city officials that they are concerned about the safety of a proposed crossing for pedestrians and bicyclists at Jennings Avenue.
That’s a major about-face for SMART officials,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.129576
Retrieved Text: Picking up right where I left off in “Rails versus roads: Infrastructure equality can work wonders,” the use of passenger trains to mitigate harmful emissions can be a very effective means of doing such, provided that: 1) there are trains of sufficient quantity and quality operating; 2) there exists a ridership base sufficient enough to have an impact; and 3) the kind of congestion the roadway network at many times is burdened with is not likewise duplicated in the train operating environment.
The success of any mechanism to reduce emissions is only as strong as its weakest link. And if the weakest link in this case is ridership shortfalls, then that would be a hindrance. So, I wanted to know what the potential for success is with regard to this particular aspect.
Given that I am a United States citizen and given that the motor vehicle in America reigns supreme, what better place is there than this to test the hypothesis outlined in the first paragraph above, especially with regard to aspect number 2 – ridership sufficiency? It is with this in mind that I consulted the “U.S. Department of Transportation, Research and Innovative Technology Administration, Bureau of Transportation Statistics, Table 1-40: U.S. Passenger-Miles (Millions),” to ascertain data specifically for the purpose of drawing conclusion(s) and, therefore hopefully, supporting my premise.
In getting started, I looked at the history and trends passenger-miles traveled highway compared to railway. I chose years 1997, 2000, 2003, 2007 and 2010, the last being the latest year data was available.
In the railway category, included

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.077427
Retrieved Text: GLADSTONE — Every time he steps out of his residence, Derrick Voigt has a clear view of the railroad tracks that slice through this small southwest North Dakota town.
Though he lays his head down at night about 500 feet from passing trains featuring cars packed with Bakken crude oil, Voigt said he doesn’t worry about a Casselton-like disaster occurring in Gladstone.
Similar to explosive derailments that occurred last year in Quebec and Alabama, Monday’s fiery train collision in Casselton — which did not cause any reported injuries — has again brought train safety issues to the forefront of the national energy transport debate.
Echoing the sentiments of some of North Dakota’s most powerful politicians, Voigt said he has a simple solution that would limit expensive — and, at times, deadly — oil train derailments and collisions.
North Dakota transported more than 700,000 barrels of oil per day by rail in October, North Dakota Pipeline Authority director Justin Kringstad said in his most recent update.
Since 1964, Edwin and Eva Hecker have lived just steps from the railroad tracks in their home along Broadway Street in Dickinson. Like Voigt, the Heckers said they aren’t losing sleep worrying about a derailed train tanker exploding in their front yard.
On Thursday, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration issued a safety alert to the public stating that Bakken crude oil may be more flammable that other, more traditional types of oil, a point Edwin said he was already familiar with because of what he was told by an oil industry worker.
Edwin Hecker said he

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.057993
Retrieved Text: No More Baby Killer Cribs !
Drop-side cribs should have been dropped a long time ago. Why? Because they kill. I blogged about drop-side crib deaths last year. The drop-side sometimes created a gap between the mattress and side rail where babies got caught, suffocated and died. About 40 babies have been strangled to death since 2000. This of course led to product liability lawsuits in New York and around the nation.
Are drop-side cribs convenient? Yes. A lifting side rail allows parents to easily place and pick up their baby. But in a convenience-versus-safety match, especially where babies are concerned, safety should win out.
And finally it did. This week the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) is finally banning drop-side cribs, even at yard sales! Now, all four sides will be fixed, and so will the problem of baby strangulation.
Better still, all crib models sold in the U.S. will be rigorously tested for tightened hardware that can’t shake loose from a baby’s rattling.

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: The word "obstacle" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Lack of imagination is an obstacle to one's advancement.
Sentence 2: The poverty of a district is an obstacle to good education.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.898552
Retrieved Text: n. 1. The act of obstructing, or state of being obstructed.
2. That which obstructs or impedes; an obstacle; an impediment; a hindrance.
A popular assembly free from obstruction.
3. The condition of having the natural powers obstructed in their usual course; the arrest of the vital functions; death.
To lie in cold obstruction, and to rot.
Disparity in age seems a greater obstacle to an intimate friendship than inequality of fortune.
The king expected to meet with all the obstructions and difficulties his enraged enemies could lay in his way.
3. obstruction - something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted; "lack of immagination is an obstacle to one's advancement"; "the poverty of a district is an obstacle to good education"; "the filibuster was a major obstruction to the success of their plan"

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.741264
Retrieved Text: n. 1. The act of obstructing, or state of being obstructed.
2. That which obstructs or impedes; an obstacle; an impediment; a hindrance.
A popular assembly free from obstruction.
3. The condition of having the natural powers obstructed in their usual course; the arrest of the vital functions; death.
To lie in cold obstruction, and to rot.
Disparity in age seems a greater obstacle to an intimate friendship than inequality of fortune.
The king expected to meet with all the obstructions and difficulties his enraged enemies could lay in his way.
3. obstruction - something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted; "lack of immagination is an obstacle to one's advancement"; "the poverty of a district is an obstacle to good education"; "the filibuster was a major obstruction to the success of their plan"

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.913689
Retrieved Text: Migration and poverty forced Shobha to quit her education. Rising against all the odds, Shobha decided to battle poverty by educating her children.
Shobha Thakur, 38, leaves for work with the hope of fulfilling her dream- a dream which gave her the strength to battle poverty. She says, “My daughter always wanted to learn designing or nursing, but my economic condition is the biggest obstacle.” It’s normal routine for Shobha now. A maid and a proud mother, Shobha believes that education is the only thing which can uplift her from poverty.
Shobha managed to clear grade five, after which her life changed completely. Hailing from the Uplai village of Solapur district, Shobha has witnessed poverty from her childhood. “I always wanted to educate myself, but my father was working in Ichalkaranji town of Kolhapur district. Eventually, we had to migrate and this ended my dream of education,” she says.
Shobha migrated to Ichalkaranji in 1995. “I didn’t like the town, so I didn’t continue my education,” she added. In order to make ends meet, she started working as a maid from the age of 14 and got married at the age of 16 which introduced a chapter of tremendous struggle in her life.
Shobha’s husband was an alcoholic and this created problems on several fronts. “My husband didn’t give any money for children’s education. He never gave me money either, so I had to continue working as a maid,” she says.
Her daughter successfully cleared grade X after which she took admission in a local commerce college of Ichalkaranji. She dreams

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.84555
Retrieved Text: n. a conceptual whole made up of complicated and related parts; "the complex of shopping malls, houses, and roads created a new town"
adj. marked by complexity and richness of detail; "an elaborate lace pattern"
n. a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed of many parts; "the structure consisted of a series of arches"; "she wore her hair in an amazing construction of whirls and ribbons"
n. the quality of being a hindrance; "he pointed out all the drawbacks to my plan"
n. a factor causing trouble in achieving a positive result or tending to produce a negative result; "serious difficulties were encountered in obtaining a pure reagent"
n. something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted; "lack of imagination is an obstacle to one's advancement"; "the poverty of a district is an obstacle to good education"; "the filibuster was a major obstruction to the success of their plan"
n. an irrational motive for performing trivial or repetitive actions, even against your will; "her compulsion to wash her hands repeatedly"
n. any disease or disorder that occurs during the course of (or because of) another disease; "bed sores are a common complication in cases of paralysis"
n. (physical chemistry) a sample of matter in which substances in different phases are in equilibrium; "in a static system oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface"; "a system generating hydrogen peroxide"
adj. lacking clarity of meaning; causing confusion or perplexity; "sent confusing signals to Iraq"; "perplexing to someone who knew nothing about it"; "a puzzling statement"
adj. generally incompetent and ineffectual; "feckless

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.057308
Retrieved Text: Access to education for the children of Burmese migrant workers in Southern Thailand is very difficult for a number of reasons: such as poverty, inability to speak the Thai language, fear of discrimination and a very basic educational level.
Despite the governmental policy that states that all children have the right to education in Thailand, it is very difficult for Burmese children to attend school in Southern Thailand. The principal reason is that many Burmese children are unable to read or write in Thai, so they cannot keep up with the lessons at school. Another obstacle is that legal Burmese migrants are unaware of the fact their children can attend school. Thai schools also fail to reach out to Burmese communities due to the language barrier and lack of resources. In addition, migrants usually are unable to afford the school tuition fees, transportation fees, uniform costs and other continuous costs.
FED’s drive for providing an education to Burmese migrants is so that education can be used as a tool to break the cycle of poverty that afflicts these children and their parents. Most of the families of migrant children have themselves received little or no education, and as such, it is extremely difficult for them to find any work other than low paid, unskilled labor/jobs. The jobs that migrants tend to do in Thailand are referred to as the 3 D’s; Dirty, Dangerous, and Difficult. These worksites usually include rubber plantations, construction sites, fisheries and sawmills. Providing a learning space for the children not only improves their future

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.167135
Retrieved Text: We believe that every child matters and that young people have a right to live life free of poverty, abuse and exploitation. For a young person to thrive they need a holistic education, physical and mental health, and good livehoods.
At Mama Melissa Foundation, we provide a holistic education, support physical and mental health, and opportunities for good livehoods to a select group of vulnerable youth. We support gifted disadvantaged and vulnerable girls in Mbeere south district by paying school fees, to have access to secondary education by empowering young scholars to finish school, leverage their education into viable opportunities for earned income and have the tools to self-advocate for their own life choices.
The reasons we concentrate on girls is because in Kenya and indeed in Africa from time immemorial girls have received less education than boys. This is because due to some tradition girls were married off at an early age in return for dowry which helped to support the family.
When you educate a girl in Africa, everything changes. She will be three times likely to get HIV/AIDS, earn 25% more incomes and have a smaller ,healthier family.
There are a high percentage of girls dropping out of school because of poverty; this is because it is easy for girls to get jobs such as house girls in order to provide for their families. However, not every girl is lucky enough to get a job; unfortunately some ends up in the streets. In Kenya 50% more women than men are living in poverty in rural areas. 50%

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.844034
Retrieved Text: of public education is not like the deprivation of some other governmental benefit. Public education has a pivotal role in maintaining the fabric of our society and in sustaining our political and cultural heritage; the deprivation of education takes an inestimable toll on the social, economic, intellectual, and psychological wellbeing of the individual, and poses an obstacle to individual achievement. In determining the rationality of the Texas statute, its costs to the Nation and to the innocent children may properly be considered. Pp. 216-224.
(c) The undocumented status of these children vel non does not establish a sufficient rational basis for denying them benefits that the State affords other residents. It is true that, when faced with an equal [102 S.Ct. 2388] protection challenge respecting a State's differential treatment of aliens, the courts must be attentive to congressional policy concerning aliens. But in the area of special constitutional sensitivity presented by these cases, and in the absence of any contrary indication fairly discernible in the legislative record, no national policy is perceived that might justify the State in denying these children an elementary education. Pp. 224-226.
No. 80-1638, 628 F.2d 448, and No. 80-1934, affirmed.
BRENNAN, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which MARSHALL, BLACKMUN, POWELL, and STEVENS, JJ., joined. MARSHALL, J.,post, p. 230, BLACKMUN, J., post, p. 231, and POWELL, J., post, p. 236, filed concurring opinions. BURGER, C.J., filed a dissenting opinion, in which WHITE, REHNQUIST, and O'CONNOR, JJ., joined,post, p. 242.
Since the late 19th century, the United States has restricted immigration into this country.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.192225
Retrieved Text: EdBuild | What About My District?
Recently, EdBuild launched an interactive map that highlights student poverty in every school district across the United States. After receiving a number of inquiries about our methods, we created this guide to help answer common questions.
The student poverty numbers reported in the linked EdBuild map reflect the number of school-aged children falling below the federal poverty line, as reported in the US Census Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates data set. Therefore, the numbers in this map are not the often-referenced United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Free and Reduced Price Lunch (FRL) eligibility numbers, which include students from households with income up to 185% of that poverty level. If the student poverty numbers for your school district differ from what you’ve heard in the past, it’s most likely because of this difference.
So How Different, Exactly, Are They?
In short, very. The household income for a family of four living at the federal poverty line is $24,250. However, the same-sized family is eligible for reduced price lunch up to an income of $44,863. This creates a large discrepancy between the number of children considered to be living in “poverty” by the federal definition and the number participating in the school lunch program. In other words, in cities and towns across the country, there are a lot more students eligible for FRL than there are below the federal poverty line. While the student population of Los Angeles Unified School District includes 31.4% of children in poverty, FRL rates for the same district average

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.17476
Retrieved Text: In the continuous struggle against gender based oppression, the media likes to present a black and white version of a story. It is far simpler, not to mention more comforting, when we can label good and evil and pit set heroes against set villains. Yet reality is far more complicated than the two warring camps of the enlightened West and a horde of backward foreign cultures. Salim Hussaini, an Afghani man, highlighted this in an uncomfortable and important essay he wrote for Women Under Siege.
I began to beat my sisters and harass girls in the street. I restricted my sisters’ movements, how they looked, and who they spoke to. Afghan customs taught me that the honor of my family was more important than the physical and psychological well-being of my own siblings.
Yet, when his younger sister Soraya entered into an abusive marriage, something in Hussaini snapped. The treatment his sister was forced to endure, and her own submission to it, forced Hussaini to realise that gender discrimination was an inextricable but inexcusable part of Afghani culture. Working to free his sister from her marriage, Salim encountered obstacle after obstacle: not only logistically, in terms of finding money and safety but also cultural, in the form of pressure from family and community. Yet Hussaini persisted, and is now a member of the small, but growing group of male voices working against gender discrimination in Afghanistan.
What his article shows is that the Hussainis of the world are, like us, products of their societies. Hussaini’s Afghanistan is a place

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.13122
Retrieved Text: In Oakland, turnover has been a crippling factor for many years. For reasons I described here several years ago, the District has used teachers recruited by organizations like Teach For America to fill vacant classrooms. For my last four years in Oakland (2007-2011) I led a project called TeamScience which had the goal of supporting and retaining new science teachers for the District. Here are some of the lessons we learned, both about how to approach mentoring and support, and how to address retention in more systemic ways.
John Thompson: Is Rising Poverty Sinking Hopes for College?
If we want to restore education as a stepping stone, not an obstacle, to social equity, we need to remember that schooling is based on caring relationships between generations, as well as emotional connections between students and their subject matter. In schools serving neighborhoods of generational poverty, where there is a lack of social trust, we must nurture the bonds that unite people and ideas. And, whether we are discussing better welfare or educational systems, better online programs and tougher sanctions are no substitute for the people process of teaching, learning, and building stronger families and communities.
In Albuquerque, A Charter School that Recruits Drop-Outs?
The bottom line is that our schools are being forced to compete for ever more scarce resources, and with heavy pressure to do the wrong thing, which is focus on test preparation. Project-based learning with authentic products is a recipe for relevancy, and this school shows how well it works with students who have struggled in a more

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.844086
Retrieved Text: One of the major contributors to poverty in third world nations is limited access to education opportunities. The Asian Development Bank has the best concise synopsis of the link between Education and Poverty For a good article about education and poverty which has agood bibliography, go toPoverty and Education, Overview As technology becomes more prevalent in society and increasingly is used in schools, there is talk of a “digital divide” between the haves and have-nots. Laurence Wolff and Soledad MacKinnon define the “digital divide” in their article, What is the Digital Divide?
The “digital divide,” inequalities in access to and utilization of information and communication technologies (ICT), is immense.
A report from the Alliance for Excellent Education identifies four key challenges that public school district leaders must address in the next two years in order to successfully bring digital learning and education technology into K-12 classrooms.
The driving force behind the nationwide effort to adopt a comprehensive digital learning strategy is the move by all states to raise academic expectations by requiring students to graduate from high school college- and career-ready. Additionally, the Common Core State Standards adopted by 46 states and the District of Columbia necessitates using technology to prepare students for computer-administered assessments in the 2014-15 school year.
“If you’re a school or district leader who is considering using education technology and digital learning in your schools, STOP — and go no further — until you have a comprehensive plan that addresses your district’s specific challenges and learning goals for all students,” Bob Wise, president of the Alliance

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.662354
Retrieved Text: Meet Kate Foundation is an NGO in Agona Swedru, our main goal is promoting good education in a safe environment for kids from mid income and low income families whiles also providing scholarships for kids with good potentials but from a least fortunate family. The minor goal is to invest in projects that will sustain the organization in the future.
Meet Kate Academy is located in Ekwamkrom between Agona Swedru, the District capital of Agona West. One of the main problems affecting the district is poverty and a high dependency ratio.
The school was launched in may 2010 with the idea of fighting against poverty by providing employment, good education for orphans and children from poor families. The school was funded by Meet Kate Holland from 2007 to 2017. The main goal of Meet Kate Holland was to raise funds to support Meet Kate Foundation for 10 years. It was assumed that by end of this period the organization should be self sustained. Over the past years, this project has created countless job opportunities, scholarships for both primary and secondary school students.
As at now the academy consist of Nursery 1 &2, Creche , Kindergarten 1&2, Primary 1 to 6 and a Junior High School. With 15 teaching staff, and 14 non teaching staff. And student population of 270.
Although we are self sustain now, we still rely on individual donations for ongoing projects and maintenance. For instance the school is currently working on a modern library which will be open to the community as well and also running a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.429455
Retrieved Text: n. a conceptual whole made up of complicated and related parts; "the complex of shopping malls, houses, and roads created a new town"
adj. marked by complexity and richness of detail; "an elaborate lace pattern"
n. a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed of many parts; "the structure consisted of a series of arches"; "she wore her hair in an amazing construction of whirls and ribbons"
n. the quality of being a hindrance; "he pointed out all the drawbacks to my plan"
n. a factor causing trouble in achieving a positive result or tending to produce a negative result; "serious difficulties were encountered in obtaining a pure reagent"
n. something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted; "lack of imagination is an obstacle to one's advancement"; "the poverty of a district is an obstacle to good education"; "the filibuster was a major obstruction to the success of their plan"
n. an irrational motive for performing trivial or repetitive actions, even against your will; "her compulsion to wash her hands repeatedly"
n. any disease or disorder that occurs during the course of (or because of) another disease; "bed sores are a common complication in cases of paralysis"
n. (physical chemistry) a sample of matter in which substances in different phases are in equilibrium; "in a static system oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface"; "a system generating hydrogen peroxide"
adj. lacking clarity of meaning; causing confusion or perplexity; "sent confusing signals to Iraq"; "perplexing to someone who knew nothing about it"; "a puzzling statement"
adj. generally incompetent and ineffectual; "feckless

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.090244
Retrieved Text: Lhakpa Sherpa lives in the small mountain village of Surke in the Solukhumbu district. His walk to school takes him over an hour, and he has to watch his step across the steep and uneven mountain paths.
Lhakpa’s school was seriously damaged by the earthquakes last year, but thanks to our supporters, the rebuild is already underway.
He knows he is lucky and is thankful for the opportunity to go to high school.
When he finishes high school, Lhakpa is hoping to study medicine and eventually come back to work as a doctor in the Solukhumbu region.
Too many young people in the region face a lifetime of poverty and disadvantage because they can’t get anything more than the most basic education. Cutting short an education crushes hopes and keeps entire communities trapped in poverty.
For young people like Lhakpa in Solukhumbu, opportunities after leaving school are limited. Many young people feel lured to the lucrative but highly risky work of mountain guiding. But the tourism industry can be unreliable and work as a guide is no longer guaranteed.
A good education is the window to new opportunities. With your support we can build and equip schools, fund hostels for students who live too far from school to make the journey every day, and provide training for teachers.
(*Names have been changed in this article).

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.013521
Retrieved Text: When report cards came out recently, it was not without controversy.
Districts did worse than last year because the tests and the expectations changed. It was harder to get a passing grade.
Fleeter has examined the relationship between how well students do and their economic status.
Looking at a recent analysis of report card data: the schools with the lowest scores have the highest rates of poverty. Districts with more than 80 percent of the students living in poverty have the lowest scores. The highest performing schools have less than 10 percent of their student body living in poverty.
This trend holds no matter where you live in the state: in both rural and urban districts.
“Regardless of where they live just looking at these kids and how they do an individual task when you look at that data you see the same schism,” says Fleeter.
Educators are aware of the problems poor students face: challenges like getting to school regularly, getting enough to eat, making it to the doctor’s office.
Superintendent Dan Good says the Columbus City School District has partnered with several organizations to make sure his kids get the services they need.
“We provide a free breakfast and lunch for every student, whether they would qualify or not but keeping in mind 89 percent of our students would qualify,” Good explains.
Many of the districts with the poorest students are adding ‘wraparound services’—programs to connect kids with their needs for food, mental health services, and transportation.
But these things don’t show up on the school report cards, much to the dismay of Erin

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.95959
Retrieved Text: On a night when education leaders offered a spirited defense of the policies they are trying to implement, an unusual voice emerged as the dissenter: Paul Vallas.
The peripatetic schools chief’s self-proclaimed “Nixon goes to China” moment came during the high-profile panel at the launch of the CUNY Institute for Education Policy, a think tank that former New York State Education Commissioner David Steiner is directing.
Steiner said one of his goals for the institute was to encourage guests at his events to speak candidly, and panelists warmed to the invitation from the start of their 75-minute conversation Thursday evening. The other panelists at the Roosevelt House on the Upper East Side were College Board President David Coleman, the architect of the Common Core standards; Steiner’s successor in Albany, John King; and Sharon Robinson, president and CEO of the American Association of Colleges for Teacher Education.
Coleman acknowledged the growing scrutiny over New York State’s rollout of the Common Core standards, which students were tested on this year despite teachers saying they felt unprepared to teach to the new standards. New York is one of 45 states (along with Washington, D.C., four territories, and Department of Defense schools) that have adopted the standards, but its implementation is further along than most.
The timeline has drawn fierce criticism for months and seemed to peak two weeks ago when AFT President Randi Weingarten called for a moratorium on consequences for Common Core-aligned tests in a much publicized speech.
After the event, Coleman said his comments were meant as a defense of King, not

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.957212
Retrieved Text: 1. What do you think is important to parents in the district?
I think the most important thing that parents want in this school district is for their children’s education, and support service, needs to be met. I say this in a broad context because every child / student’s needs are unique and different.
Parents of special needs children, for example, would have different expectations of the School District than other parents. Aboriginal parents, given their past experiences with residential schools, may have a not so positive view of education, and because of that; their expectations for their children in the public school system may be different than other parents.
The one thing that a child most needs to succeed in our public education system is their parent’s support and involvement in his/her education. The chances of all children graduating and going on to become productive and engaged members of our society greatly increase with their parent(s) support and involvement. As members of PACs and DPAC you as parents already know this and are fully engaged in your children’s learning. Good for you all, and as an elected trustee, I will work with you to find and implement ways for more parents to become engaged and supportive of their child(ren)’s education.
2. Why are you running for trustee?
I am running for School Trustee because I believe education is the key to our children’s future. I grew up knowing what poverty was like, drinking my share of skimmed powdered milk, eating mush and fried bologna for meat. Our province has the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.934328
Retrieved Text: Ms. Kullberg is a graduate of Assumption College, where she earned her Bachelor’s Degree in Elementary Education and History. She is currently attaining her Masters of Education in Literacy and Language at Framingham State University. Before joining the SBCA community, Ms. Kullberg worked as an instructional aide for three years in the Northborough and Southborough school district. In her free time, Ms. Kullberg enjoys drinking coffee, reading young adult novels, and competing in Spartan obstacle races.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.831932
Retrieved Text: Every American has a right to an excellent public education. The political establishment has abandoned our public schools, cutting precious funding and allowing big banks to take advantage of a growing student loan debt crisis. Attending a good public school should not be determined by where we grow up and how much money we have.
We must support strong neighborhood public schools that are governed by the local community. My two kids attend School District of Lancaster elementary and middle schools. SDOL is the poorest district in Lancaster County, where 85% of students qualify for free and reduced lunch.
There must be equitable and adequate state funding for public education, including expanding the amount of Title I funding available for districts with high concentrations of poverty. School districts should have access to adequate funding regardless of their local property tax base.
We need to provide debt-free public college to all Americans. I am committed to engaging in a robust debate about the best way to establish higher education as a universal public good. I will explore policies that include imposing a financial transactions tax on Wall Street to eliminate tuition at community and public colleges and/or providing federal matching funds that ensure the costs of college never exceed what students can earn working 10 hours per week at the state minimum wage.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.80877
Retrieved Text: Dear Community Member: I am running for the Salinas Union High School District School Board. I am a Salinas native who attended and graduated from our local schools including the Salinas Union High School District. I have lived in this district for most of my life and care deeply about the future of our great city. I understand a key part of the solution to preventing violence, creating good paying jobs, and ending poverty is to have a thriving education system and more opportunities for our youth. I have served our community in several capacities such as a Youth Commissioner for the City of Salinas, a Mental Health Commissioner for the County of Monterey, and as a member of the Board of Directors for both the Community Alliance for Safety and Peace (CASP) and the Salinas Union High School District’s Education Foundation.
I have decided to dedicate my life in service to others as an advocate for the educational needs and success of our students and families. That is why I work as a Community Resource Manager for a local foster care agency which provides supportive housing and intense case management for foster children who have been separated from their families. It is through this experience that I have been able to see how our local education system is failing far too many of our students. Our local school district needs to focus more on violence prevention, career training programs, college readiness programs for first generation college students, mental health services, and increasing parental involvement in all

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.762297
Retrieved Text: WEST CHESTER (June 19) – State Senator Andy Dinniman praised the work completed by the Basic Education Funding Commission (BEFC) in paving the way for an education system that takes into account students’ emotional health and well-being.
“Students in our most financially-distressed areas experience violence, drug abuse, unstable home lives and food insecurity on a daily basis. There is overwhelming evidence that these factors inhibit learning,” he added.
The 15-member bipartisan commission today unanimously adopted a new formula for distributing state funding for basic education to Pennsylvania’s 500 school districts. The formula contains five student weights to reflect the higher cost of educating particular types of children. These weights are poverty, poverty concentration, English language learners, charter school enrollment, and district sparsity/size.
Dinniman said that the inclusion of the poverty concentration factor in the formula directly reflects the work he and others in Chester County have done to raise awareness of the impact of trauma on education. Studies show that students in less affluent areas are greatly impacted by trauma.
Dinniman added that he brought the issue and the latest research on socio-economic factors and the impact of trauma on education to the BEFC’s attention and appreciated his colleagues’ work in including it in the new funding formula and recommendations.
“This commission has recommended that the department develop protocols to respond to children in trauma and that is a major step forward,” she said.
Dinniman also pointed out that trauma is currently the main issue in a landmark class action case in California where students are suing the Compton Unified School District

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.710064
Retrieved Text: “It’s definitely an undercount,” Levin said in an interview last month. By his estimate, as many as 10 or 20 times more undisclosed breaches could have occurred last year in the education sector, because many districts elect not to disclose such incidents to the public.
“I think it’s going to get worse before it gets better,” he said. I’m seeing what I would characterize as pretty significant events that are actually happening in schools today.” These events not only disrupt teaching and learning, Levin added, but can also cost districts up to six-figures to redress.
Of the 122 cybersecurity incidents Levin identified last year, all but seven affected traditional school districts and charter schools. The exceptions include Florida Virtual School and the state education agencies in North Dakota and Pennsylvania. Of the school districts affected, two—Chicago Public Schools and Mt. Diablo Unified School District in California—experienced more than one cyberattack in 2018.
In his analysis, Levin sought to understand whether certain characteristics made a district more likely to be targeted. “It seems to be non-discriminating,” he concluded. Suburban, rural and urban districts, as well as small, mid-sized and large districts, were similarly vulnerable.
The exception, he found, are districts with a higher population of students living in poverty. These were less likely to be affected by cyberattacks. In 2018, 70 percent of these events occurred in low-poverty districts, defined as districts that have fewer than 20 percent of students living in poverty. Just 5 percent of incidents occurred in districts that have more than 30 percent of students in poverty.
“One

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.70028
Retrieved Text: Bushenyi District was curved out of Ankole district in 1974 and in 1993 Ntungamo district was created and took away Bushenyi and Kajara counties and with effect from July 2010 counties of Sheema, Bunyaruguru, Buhweju and Ruhinda were also elevated to District status. The District has a land area of 841 square kilometers and is 910-2500 metres above sea level. The main physical features of the district include Natural forests of Kalinzu, Imaramagambo covering an estimated area of 84 km2.
The water bodies are lakes Katunga in Kakanju Sub County. The major Economic activities include; semi intensive agriculture, fishing, trade and commerce, transport, stone quarrying, sand mining, mineral mining, construction industry, tourism and lumbering. Bushenyi District mainly comprises of Banyankole, Bakiga, Baganda and Bakonzo.
1 Location and size of Bushenyi District.
Bushenyi district is famous for being a model district and with proximity to Kalinzu forests, the Rwenzori ranges, including the Margherita and Stanley peaks, can be viewed for the district. There are a number of mineral resources in Bushenyi that include gold in Kyamuhunga. These can further be explored to benefit the people of Bushenyi.
The eastern and central part of the district is a low-lying plateau with undulating hills. The rest of the district is hilly with sharp valleys and craters mainly in Kyabugimbi and Ruhumuro sub counties.
The district is endowed with loamy fertile soils with varying proportions of sand and clay. It has tropical rain forest vegetation of Kalinzu, Imaramagambo, and savannah woodlands, semi arid vegetation in the north and wetland vegetation.
Poverty has many different dimensions, ranging

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.689665
Retrieved Text: FutureSpark works to support the empowerment of adolescent girls in impoverished communities through digital and social innovation, and improved access to education. We leverage digital tools and open-source platforms to disrupt the cycles of poverty and exploitation. Through community collaboration, we support girls in overcoming barriers to a brighter future, and help them become agents of change in their own communities.
Stay up to date on news, stories, and global community events!
Thank you for helping create positive change one girl at a time!
Because every girl has the power to spark change for the future.
Supporting education and innovation for brighter futures and more resilient communities.
The reality in today's world is that girls face immense challenges simply because they are girls. Poverty, exploitation, forced marriage and early/forced pregnancy all make girls particularly vulnerable during their adolescent years. In Mozambique, where more than 60% of people live on $2 a day or less, families must often choose whether to send a child to school or use that money for food and other necessities. A daughter is often forced to marry or drop out of school to enter the work force in order to earn income for the family, making her vulnerable to exploitation, early pregnancy, and more likely to remain in poverty as an adult. This ultimately becomes a cycle where poverty and exploitation are difficult to escape.
However, we believe this cycle can be disrupted, and transformed into a cycle of empowerment. Our flagship project, the FutureSpark Girls Education Fund, aims to address a specific obstacle to education: the cost

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.646198
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON (April 1, 2010) – A new report from The Education Trust documents how budgeting practices in school districts across the country are shortchanging low-income students and undermining the power of federal investments in high-poverty schools.
Close the Hidden Funding Gaps in Our Schools shines a light on these widespread and unjust accounting practices and offers Congress a straightforward legislative path: Fix the so-called comparability provisions of Title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA).
Title I requires federal funds to be added to an equal base of state and local funds in order to buy the extra supports that low-income kids need to achieve at high levels. But when districts dont provide schools receiving federal Title I funds with an equitable share of state and local resources, federal Title I money ends up filling local funding gaps at these schools, rather than buying the extras that it is intended to purchase and that low income kids need.
The authors of the report examined per-student expenditures in New York City and uncovered big differences between spending in some of the citys high-poverty and low-poverty schools.
Half of the city’s nearly 500 Title I schools received less state and local funding than non-Title I schools.
At P.S. 251 in Brooklyn, 86 percent of the schools 668 students are from low-income families. The school received $14,762 in state and local funds per pupil, which is almost $2,000 lower than the average in the districts lower poverty schools. This gap added up to about $1.3 million in lost revenue for P.S. 251.
But

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.632904
Retrieved Text: We are writing as an update to our Public Appearance at the December 12 Board meeting. You may recall that at that meeting, we expressed serious concerns about how the District analyzes and shares student data. For many years, it has seemed to us that the District reports data more with an eye towards making itself look good than to genuinely meeting children’s educational needs. As social scientists with more than two decades of involvement with the Madison schools, we have long been frustrated by those priorities.
Our frustration was stirred up again last week when we read the newly released MMSD 2017 Mid- Year Review, so much so that we felt called upon to examine a specific section of the report more closely. What follows is expressly not a critique of the MMSD elementary school in question, its staff, or its students. What follows is solely a critique of what goes on in the Doyle Building.
In last year’s Annual Report, Principal Peg Keeler and Instructional Resource Teacher Sharel Nelson revealed Van Hise Elementary School’s “special sauce,” which helped students achieve extraordinary growth in the Measures of Academic Progress (MAP) assessments. We reported that seventy percent of the school’s African American third through fifth grade students were proficient or advanced and half of third through fifth grade students receiving Special Education services were proficient.
We recently caught up with Principal Keeler and Ms. Nelson to get an update on their students’ progress.
Nelson discussed the sense of community among Van Hise students and how the Van Hise equity vision

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.614424
Retrieved Text: State Rep. Alice Peisch and Sen. Sonia Chang-Diaz chat on the House floor.
For decades, Massachusetts policymakers have tried to address the achievement gap between low and high-income districts by desegregating public schools, implementing the 1993 Education Reform Act. Today, legislators say the education funding formula within the 1993 act should be updated to finally close this gap.
Although the foundation budget in the 1993 Education Reform Act was intended to ensure every student in the state would receive a quality education by reimbursing local school districts, the bipartisan Foundation Budget Review Commission found the actual costs of employee health insurance and special education services have surpassed the assumptions built into the current budget formula.
Due to rising fixed costs and the actual resources needed to close opportunity and achievement gaps for low-income students and English language learners, the commission says the Commonwealth underestimates the cost of education by $1–$2 billion every year.
A new bill, An Act to Modernize the Foundation Budget for the 21st Century, (S.223) filed by Sen. Sonia Chang-Díaz, would implement recommendations made by the Foundation Budget Review Commission in 2015 to update the education formula. Last week, the bill was reported favorably by House and Senate members on the Joint Committee on Education.
The commission also found a gap between what the budget provides and what school districts actually pay for students with severe special needs who are placed in out-of-district programs.
Peisch told the Banner that the budget review commission estimated that it would cost the state between $480 million and $500 million for the increase

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.527128
Retrieved Text: And the study he references.
"The education reform debate is dominated by efforts to make high-poverty schools work better, but a new report released by The Century Foundation suggests that a more promising strategy involves providing low-income families a chance to live in more-advantaged neighborhoods, where their children can attend low-poverty public schools.
"By the end of elementary school, students in public housing who attend more-affluent green zone schools through the inclusionary housing program cut the achievement gap with non-poor students in the district by one-half in math, and by by one-third in reading.
"Despite the district’s extra investments in its most disadvantaged (red zone) schools, by the end of elementary school, children living in public housing who attended lower poverty (green zone) schools far outperformed their public housing peers in red zone schools. The size of the effect from attending a low-poverty (green zone) school for children living in public housing in math was 0.4 compared with attending a higher-poverty (red zone) school. This low-poverty effect is quite large relative to other educational interventions, where research has often identified an effect of approximately 0.1 on student test scores.
"The educational benefits of socioeconomic integration are significant, but they take time. Only after four years in the district did public housing children in low-poverty schools notably outperform public housing children in the district’s moderate-poverty schools."

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.402195
Retrieved Text: One of the qualities one might suppose is highly desirable to have as a researcher is that of imagination. Imagining solutions to problems or new, improved ways of being is a tool which a researcher might utilise in the work of making new contributions to knowledge. Imagination might be much coveted by employers from a wide range of industries; the lack of it in a person might be a cause for sympathy, or even concern. In the papers I have been drafting recently, I have been engaging with Vygotsky’s work on imagination and its contributions to child and adolescent cognitive and affective development.
Vygotsky was an experimental psychologist whose theory and methodology explained those developmental processes of the mind which arise through people’s activities. He argued that imagination was crucial for a young child’s development of thinking and that, for adolescents, laid the foundations for abstract thought. The former was fostered during the play of young children and, in the latter, their day-dreams. The importance of play in early childhood and of giving your teenager time to zone out, are key developmental milestones in supporting their evolution into adults who can free themselves from the concrete situations around them. Thus imagination is crucial for wild flights of fancy such as planning what to eat a week next Tuesday when all the food in the cupboard has gone; for planning a car journey to take in a petrol station when the needle on the petrol gauge is getting close to the red; and for remembering to feed the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.285892
Retrieved Text: With a new state administration on the horizon, The PuLSE Institute held a forum on Race, Illiteracy, and Poverty to flush out the issues surrounding the connection between these social ills, their effects on education, and what the incoming state administration must do to resolve the failures of Detroit public schools.
Titled Race, Illiteracy, and Poverty, the forum took place Wednesday, November 14 at Denby High School on Detroit’s east side, and occurred as Detroit school children find themselves in a battle against the State of Michigan to declare they have the right to access literacy as part of their public education.
On the panel were Detroit Public Schools Community District (DPSCD) Superintendent, Dr. Nikolai Vitti, Attorney Mark Rosenbaum, lead counsel of the Detroit school children suing the State of Michigan for the right to literacy, and the Institute’s President and Director of Research, Attorney Tina Patterson, who led The Douglass Project of the Institute in filing an amicus brief to the US Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in support of the right to literacy for Detroit schoolchildren.
With a crowd of hundreds watching, the event moderated by Bankole Thompson, editor-in-chief of The PuLSE Institute, produced substantive dialogue, honest perspectives on the state of education in Detroit, and concrete and equitable solutions to implement in the coming years.
Dr. Vitti presented his vision plan for third grade reading, linked education to poverty, noting that parental issues such as long commutes for work, evictions, and struggles to pay utility bills effect a child’s socio-emotional state to focus on learning. He also

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: The word "socialization" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Force socialization rarely creates strong friendships, but there are exceptions.
Sentence 2: There was too much socialization with the enlisted men.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.738943
Retrieved Text: Everyone knows that the secret to healthy living well includes exercise and eating well. However, not everyone knows that there is another factor which is equally as important as regular exercise and a healthy diet: socialization.
• Stay Mentally Sharp – Maintaining friendships creates an environment for good conversations and discussions, which help foster a healthy cognitive state and prevent decline.
• Have Less Stress – Having a friend to talk to has been shown to help relieve stress, allowing you to relax.
• Have a Better Immune System – It has been well-documented that those with active social lives are less likely to suffer from common viruses and can recover quicker from illnesses.
• Sleep Better – A University of Chicago study suggests that the lonelier a person is, the more restless their sleep will be.
• Live Longer – When considering all the other health benefits of maintaining friendships, it is not hard to believe that people with stronger social connections are 50% more likely to enjoy longer lives. This means that the risk of not having friends could be as damaging to one’s health as smoking.
Studies have also been careful to note that staying socially connected and maintaining friendships means more than keeping up with someone on the computer. The key is face-to-face interaction. While computers and social media sites like Facebook are great for staying in contact with friends who are far away, there is just no substitute for sitting across the table from a friendly face.
One of the main focuses of Primrose is socialization, and we

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.944452
Retrieved Text: Freewheeling Hanna (Pons) lives in the same colorful Parisian neighborhood where she grew up. Money may have been tight, yet her parents – Algerian (Bedia) and French (Jaoui) – gave her all she wanted, including a brother. Now thirty, Hanna admits she suffers from a neurosis – kindness. Especially when someone is troubled, her life-mantra seems to be, “How can I make it up to you”? This makes for some interesting acquaintances, such as Paul (Capelluto), and friendships, Ebène (Claudia Tagbo) and her group. Conversely, her brother (Djaadi) embraces Muslimism, living with his patient wife (Camélia Jordana) and children at his parents. The Belkacems’ accept both children’s lifestyles, rarely asking anything from them. But there are exceptions and this one is a doozy.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.42303
Retrieved Text: Long gone are the days where you had actually to go up to someone and ask them out. Hey, we aren’t knocking the lost nor ridiculing what has been gained.
It can be an emotionally damaging experience to be rejected over and over and over. Some people cannot deal with rejection. Even more, thanks to social media having such a significant influence in our lives it is just more convenient to be all to find a date online versus actually going out there and looking for a date.
Girls Just Want To Have Fun, But How Can They Find The Time?
We all know socialization is essential to our happiness. But, you might not realize that it also impacts our health. In fact, lack of socialization is considered more harmful than diabetes and hypertension. Not making time for friends also increases your risk of inflammation as much as a lack of physical exercise. So, you could say your life depends upon seeing your friends often enough.
Yet, while more of us are turning to exercise, we’re going the opposite way with friendships. We’re busy creatures, and making time for the relationships in our lives isn’t easy.
Figuring out the right balance in relationships is a seemingly daunting task. In fact, fear of not finding that balance is a big reason that people are afraid of taking the leap. There is no foolproof “trick” to striking the right balance to a happy and healthy relationship, but there are steps you can take to set you on the right path to a happy

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.7676
Retrieved Text: Parent and Child classes promote early development and provide a strong foundation for future growth.
This is a 45-minute class, designed to work with both the baby and the parent. This class promotes early social, emotional, and physical awareness. Parents learn with their baby how to strengthen muscles and initiate movement in their little ones. The gym offers a safe place for parents to create long lasting friendships with other families.
As your baby turns into a toddler, they are ready to explore the world ahead. This parent and child class allows you to continue development and coordination . The safe environment of the gym also encourages socialization among their peers.
Even through your toddler is becoming more independent they still need their parent. We continue to educate the parent in ways to encourage climbing, jumping, and safely exploring within the fun and secure gym environment. Along with physical skills, we introduce taking turns and sharing to grow their socialization.
This is the final class in the parent child sequence. We will continue to develop physical skills, including jumping, galloping, and balancing. We also focus on following directions, taking turns, and using their words to communicate with their peers.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.41952
Retrieved Text: Fairfield County quickly mobilized after the attack on Ft. Sumter, South Carolina on April 12, 1861 and the beginning of the Civil War. Parts of the county fairgrounds became Camp Anderson, in honor of Major Robert Anderson who commanded Fort Sumter during the attack. Enlisted men were trained there before being sent to war. Meanwhile the existing militia company- the Lancaster Guards plus new volunteers reported for duty at the Ohio Statehouse. They had the honor of being designated Company A of the 1st Ohio Volunteer Infantry. The 1st OVI became the Capital Guard in Washington D.C.
Another 185 local men enlisted at Camp Anderson as the 2nd and 3rd Lancaster Guards in 1861. These Fairfield County units made up much of the 17th Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Few units besides the 17th, if any, had more local men in the field during the war. They saw action in Chickamauga and Chattanooga, Tennessee and joined Lancaster's own General William Tecumseh Sherman in his March to the Sea in 1864. The 17th OVI was mustered out of the Army on August 15, 1864 with 27 men, one-fourth of the approximately 100 who enlisted.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.98504
Retrieved Text: The last 3 posts have covered recruiting in the Shire up to 21 September 1914. There was a large group of men who enlisted in Yarram on 16 September, and then left for Melbourne on 21 September, and there was a smaller number of men who enlisted outside the Shire, most commonly in Melbourne, by the same date (21/9/14). To conclude this section on the initial recruiting phase, this post looks at the 7 men who failed the AIF medical examination in Yarram at this time.
Reports from the local paper (18/9/14 & 23/9/14) which were covered in an earlier post made it clear that on 16 September when the men were medically examined, 5 were not passed as fit: 45 men presented themselves for examination by the local doctors at the shire hall last Wednesday, of whom 40 passed as physically fit. Fortunately, the names of the 5 men who failed appeared in the archives of the Shire of Alberton. It appears that the doctors on the day collected all the enlistment forms for the men they did not pass as medically fit and bundled them together. Further, they kept not just the forms for the first 5 men they failed but all such forms up to May 1915. This collection of forms indicates that 2 more men failed the medical on 21 September. Presumably they were late recruits who had hoped to leave for Melbourne with the large group. The names of the 7 men, and other information taken from their enlistment forms, are included

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.768847
Retrieved Text: browse FULL LISTING of family values books and videos from the menu on the left.
Two of the most important influences in your child's life are family and friends. As a parent it is your responsibility to instill strong family values and guidance in helping your children build healthy friendships. Family values may be based solely on ethics or also on religious values. In either case, it is important for child development as well as rational and moral decision making. Friends and friendships are vital to children's healthy development. Although friendship building skills are normally a natural process, some kids need guidance.
A strong family possesses good family values. A strong family is one that loves, sustains, supports, educates and nourishes the members throughout the span of that family. Teaching family values creates a foundation which allows your kids to make healthy choices throughout their lives. Some parents discuss values such as integrity, honesty, respect, caring, and forgiveness. Teaching family values requires that you become a role model to your children as well as an educator.
When children are very young, parents usually choose your child's friends for them by setting up play days. Kids usually believe a friend is another child he or she is playing with at the moment. As they become older they begin to become aware that other children might think differently than they do. Then a friend becomes someone who does things that please them. At about 6 years old, kids begin to understand the reciprocal nature of friendship. Every child is different, but

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.627165
Retrieved Text: In the world today, hope is a priceless commodity. You can give hope by making a gift to CKRH today to enable those with challenges to work on being the best they can be.
Your contribution directly supports our programming and operations. No matter the size of your gift, you will be impacting those we serve and allowing our programs to continually evolve and expand.
There are many ways to help strengthen CKRH’s sustainability for our future. The only question is deciding which is the best fit for you.
Many of our clients and their families are burdened with healthcare expenses. CKRH proudly subsidizes each participant’s fee to keep their cost down. But we need your help to continue meeting the growing demand for our services.
We provide more than 14,000 direct client service hours annually! A monthly donation plan is a great way to help us maintain this level of service. Best of all, your gift will be easily deducted from your bank account without any hassle on your part.
The Clark Family Foundation Maintenance Fund is a newly established endowment to fund annual routine repairs and improvements to our facility. You can help build this endowment or other endowment priorities by making a major gift.
Join our new Legacy Society for those who plan to ensure tomorrow’s generations have the same opportunities of experiencing our quality equine-assisted therapeutic programs. Planned Giving includes but is not limited to gifts of bequests, retirement plans and life insurance. Please contact us about choosing the best option for you.
Operating a farm and therapeutic center

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.415953
Retrieved Text: The 5th Maine Battery lost 2 officers and 16 enlisted men killed and mortally wounded and 15 enlisted men to disease during the Civil War. It is honored by a monument at Gettysburg.
March 10 Duty at Fort Preble, Portland, Me.
May 25 Moved to Front Royal, Va.
The battery was under the command of Lieutenant William F. Twitchell. Its five guns were thrown into the path of Longstreet’s attack, and although it was overrun, it delayed the attack long enough for a last ditch Union defensive line to form. The battery lost 1 officer and 3 enlisted men killed, 8 men wounded and 6 men missing. The 5th Maine Battery’s fight is featured on a wayside marker on the Manassas battlefield.
November 9 Reconnoissance from Bolivar Heights to Rippen, W. Va.
The battery lost 6 enlisted men killed, and 3 officers and 19 men wounded.
The battery was commanded by Captain Greenlief Thurlow Stevens. On July 1 the battery fought near the Seminary, falling back to Cemetery Hill with the collapse of the Union position. It was directed to Steven’s Knoll, a small hill between Cemetery Hill and Culp’s Hill. The position allowed the battery to pour deadly flanking fire at close range into the Confederate attack on the evening of July 2. Stevens was wounded on July 2nd, and Lieutenant Edward N. Whittier took command. In the three days of the battle the battery lost 2 enlisted men killed, 2 officers and 11 enlisted men wounded, and 6 enlisted men missing.
Stevens’ Battery 5th Maine, 1st Corps. Fought here July 1,2,3,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.307995
Retrieved Text: How to help kids foster meaningful friendships: don't just be good, DO good.
How to help kids foster meaningful friendships: don’t just be good, DO good.
There’s a magnet on our fridge that reads “Be not simply good; be good for something -Henry David Thoreau” and sits nestled above my daughter’s routine charts. It’s a gentle reminder for all of us to both be good, do good, and go the extra mile to make a difference.
Jenn started Kindergarten this year and for weeks we talked about the logistics of going to class, eating lunch, and enjoying a break at recess. We talked about making friends and how she was expected to treat others.
Even if they were mean.
And honestly, though I knew she listened, I just hoped it would be something I could remind her about on that day in the future when she would come home crying because she got in trouble. That day is probably still coming, but I was pleasantly surprised to hear her chatter on about how she made a new friend one day.
My jaw hit the floor. My four, almost 5-year-old, was displaying empathy and building friendships even with those that others weren’t.
And so we elaborated on this situation. Because I know she may not make that choice every time. And I know friendships are complicated and are chared with emotions.
Developing and maintaining friendships is an acquired skill and not just something we’re born knowing how to do… though some are naturally better at it than others.
So it’s not enough to assume that sending

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.136604
Retrieved Text: Two privates of the 17th Missouri Infantry. Note the Colt Revolving Rifles. Among it's engagements were the Battles of Vicksburg, Lookout Mountain, Missionary Ridge, New Hope Church, Dallas, Allatoona, Atlanta, Jonesborough, and Sherman's March to the Sea. The regiment lost a total of 219 men during service; 6 officers and 62 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 3 officers and 148 enlisted men died of disease.
A private of the 77th Ohio.
Mustered into state service in May 1861 as Company B, Chicago Light Artillery, the four 6-pdr smoothbore battery was first sent to Cairo then to Bird Point, Missouri, on the Mississippi River. It was mustered into three-year Federal service in July. The battery went on to see action at Belmont, Shiloh, Arkansas Post, Jackson, Champion Hill, the Siege of Vicksburg, and Missionary Ridge.
By the Atlanta Campaign the battery was made up of six 12-pdr Napoleon guns. Engaged at Resaca and Kennesaw Mountain, Battery B was mustered out in Chicago in July 1864. Veterans and recruits were transferred to Battery A, 1st Illinois Light Artillery. During its time of service, the battery lost 9 enlisted men killed in action or mortally wounded, and 1 officer and 17 enlisted men who died of disease for a total of 27 fatalities.
Four members of the 123rd Illinois Infantry. It was mustered into service on September 6, 1862 and was initially assigned to the Army of the Ohio from September 1862 to November 1862, and then to the Army of the Cumberland from November 1862 to June 1865. The regiment was

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.995634
Retrieved Text: Happy Memorial Day to everyone! I want to thank all of America’s military for the service you give to us so we can live with the freedoms that we do. I know that there are not only sacrifices made by our military men and women, but also their families, so you deserve as much appreciation and thank you as everyone else. I also want to extend a heartfelt thank you to the families who have lost loved one’s who served in the military, as they truly gave the ultimate sacrifice for me and every one else.
And not just enlisted, but officers too.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.951532
Retrieved Text: One of the factors of dog's strength is the bite force. So do we know what dog breeds have the strongest bite force? Yes, and it can be measured scientifically. The bite force of any animal is measured in Pounds per Square Inch (psi). This unit of pressure tells how much force is exerted on one square inch of space. The psi that the jaws of animals will exert is usually averaged.
The pressure can be different depending on the substance being bitten, the mood of the dog, and even the dog itself. To give you a comparison, humans have an average bite force of 120-140 psi, and the Nile Crocodile has a bite force of 5,000 psi. The bite force of average dogs ranges somewhere around 230-250 psi, but some have more strength.
Let's focus on the dogs for now. Even though nowhere as strong as Nile Crocodile's bite, the force of strong dog's bite won't only rip through flesh, but it could also break bones. Below we'll list dogs that have the best chance of doing exactly that. If you're considering owning one of these strong dog breeds, it is very important that you work with a professional dog trainer to ensure your pooch doesn't show any signs of aggression.
Most breeds on this list are dogs that are considered to be aggressive. Those are the animals that usually get their bite force measured. What is important to remember, is that any dog can become aggressive if neglected and abused. Most dogs are not loners.
There's a lot

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.920126
Retrieved Text: Life on the frontier presented difficulties for everyone, including those living in the army forts. Danger, harsh weather, and loneliness were examples of the challenges faced by soldiers and others on the frontier.
The army was organized in a step-ladder type of structure according to rank. The higher a man’s rank, the more pay and privileges he had. Women were not allowed to serve in the frontier army.
The army leaders were called “officers.” They were educated and often came from wealthy families. The men who were not qualified to be officers were called “enlisted men.” When men enlisted to serve in the army, they had to sign up for at least five years.
Officers lived in houses or apartments with their families. Large forts, such as Fort Abraham Lincoln, had fancy housing for the officers and their wives. Very few enlisted men were married.
Officers made a great deal more money than enlisted men. For example, a colonel was paid $95 a month, while a private earned only $13 a month. Enlisted men were often immigrants from Germany or Ireland. Enlisted men who had little education could often attend school at the army post.
Very little time was spent fighting battles. Most of the time, the soldiers were working hard at different kinds of jobs. They constructed forts, built roads and bridges, chopped wood, cleaned buildings, dug ditches, cleaned the stables, and acted as police officers to keep order. Because army life on the frontier was so hard, many soldiers quit and went home.
During their free time, the men came

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.834703
Retrieved Text: Local Dog Parks for Off-Leash Play!
Some of Boise's parks will be used as a pilot program for dogs off-leash beginning April 11, 2011.
For further information and maps of dog off-leash areas please visit http://www.cityofboise.org/Departments/Parks/ParksAndFacilities/DogPilotProgram/page62362.aspx.
Nampa boasts one of the largest enclosed dog parks in the state-- Six and a half acres of non-stop fun!
The Nampa dog park is located on the intersection of 2nd Street South and East Amity near the Kings Road Overpass.
This park is also used occasionally for canine police training so please check available times.
Socialization is something that is taught in every puppy class, every dog book and by every vet.
Socialization begins early but should not be just for puppies. A puppy needs structured socialization beginning from 8 weeks. As dogs grow older however, we begin to forget how important that interaction with other dogs is.
We set up play dates for our children and encourage their little friendships, why not do the same for our dogs!
The majority of aggression that is seen in dogs can be traced back to a lack of proper socialization both as a puppy and as an older dog. So often fear of the unknown (other dogs) begets aggression. This can be curbed and often prevented just by socialization alone.
Dogs that are getting the proper exercise are also happier dogs! Less likely to dig, chew and bark!
These dog parks are all for your convenience, please take advantage of them and be a responsible pet owner! Do not bring a dog in heat or an intact male to the dog park.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.768375
Retrieved Text: Storeroom is too small and totally inadequate for maximum operation. Personnel: 2 enlisted men and 1 civilian. Radar & Radio - Class 16 material. Storeroom 2, 134 sq. ft. Personnel: 1 enlisted man. Stores sufficient to meet demands. Receiving Section - Contains 11,751 sq. ft. Totally inadequate for the volume of material handled. Personnel: 6 enlisted men and 1 civilian.
Leased or Construction - Leased.
Location - South Street, Fremantle.
Use - Storage and issue of classes, 6, 10, 11, 12, 22, 23, 26, 27, 39, 44, 46, 47, 48, 50, 58, 59, 60, 75, 76.
Area Sq. Ft. - Total 25,000 sq. ft.
Personnel: 14 enlisted men and 18 civilians.
REMARKS: This warehouse is very well stocked with the above classes of supplies needed by activities in this area. Its operations, however, are limited due to the shortage of storage space. With present stocks, the warehouse should be double its present size in order to operate to capacity. Lack of personnel is also a hampering influence.
Use - Ordnance Spares and Landing Force gear.
Area Sq. Ft. - Total 23,000 sq. ft.
Personnel - 5 enlisted men.
REMARKS: This warehouse contains all Ordnance supply material and landing force gear. In addition a total of 5,104 sq. ft. is allocated to the Ordnance Department for space used as a repair shop, which is a separate function and not under the jurisdiction of Naval Supply Depot.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.74875
Retrieved Text: Near the end of October, Donna and I met to discuss a Christmas tea. We decided on Dec 1st for the date. We wanted to bless the women and set about making goodies ourselves. Everything was coming together swimmingly, tables were ready, food was prepared, devo was ready, and then.....Nov 30th happened. 7.0 quake. Donna's charming home was filled with glass. Many others were cleaning up as well.
We flexed. We decided the best thing to do would be to wait until after Christmas. We'd celebrate in January.
January 19th is a great day for a Christmas Tea. As I prayed about it, I felt we needed to be able to gather and simply be...together. The Big S - Socialization. I scrapped any semblance of a program. I enlisted Lindsey to help me with my list of food. Donna enlisted Jacque and Jennifer to help her.....it all came back together.
I never take Life Group photos - so I think I'll point out "lifers" who are in the photos.
Deceptively fancy - Donna is tricky! The plates and silver and disposable.
My Mom's English teapot - pressed into service again. It made me smile.
Such a well-behaved little gal.
It was a lovely afternoon. It was wonderful to see women connecting and relaxing together. It takes more than a 7. quake to keep the ladies of Matanuska AG from gathering.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.736502
Retrieved Text: #For portion of report here omitted, see Vol. XL, Part I, p. 341.
in woods and at night [noon] advanced upon the New Market road about four miles, when the enemy was again found and engaged with, our force gradually falling back. 17th [16th], again advanced and fought the enemy, our loss being 16 enlisted men wounded, 3 enlisted men killed, and 11 missing. 18th, camped near New Market road and built breastworks. 19th [20th], returned to south side of the river, and marched to Petersburg. 20th [21st], arrived before Petersburg at old camp.
Recapitulation: Killed, 1 commissioned officer and 6 enlisted men; wounded, 3 commissioned officers and 36 enlisted men; missing, 17 enlisted men; total, 63.
Captain, Second New York Artillery, Commanding Regiment.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.661451
Retrieved Text: The USS North Dakota was launched on November 10, 1908. About 150 of the most important political and business figures from the state of North Dakota traveled to Quincy, Massachusetts to honor the ship at the ceremony. She had been named for this state following a long-standing tradition of naming ships for each state in the Union.
This new dreadnought (DRED-NAWT), the first all-big-gun ship in the US Navy, was the biggest, heaviest, and fastest battleship yet built by any navy in the world. Though it was modeled after a British battleship, the design came from an American Navy officer, Commander Homer C. Poundstone. The North Dakota had ten 12 inch guns which could be turned to face the enemy in any direction. The sailors were also trained to repel torpedo attacks and possible attacks from airplanes which were used as military weapons by 1915.
The USS North Dakota was completed and commissioned on April 11, 1910. Over the next thirteen years, she sailed along the east coast of the United States, the Caribbean Sea, the coast of Mexico, northern Europe, and to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. She patrolled the east coast from Virginia to Long Island during World War I, and trained midshipmen from the US Naval Academy. She toured ports on the Mediterranean Sea in 1919. Her crew took honors in target practice on the open sea, hitting targets as far as 10 miles away at a rate exceeding thirty per cent. The ship, however, was also troubled by engine breakdowns including a major explosion and fire

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.636887
Retrieved Text: ​Unable to attract enough voluntary recruits, many rebel groups rely on force to fill their ranks. Given that the group used force to compel individuals to join, a coerced conscript would be presumed unlikely to be loyal and would be expected to desert at the first opportunity. Yet, groups that have relied on coerced recruitment retain their members just as well as, if not better than, rebel armies that rely on voluntary methods of recruitment. This is a puzzle. How do rebel groups maintain allegiance and prevent desertion, especially if they rely on abduction to staff their ranks? A recruit can be forced to join a rebel group, but continuing to rely on coercion to enforce retention is too costly and not sustainable. These groups must find a way to reduce the costs of retention. The solution to this puzzle rests in the mechanisms of socialization that shape the allegiance of forcibly recruited soldiers. Socialization mechanisms are traced through three outcomes: compliance (or Type 0 socialization), role learning (Type I socialization), and norm internalization (Type II socialization). Integrating socialization theory and a rational choice analysis demonstrates that mechanisms that alter preferences through Type II socialization are effective in retaining recruits; the highest level of retention occurs when several mechanisms work in concert. Illustrative case studies of the Lord’s Resistance Army from Uganda, the Revolutionary United Front in Sierra Leone, the Maoists in Nepal, and the Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy (LURD) show that a reliance on child soldiers, group assets (pecuniary and non-pecuniary), organizational structure,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.44543
Retrieved Text: Finding (or knowing) your path is the act of staying steady and moving straight ahead without the pressures and worries of external forces. It’s minding your own business.
Before we can find our path, we must first be at ease with ourselves. We must take care of our psychological health. These next sections will help you get on track – align ourselves so we can move forward and do great things in this life.
Alcohol is the most widely abused drug in the United States. It’s a downer which means it reduces your mental and physical activity. Constant abuse of alcohol creates a malaise; it becomes a scapegoat to avoid work and allow relationships to crumble.
It’s difficult to kick the habit of drinking and deal with addictions but it’s possible with the right resources and support. Rehab Arizona specialists recommend that addicts seek help from professionals and enroll in a detox program that is best suited to help treat your addiction.
Once addictions have been overcome you will find renewed energy to pursue goals, rebuild relationships, and work on your physical health.
Anxiety is a death grip on productivity. Our minds can’t but help become locked in the endless loop of worry. The body feels on the verge of a heart attack while the brain imagines the worse. It’s debilitating and disrupts our day (and plans).
You need to find an outlet.
Medications are effective at curbing the strong effects of anxiety but the underlying problems aren’t addressed through these prescriptions.
Within due time you will identify the triggers and have a routine

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.334675
Retrieved Text: This provocative documentary uncovers a lost chapter in Canadian military history: how the Armed Forces dealt with homosexual behaviour among soldiers, during and after World War II. More than 60 years later, a group of five veterans, barely adults when they enlisted, break the silence to talk about how homosexual behaviour "was even more unmentionable than cancer." Yet amidst the brutality of war, instances of sexual awakening among soldiers and officers were occuring. Initially, the Army overlooked it, but as the war advanced, they began to crack down: military tribunals, threats of imprisonment, discharge and public exposure. After the war, officers accused of homosexuality were discharged. Back home in Canada, reputations and careers were ruined. For the young men who had served their country with valour, this final chapter was often too much to bear. Based on the book Courting Homosexuals in the Military by Paul Jackson.
It might be good to see, but then who can see the promo for it when it requires a system that is brought to you by the Yankee cunterations where profits rule and value is nothing!!!!
Great Film but oh so sad. We had conscription is England when I was 18. Of course some of the 18 years olds were Gay and we had a rough time they couldn`t see that we had skills and much to offer and that we culd be as brave as the next man. Thank God things are so much better and that there is more understanding. Let us hope that the church will follow in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.295675
Retrieved Text: Online video games with thousands of simultaneous players, such as “World of Warcraft,” have become hugely popular in the last two decades and are now a multibillion dollar industry with tremendous financial success. Joshua Smyth, associate professor of psychology in The College of Arts and Sciences at Syracuse University, recently conducted a randomized trial study of college students contrasting the effects of playing online socially interconnected video games with more traditional single-player or arcade-style games.
While both multiplayer and traditional single player video games present a double-edged sword, Smyth’s research found that online, socially integrated multiplayer games create greater negative consequences (decreased health, well-being, sleep, socialization and academic work) but also garner far greater positive results (greater enjoyment in playing, increased interest in continuing play and a rise in the acquisition of new friendships) than do single-player games. The study is published in the October 2007 issue of the bimonthly peer-reviewed journal CyberPyschology & Behavior (Vol. 10, No. 5: 717-721).
In his study, Smyth randomly assigned 100 college student volunteers to play one of four types of video games: traditional, arcade-style games (such as those found in the local mall); console games like the Sony PlayStation; single player computer games; and fantasy-themed persistent online multiplayer games.
Computer networking — linking players from across the world together in a single game — has dramatically changed the nature of video game play from a solitary activity into a large, thriving social experience. Multiplayer online role-play gaming, one type of social gaming, can involve thousands of players in persistent virtual worlds.
All students

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.236235
Retrieved Text: August Gretsch born March 22, 1847 in Speyer, Rheinland-Pfalz, Germany.
Son of Johanna Katherina Fick and William Gretsch.
August enlisted in the US Army in New York City on May 17th of 1864. The civil war was still raging. He was 17 years old at the time of enlistment. He was discharged October 1, 1865 in Nashville, Tennesee.
August Gretsch was in the 58th New York Infantry.
The regiment left the State November 7, 1861; served in the 3d Brigade, Blenker’s Division, Army of the Potomac, from November, 1861; in same brigade and division, Mountain Department, from April, 1862; in 2d Brigade, 3d Division, 1st Corps, Army of Virginia, from June 26, 1862; in same brigade and division, nth Corps, Army of the Potomac, from September 12, 1862; on veteran furlough from January, 1864; at Bridgeport, Ala., in 4th Division, 20th Corps, from March, 1864; in 3d Brigade, defenses of N. & C. R. R., Department of Cumberland, from June, 1864; at Nashville, Tenn., Department of Cumberland, from September, 1865; where it was honorably discharged and mustered out, under Colonel Krzyzanowski, October 1, 1865.During its service the regiment lost by death, killed in action, 2 officers, 22 enlisted men; of wounds received in action, 2 officers, 6 enlisted men; of disease and other causes, 3 officers, 60 enlisted men; total, 7 officers, 88 enlisted men; aggregate, 95; of whom 10 enlisted men died in the hands of the enemy.
Translation: from the official posting record, I would surmise that they probably fought at Antietam (September 17, 1862), as the Union 1st

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.177742
Retrieved Text: Sometimes when we respond in such tragic situations – as our team did in Lee County, Alabama shortly after a devastating tornado took 23 lives – you never know the full impact of your service.
With every disaster response, Hope Force staff and volunteers make treasured new friendships with those that we serve. Most often when our work finishes, we rarely see them again.
The small town of Smithville, Mississippi, was almost destroyed by a tornado with a damage path that was 37.2 miles long and half a mile wide on April 27.
With the devastation of Joplin, Missouri still tremendous, Hope Force Reservists, like Lenard and Serena Johnson are teaming up with the Salvation Army in order get food and clothes to those in need.
All Hope Force Reservists are on standby for Joplin, Missouri, to join the response to the devastating May 22 tornado.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.163946
Retrieved Text: This work presents a new theory of personality development for males, one that emphasizes gender differences in biological maturation and in socialization practices that pressure boys to become emotionally independent too soon. Stevens and Gardner believe that in extreme cases males grow up harboring a primitive, unconscious dread of being abandoned that prevents them from handling separation experiences successfully. As women become more assertive in relationships, there are more female-terminated relationships, especially divorces. As psychologists, Stevens and Gardner noticed that rejected husbands were often more at risk than their estranged wives because most men are victims of the traditional socialization techniques that deny them easy access to emotional expression and support groups. Drawing from a range of disciplines, including sociology, primatology, anthropology, and psychology, the authors draw portraits of common male personality types, many of which are ill-equipped for self-fulfilling independent adult life.
A penetrating look at the psychological pitfalls for adult men of severed relationships and the reasons why men have such difficulty overcoming the obstacles that preclude the formation of meaningful longterm social ties.
GWENDOLYN STEVENS is a Professor of Psychology and Director of Academic Resources at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, New London, Connecticut.
SHELDON GARDNER is a clinical psychologist in the Mystic, Connecticut area. Together, they have written four books on psychology: The Care and Cultivation of Parents, Women of Psychology (2 vols.), and Red Vienna and the Golden Age of Psychology (Praeger, 1992).

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.156012
Retrieved Text: War of the Rebellion: Serial 013 Page 0558 THE PENINSULAR CAMPAIGN, VA. Chapter XXIII.
He accordingly sent to me for re-enforcements. I ordered that portion of General Ewell's division held in reserve and Jacksons' division to his relief; but from the darkness of the night, and the obstructions caused by the swamp and undergrowth, through which they had to march, none reached him in time to afford him the desired support.
General Hill, after suffering a heavy loss and inflicting a severe one upon the enemy, withdrew from the open field. In the mean time the re-enforcements ordered-after struggling with the difficulties of their route, and exposed to the shelling of the enemy, which was continued until about 10 p.m.-came up too late to participate in the engagement that evening.
On my left General Whiting moved his division, as directed, to a field on the Poindexter farm. Batteries were ordered up. The position of the enemy, as already shown, naturally commanding, was materially strengthened by the judicious distribution of his artillery. The first battery placed in position, finding itself exposed to the superior cross-fire of the enemy, was compelled to retire with loss. Balthis', Poague's, and Carpenter's batteries held their positions and fought well. The position occupied by the artillery rendering infantry support necessary, Whiting formed his line accordingly and, supported by Trimble's brigade on his left and by the Third Brigade of Jackson's division as a reserve, was directed to remain there until further orders. Some of these batteries were well served, and effectually drove back at one

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.07893
Retrieved Text: Charles J. Gleasman was born in 1843 in the Town of Ava, Oneida County, New York and was a son of German immigrants Johan Valentine and Johannah Buttinger Gleasman. He spent his early years working on the family farm and learning the trade of carpenter.
When the Civil War began Charles’ two uncles, George and Gottfried Gleasman, of Ava quickly enlisted with the 97th New York Infantry. The fire of patriotism burned within Charles and he, too, sought to enlist. Eagerly he asked his father for permission to enlist and was refused as his father considered him too young to serve and he needed Charles to help work the family farm. It has been handed down in family lore that Charles pestered his father about enlisting. Either Valentine reluctantly agreed to let Charles enlist or Charles enlisted without his father’s permission. His enlistment papers give a clue that Charles enlisted without his father’s permission.
I take the liberty to write to you a few lines to inform you that I am yet in good health and feel very well. I will also let you know that I received your letter last night. I was very glad to hear from you. You wanted to know how I get along. I get along very well and most generally have enough to eat. Sometimes we are short for one day or so but not very often.
There is great disease in our regiment. Most of our regiment have the yellow fever or the jaundice. They are very sick but I have not

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.052824
Retrieved Text: Enlisted men's branch insignia were stamped in brass and worn on the front of the Jeff Davis (Hardee) hat. It was not uncommon to find them worn on the top of the kepi (forage cap), but this was not prescribed by the regulations. It is unusual for these insignia to be worn on the front of a kepi by enlisted men during the Civil War period. The insignia designs have a long tradition. The infantry horn was used as a badge of light infantry in Europe. These troop were used as skirmishers and were raised from persons with experience as huntsmen, hence the hunting horn. In 1875 this insignia was replaced with crossed rifles. Other insignia worn by enlisted men include a flaming bomb for ordnance and the letters U.S. in a wreath for hospital stewards. The signal corps, being a provisional service, did not have a Jeff Davis hat insignia for enlisted men prescribed during the war.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.051641
Retrieved Text: Quality child care plays an important role in children's development and provides a valuable support to working families.
In today's society, the majority of parents must work outside the home to financially support their family, making child care a necessity for many Americans. Fortunately, there are many additional beneficial outcomes when parents choose to use child care.
Socialization - Children need socialization to learn how to share, problem-solve and work in a team, and as an added-bonus, socializing with peers also means your child can learn the skills those peers have acquired, such as potty-training or advanced speech.
Friendships - As every adult knows, finding that one person that you really love playing with is an essential part of the human experience. By placing your children into a program where they will consistently see the same children, you're allowing them to form important bonds.
Structure and routine - Children thrive on structure and routine, and a child care program provides them with just that.
Easier transition to school - By getting your children used to being dropped off and picked-up, you're less likely to have a child with separation anxiety when it's time for preschool or kindergarten.
Early immune system building - Young children who attend child care are more likely to get sick, but they'll have better developed immune systems when they reach elementary school, which means fewer sniffles and sick days.
Easy access to play and education - Children in child care have their time filled with fun, enriching activities like story time, games, crafts and physical exercise.
Parent relationship-building - Dropping

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: The word "rank" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The strike was supported by the union rank and file.
Sentence 2: He rose from the ranks to become a colonel.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.929573
Retrieved Text: For socialists, the working class’ strategic location within capitalism makes it the social force capable of changing the world for the better. While the labour movement is more than just unionized workers, because of their networks, resources and social weight, trade unions are still a key weapon in the class struggle between exploiter and exploited.
Modern unions were formed in reaction to exploitation and abuse by employers, as workers joined together to use their collective strength to defend and improve their working conditions. The origins of many of the largest industrial unions came through militant strikes, occupations and battles with employers and the police.
In response to rising levels of struggle, labour relations were legalized and rules and regulations outlining accepted bargaining and strike practices were established. This legal framework functioned to channel shopfloor class struggle into a predictable routine of collective bargaining that has tended to dampen workplace militancy. Therein lies the contradiction at the heart of the relationship between socialists and the trade union movement.
The incorporation of trade union activity within a legal framework gave rise to the professionalization of labour relations. The trade union bureaucracy, the layer of full-time officials, serves the role of negotiating the terms of the compromises between labour and capital.
This bureaucracy occupies a unique social position, where their interests, perspectives and resources are different from the majority of members that they represent. These full-time trade union officials, often isolated from the shopfloor, tend to have a conservative view towards workers’ struggles. The rhythms of trade union work within the legal framework

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.70944
Retrieved Text: AUTO WORKERS WERE supposedly whipped, tamed and back in their cages. But “No”! The beast has raised its head again.
Read a statement by the Solidarity Political Committee on the case for immediate withdrawal from Afghanistan, issued on the day the occupation entered its ninth year.
For more info about our work in the anti-war movement, email info@solidarity-us.org.
The concessions just voted down were to last until 2015, i.e. through the new contract still to be negotiated for 2011. They included severe limitations on the right to strike, a six-year freeze on new-hire pay that had already been cut in half, and the reduction of skilled trades classifications. The argument of the company and the union leadership was that these measures were needed to “match” the labor cost savings at the bankrupt Chrysler and General Motors corporations.
At half pay, young auto workers will not be able to buy the cars they build. With the average nonunion industrial pay in the United States substantially higher than the $14.50 that Ford new-hires currently get, what does Ford—let alone the UAW—think it’s doing? Anyone who has been subject to the discipline needed in a modern auto assembly plant knows that—short of fascism—you can’t effectively run one here for this kind of pay. The top goal of this savage pay cut is not so much immediate savings as the extermination of the UAW as a respected force on the shop floor as well as politically. Ford will raise pay later, but hopes to dictate its own terms.
The most prominent sentiment on the shop

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.279165
Retrieved Text: A pamphlet attacking the Trotskyist Socialist Workers Party. From https://www.oocities.org/athens/acropolis/8195/swp.html.
One of the most significant groups which appears to be outside the orbit of the Labour Party is the Socialist Workers Party. It is important not primarily because of its size (though its membership is around 4000), but more because of the fact that its policies seem credible to many who have rejected the Labour Party and are committed to bringing about socialism through working class struggle.
In terms of political activity, an enormous amount of energy is put in by members, up and down the country, at workplaces, picket lines, meetings, selling Socialist Worker, and so on. Unfortunately much of this potentially revolutionary energy is channelled ultimately in the direction of supporting some of the very institutions which uphold the present system.
The first thing to note is that the SWP considers that both itself and the Labour Party belong to the same ‘working class movement’. Readers of Socialist Worker are regularly reminded of Labour’s record of attacking the working class. However, this is explained as being due to either ‘mistakes’ or ‘betrayals’ by leaders of a working class party. The ‘mistakes’ are committed by left-wing leaders who according to the SWP, are led to sacrifice their principles through the pursuit of electoral success. The ‘betrayals’ are committed by right-wing leaders, who have become corrupted by the lure of luxury, power and influence within capitalism.
The fact that all labour leaders become corrupted with monotonous regularity is explained by their remoteness from the rank and file; and by their

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.064575
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO—In a strong show of rank-and-file unity, close to 90% of the membership of the Chicago Teachers Union authorized the union to strike if the union’s leadership is unable to negotiate a contract with Mayor Rahm Emmanuel’s handpicked school board. The strike vote was conducted as the mayor has conducted a union-busting campaign against Chicago teachers.
Last year, citing budget concerns, the mayor’s school board unilaterally cancelled a negotiated 4% raise for teachers. The union countered that much of the budget shortfalls in The Chicago Public Schools are due to the city’s diversion of property tax revenues to Tax Increment Financing funds, which are largely used to give handouts to politically influential developers and major corporations. These TIF funds divert hundreds of millions of dollars from the schools, as well as parks, libraries, and the general city budget.
Past recipients of the city’s corporate welfare fund include war-profiteer Boeing (to help them move into a downtown corporate headquarters) and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, who received a generous donation from the city for the worthy cause of helping renovate the bathrooms at the stock exchange.
Adding insult to injury, the mayor, President Obama’s former chief of staff and close ally, has been blaming teachers for the poor performance of Chicago schools. Emmanuel has called for more non-union charter schools, school “turn arounds,” in which all teachers in a given school are fired, and has pushed to eliminate tenure and step increases in pay based on seniority.
Emmanuel’s school board has proposed in negotiations that teachers receive “merit” pay increases based on

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.022852
Retrieved Text: In 2011 the RCN organised the Third Global Commune event around the theme ‘Trade Unions – Are They Fit For Purpose?’ Speakers were invited to put forward a rank and file, Minority Movement, independent trade union, and autonomous viewpoint (see http://republicancommunist.org/blog/2011/02/11/report-of-the-third-global-commune-event/).
Since then Emancipation & Liberation have been reporting on various industrial struggles. Here we draw attention to the Lewis Cleaners Strike which has been organised by the Industrial Workers of Great Britain on independent union lines, and we update the Jerry Hicks election campaign within UNITE, which is organised on rank and file lines.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.144659
Retrieved Text: "Despite some progress in contract talks last week, we believe negotiations have reached an impasse," union President Laura Glading said. "The company continued to put forth concessionary proposals in the form of unacceptable compensation, benefits, and work rules."
Under the Railway Labor Act, airline unions must ask the National Mediation Board to declare an impasse in contract talks. If it does, that starts a 30-day cooling off period, after which a union can strike or a company can lock out the workers.
American spokeswoman Missy Latham said the company is only planning and has not yet implemented its contingency plans. "This effort is in response to APFA's announcement of the results of their strike authorization ballot, their desire to be released from mediation, and takes into account the lead time necessary for development and completion of the company's training program," she said.
Not everyone is convinced that federal mediators will release the union from talks.
CRT Capital Group analyst Michael Derchin said that news media are overreacting to union rhetoric, and that a strike is many months away.
"According to our sources, before releasing the flight attendants to strike, the National Mediation Board wants to see if American Airlines can get agreements from its four Transport Workers Union groups and have the rank and file ratify the tentative agreements reached at three TWU groups," Derchin wrote in a research note. "If the TWU rank and file reject the tentative agreements, according to my sources the NMB is likely to release the TWU first, then after those contracts are resolved, release the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.142735
Retrieved Text: In May this year we will be marking the 80th anniversary of the General Strike of 1926. It was one of the struggles that, during the 20th century, marked out the British working class as having tremendous strength and combativity – but also craven and incompetent leaders.
Yet today one side of this equation seems to be missing. The trade union leaders haven’t changed – indeed, in their general willingness to accept cuffs, insults and the odd scrap of a concession from Tony Blair, they have set new standards for servility and cowardice.
But rank and file workers have only rarely taken the initiative for themselves in recent years. This picture contrasts sharply with that of the early 1970s.
The offensive then mounted by the Tory government of Ted Heath was greeted by tremendous resistance. In industries like the docks, mining and engineering, it was rank and file activists, not full-time union officials, that made the running.
There is an obvious explanation for this difference. The strong workplace organisation than eventually broke Heath’s government was targeted by his Tory successor Margaret Thatcher during the 1980s.
Her eventual defeat of the traditional vanguard of the organised working class – the miners, dockers and car workers – and the massive rundown of manufacturing industry from the early 1980s onwards undermined rank and file workers’ confidence in their own power.
The balance of power within the unions tilted decisively in favour of the full-time officials. This has made it much easier for the trade union leadership to cut deals with the government and the employers

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.09088
Retrieved Text: The Chinese proletariat is showing signs of militancy and combativity on its own class terrain, against the Communist Party of China and the state unions. Unfortunately, the Western trade unionists and leftist activists are taking notice. Similar to the Polish workers struggles' of 1980-1981, the Chinese workers erupted into self-organized strikes and protests against the company, outside of and against the official All-China Federation of Trade Unions (ACFTU). Starting in May 2010, workers at parts plants for Honda went on a 2 week strike in Guangdong province. Workers elected their own representatives from among themselves at general assemblies (one of their demands was that all workers be given time off to attend these assemblies during every shift).
Labor Notes, the central magazine for the business union reformers, rank-and-file unionists and their leftist activist allies, wrote a front page piece concerning the Honda workers. The title of the article, ‘Do Spreading Auto Strikes Mean Hope for a Workers' Movement in China?' shows the excitement at the prospect of a spreading 'independent' unionism. The article early on makes a startling confession: "...the ACFTU in practice has worked in line with the government and employers to enforce labor discipline and mediate labor-management conflicts to keep production running smoothly." However, if we believe Labor Notes' supporters, this characterization only applies to business unions in the West and state unions in the so-called 'socialist' countries and other authoritarian regimes -- not the rank-and-file, 'independent' unions. Labor Notes goes on to say, "The peaceful resolution of the Honda strikes may invite the opportunity

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.025278
Retrieved Text: Five Depression-era strikes against many of Akron's rubber companies culminated in a giant "sit-down" strike against Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, the industry's leader, in February and March of 1936. The fledgling United Rubber Workers (URW), created in September 1935, used the tactic of being at work but not working that had been pioneered by rank-and-file workers in a successful 1934 strike against the General Tire and Rubber Company. After a peaceful month-long strike, the URW won recognition from Goodyear and reached a settlement on March 22. The 1936 Akron Rubber Strike was one of the earliest successes for the Committee for Industrial Organization (CIO), sparking a wave of industrial organizing and similar strikes in 1936 and 1937. The "sit-down" strategy extended beyond the rubber industry and was instrumental in the founding of the industrial union movement in the United States.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.347752
Retrieved Text: The left in the PCS union, PCS Left Unity, has started the democratic process to agree its programme for the union, and who will stand on the Left Unity ticket for the PCS 2019 national elections.
Meetings to agree nominations and motions are taking place until 26 October. These will be followed by voting meetings during November, culminating in the national Left Unity conference on 1 December.
A key issue will be who the Left Unity candidate is for the union's assistant general secretary (AGS).
Socialist Party member Chris Baugh is up for re-election. He has been the Left Unity candidate on three successive occasions since 2004, and won the union's election each time.
Chris is being challenged by Janice Godrich, the union's president. This challenge was started and is actively supported by the general secretary, Mark Serwotka, supposedly because of personal dislike and alleged inability to work with Chris.
But as the election process within PCS Left Unity has got under way, the 'justification' for standing against Chris has turned into a campaign of slurs, half-truths and distortions.
Chris Baugh's campaign is supported by the 'Re-elect Chris for AGS' campaign. Its focus is a programme which sets out what is needed to defend members.
A key example is pay and conditions. The 2018 pay strike ballot, despite a massive campaign and huge effort, fell short of the 50% turnout required under the Tories' vicious anti-union laws.
The response by Mark Serwotka, Janice Godrich and their supporters is inadequate - effectively, they want to do the same again in 2019, but be better organised

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.051895
Retrieved Text: Striking Teachers in Oaxaca in 2006 Teachers in the Mexican state of Morelos have been on strike for weeks against a reforrm which would take away their job security The deal was agreed by the leader of the mexican teachers' union SNTE, Elba Ester Gordillo who is President for life and a keen supporter of the neo-liberal goverenment. SNTE like other unions in Mexico is controlled by the government. As well as striking, teachers who have been joined by students and parents have set up motorway blockades and an encampment in the city of Cuernavaca. The Morelos teachers have also been joined by teachers from Oaxaca and from other areas of Mexico. The strike has been lead by CNTE a rank and file group amongst teachers who oppose the leadership of the SNTE union and the neo-liberal education policies of the Calderon government. 50 teachers have been detained by the state and others are missing and it is feared they have been kidnapped by pro-Gordillo gangs. The teachers in the state of Morelos are in negotiations with the government to try and bring an end to the stand off.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.995268
Retrieved Text: THE Cape Chamber of Commerce has been shocked to learn that draft labour legislation which required a ballot of workers before a strike could take place appears to have been scrapped.
Cosatu says in a statement on April 26 and confirmed in the organisation’s May Day statement that the scrapping was the result of negotiations it held with ANC leaders.
In its May Day statement Cosatu said “the Draft Bill forcing us back to the apartheid days where we were forced to hold a compulsory ballot before a strike can commence has been withdrawn”.
Mr Bagraim said this was utter nonsense. Many countries had legislation requiring ballots before a strike could take place. It was a basic democratic right and had nothing to do with apartheid.
“Cosatu does not want a secret ballot because it will give rank and file workers more say. The workers know there will be no pay while they are on strike so they will not be as keen to strike as some of the union officials.” In some recent strikes the workers had actually lost ground because the increases gained had not been sufficient to compensate for the lost wages.
There was no doubt that a secret ballot would produce a better quality decision than a rowdy and possibly “packed” meeting where the hot-heads might be in control. A decision to strike by secret ballot would reflect the views of the moderates as well as the activists and would earn more respect from employers. This, in turn, should ensure a calmer and more fruitful negotiation process.
One

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.637081
Retrieved Text: Workers at Colorado grocery chains King Soopers and City Market voted by 92 percent Friday to authorize a state-wide strike. United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW) Local 7 bargains for approximately 12,200 workers employed at the two chains’ locations throughout the state. Despite the overwhelming vote the union has yet to set a date for a possible strike.
The grocery chains have been owned by Ohio-based Kroger since 1983. Kroger is the second-largest general retailer and one of the largest grocery store chains in the United States, taking in more than $122 billion in revenue in 2018. Through its subsidiaries, Kroger controls the largest share of grocery sales in Colorado, operating over 150 stores in the state.
Workers at the King Soopers and City Market have been working without a contract since January 12. UFCW Local 7 and the companies have been in negotiations since the end of 2018. The companies’ negotiators reportedly walked out of bargaining sessions held on March 8.
Workers are demanding higher wages and better healthcare and time off benefits. A meat cutter at King Soopers in Greeley, Colorado who spoke to Radio KUNC told reporters that he makes just $20.40 per hour after 20 years of employment and must work another part-time job to cover necessary expenses. The same worker spoke of the abysmally low per-hour raises doled out by the Kroger corporation to its workers each year, dubbed the “Kroger quarter,” because it is the highest raise that any of its workers will ever see.
In contrast, in 2015 Kroger CEO Rodney McMullen was

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.587282
Retrieved Text: THE GUERRILLA battles that have been waged between postal workers and their bosses are moving towards all-out war. Postal workers account for half the strikes in Britain. Almost all of them are unofficial, and almost all of them win.
The Post Office and New Labour want to force through harder "flexible" working and privatisation. They want to stop the post strikes in case they inspire other groups to fight.
The government has a free market agenda where competition must be introduced virtually everywhere. Post Office bosses believe that to compete against private firms they must savage jobs and conditions.
The postal regulator is pushing just those attacks. When the battles come there is no reason why workers should lose. And if they win it will be a huge blow against New Labour's privatisation agenda. But there is one example from 15 years ago that stands as a terrible warning-the print workers at Wapping in east London.
Rupert Murdoch took on and beat the very powerful print workers' unions. He built a scab plant and then sacked over 5,000 printers, electricians and journalists who worked in Fleet Street. Sometimes bosses stumble into fights with workers. Sometimes they meticulously plan. Murdoch planned. Post Office bosses are planning now.
POST OFFICE management's problem is that whenever they try a sustained assault on the networks of rank and file activists, those same networks deliver a big punishing strike. This is what happened just before the election. Management are not sure how to respond to this situation. But their long term strategy is now focused on

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.563795
Retrieved Text: "Our patience is running out very quickly... We will do whatever it takes." Those were the words of Lamoin Werlein-Jaen, UNITE HERE Local 2 Secretary-Treasurer, speaking to hotel workers rallied in front of the Palace Hotel last Thursday. Not long afterwards, dozens of hotel workers and supporters were carted away by police after they sat down and blocked the doors to the historic hotel.
Local 2 has long been one of the key players in San Francisco's labor movement. The union's trials, travails and triumphs over the years have reflected both the state of labor and the state of the left in US politics. The local is now led by Mike Casey, first elected President in 1994. Casey has overseen a period of organizational stability and consolidation and, in recent years, a significant growth in membership following years of decline. He has run the local longer than anyone else since the infamous business-union administration of Joe Belardi was deposed in 1978.
Belardi had long ruled the roost among San Francisco hotel and restaurant workers. Belardi came out of the cooks union, back when there were separate locals for cooks, bartenders, waiters, waitresses, dishwashers and maids. The old craft unions were merged in 1975 to create Local 2. The merger was a controversial process that put Belardi in control of the new local, along with a rogue's gallery of (mostly) labor hacks. The merger was orchestrated by then-international union President Ed Hanley, whose installation many believe was itself orchestrated by the Chicago mob.
The merger brought together the disparate crafts

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.359365
Retrieved Text: Ontario’s Doug Ford-led Conservative government recalled the provincial legislature from its Christmas recess this week to pass a bill, the Protecting Ontario’s Power Supply act, that outlaws a threatened strike by 6,000 Ontario Power Generation (OPG) workers.
The Conservatives announced the legislature’s recall late last week, shortly after the OPG workers rejected the utility’s “final” contract offer. The twice-rejected deal would further institutionalize two-tier pensions and benefits by continuing to deny equal benefits to more than 300 workers hired on a fixed-term basis.
In a virtually unprecedented move, the government is adopting anti-strike legislation before any job action has occurred. The bill outlawing the strike action and imposing binding arbitration is expected to be passed by Ford’s majority government today.
This marks the second time in its six months in office that Ford’s right-wing government has recalled the legislature to adopt an anti-strike law.
In the current dispute, members of the provincial Power Workers Union (PWU) rejected a contract offer last August that was recommended by the union leadership. Last week, OPG workers rejected by a 60 percent majority virtually the same offer when the union again presented it to them. A 21-day strike notification was then issued by the union in order to prepare for an orderly shutdown of nuclear power stations.
The PWU represents workers at OPG’s string of nuclear installations, as well as natural gas plants, wind and thermal facilities and hydroelectric dams. The provincial government-owned OPG produces about half of the province’s electricity.
Since Ford took office, his Progressive Conservatives have adopted a battery of right-wing measures. These

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.040258
Retrieved Text: More than 300 Teamsters Local 727 members are initiating an unfair labor practice strike against Coca-Cola Refreshments at 5 a.m., Thursday, Dec. 3, after the beverage industry behemoth intimidated workers and engaged in bad faith bargaining during negotiations for a new contract.
Local 727 represents 319 production and warehouse workers and transport drivers at Coca-Cola Refreshments facilities in Niles and Alsip, Ill. The union’s bargaining committee of rank-and-file members and Teamster representatives met 12 times with management since Oct. 28 to try to reach an agreement. During the process, Coca-Cola Refreshments committed numerous unfair labor practices to force the strike, including surface bargaining with no intention of settling the contract, intimidating workers with baseball bats and threatening union members with job loss.
Contract negotiations between Local 727 and the company are expected to continue during the unfair labor practice strike. Coca-Cola Refreshments is a subsidiary of Coca-Cola (NYSE: KO).
Beyond worker intimidation and bad faith bargaining, Local 727 filed unfair labor practices against Coca-Cola Refreshments for soliciting contract proposals directly from workers and refusing to fulfill multiple information requests from the union. The Teamsters currently are collecting additional evidence regarding the company’s actions to submit to the National Labor Relations Board and expect to file other unfair labor practices, including surveillance of employees by Coca-Cola Refreshments management.
The current contract extension for Coca-Cola Teamsters expired on Tuesday, Dec. 1.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.97385
Retrieved Text: Autoworkers struck the General Motors CAMI auto assembly plant outside of London, Ontario late Sunday night after the Unifor union and GM failed to reach agreement on a new three-year contract. The strike by 2,800 workers is the first at the assembly plant since 1992.
The walkout will all but halt production of GM’s highly profitable Equinox SUV, which is only produced in smaller numbers at two other plants in Mexico. Workers at CAMI assembled more than 300,000 vehicles at the factory last year, making it one of the most productive and profitable in GM’s system.
The strike will immediately hit production at GM’s other operations, including an engine and transmission plant in St. Catharines, Ontario, that supplies CAMI, as well as suppliers that make components for the Equinox.
The walkout by CAMI workers is part of a growing wave of struggles by autoworkers around the world, including the 2015 rebellion by US autoworkers at Fiat Chrysler (FCA) and recent strikes by Korean GM workers, FCA workers in Serbia and VW workers in Slovakia. Last year, there was widespread opposition by rank-and-file workers to the concessions Unifor handed to the Detroit-based automakers.
Workers, who voted 99.8 percent for a strike last month, were quick to set up picket lines determined to recoup their losses from a series of concession contracts signed by Unifor and its predecessor, the Canadian Auto Workers (CAW). CAMI workers are forced to labour under a separate agreement than other Canadian autoworkers employed by GM, Ford and FCA—and their factory has long been used to set a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.930035
Retrieved Text: The National Union of Healthcare Workers announced Tuesday that its leaders voted overwhelmingly (72 percent) to endorse Senator Bernie Sanders.
This is not the first union to endorse the senator as frontrunner Hillary Clinton has struggled to gain the union support she expected, Sanders has been endorsed previously by National Nurses United and United Electrical, Radio, and Machine Workers of America.
“He’s the real thing. He’s been standing up for working Americans for decades. But no president can go it alone; it will take a bottom-up, grassroots movement to change the direction of our country. NUHW is proud to be part of that movement,” said National Union of Healthcare Workers (NUHW) President Sal Rosselli. They like him particularly for his Medicare for all initiative.
The union has 11,000 workers in hospitals throughout California, and was founded by former SEIU members after a 2009 dispute. NUHW for months sent questionnaires to members to see who they would support. After the voting of rank-and-file leaders was tallied, only 17 percent supported Hillary Clinton for Democratic nominee.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.78497
Retrieved Text: For those of us who work and study at CUNY, the story of Los Angeles schools is all too familiar. For decades, LAUSD was kept alive on a starvation budget, the inadequacy of which was exacerbated by a rapid rise in charter schools which further ate up public reserves. Teachers were asked to do more with less. Teach more students. Prepare for more (standardized) tests. Work more hours. Accept less pay. Lose support staff. Note that, though your students and their families are often in crisis—struggling to make ends meet in a hyper-segregated city where affordable housing is a thing of the past—you are to deliver better academic results. Do not focus too much on the alienation and fear of your students as they attempt to make sense of their place in the City of Angels, where all new infrastructure is built for the rich.
With class sizes of 40 and upward, there is no time to pause and no money to pay a counselor or school psychologist anyway. If you as a teacher are also struggling to find your place in the city, do not question it. Never mind that you, too, are increasingly being pushed to the city’s edges, giving more of your waking hours to your commute. Watch as your Democratic elected officials bend over backwards to lure billion-dollar tech companies into your town, but cry poor when you ask for funding so that your buildings might stop crumbling.
But there is a fundamental difference between what is happening at CUNY and what is happening

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.687235
Retrieved Text: According to news reports, four members of the executive body of the St. Vincent and the Grenadines Teachers’ Union (SVGTU) reported for work on October 13, 2015, the day that the union called its members out for strike action. Not only did they break the strike, it is reported that some of them were behind the scenes lobbying rank and file members to disregard the call of the union. In industrial relations, this is an unpardonable sin. These persons, to whom I refer as the despicable four, should now do the decent thing and resign from their respective posts immediately.
It was with grave sadness that I learnt that Sis Jane Farrell, Sis Margaret Jackson, Bro Sheldon Govia and Bro Maxford Jones boldly ignored the union’s call to withdraw their services. Instead, they showed up for work. Even more disconcerting was the charge that they were allegedly involved in lobbying other members to do likewise. And, to make matters even worse, it is claimed that among them is a direct line to the prime minister who is briefed on every move contemplated by the executive. Like I said, it is alleged!
In October of 1999, the Teachers Union called a strike. And, I Philbert John, a.k.a Peejohn as PRO of the SVGTU then, chose to show up to work instead. I was unceremoniously ejected from the executive within hours! I then had the gall to show up to a subsequent general meeting where I was almost pilloried by a mob of angry members. Since that time, I have

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.680866
Retrieved Text: The rank and file of Unison has forced the union’s leadership to hold a special recall conference for the local government sector.
The revolt inside the Unison union against the leadership’s sell out of members in local government over pay is growing.
The rotten pay proposal cooked up by leaders of the Unison, GMB and Unite union leaderships has now settled the dispute with local government employers.
The Tories have launched an assault on Tower Hamlets council in east London. They plan to send in a “takeover squad” to run parts of the authority.
Voting ends this week in pay consultation ballots of local government workers in England and Wales.
The Unison, GMB and Unite unions are holding a consultative ballot of local government members in England and Wales over pay.
Recycling workers in the GMB union in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, began an indefinite strike last Saturday.
Library workers in Greenwich, south east London, have beaten private bosses’ attacks on bosses and pay.
Local government workers in Scotland have voted by more than two-thirds to accept a revised pay proposal from council bosses.
Unison leaders face a serious kickback over their decision to call off a local government strike on 14 October.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.552149
Retrieved Text: In the last few months a wave of rank-and-file teacher strikes has swept the US. Rebel spoke with Dana Blanchard—a former elementary school teacher and union organiser in California for almost fifteen years, who reported on the strikes for Socialist Worker (US)—about this industrial action, and its wider significance for the labour movement in the US.
1. There was some media attention concerning the teacher strike in West Virginia at the beginning of April, but at this point there have been major strikes, protests and/or walk-outs in multiple states and school districts (Arizona, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Puerto Rico). Can you describe this teacher strike wave?
As someone who taught in public schools for over fifteen years, through the economic crisis of 2008 and the severe budget cuts that came afterwards where we lost tens of thousands of educator jobs, it has been so incredible to see our profession finally standing up and fighting back. It has been in many ways a long time coming—the cuts to education spending and the culture of punishment created by high stakes testing being tied to school funding have been devastating to public schools for teachers, staff, students and their families. While this anger has been building up over a decade these strikes, especially the fact they happened in so-called republican-stronghold “red states,” took many people by surprise. For example, West Virginia, the first state to strike, is a state that went more heavily for Trump in the 2016 presidential election than any other state. Many liberals and even some folks on the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.318789
Retrieved Text: Recently the Mexican northern border has witnessed the violence of US imperialism against the Caravans of Central American Migrants. This region is also known to endure the curse of organized crime, yet today a new player has entered the stage: the workers’ movement with its method of struggle, the strike. Workers are shaking the whole region with their massive and rank and file strikes, against the boycott of the corrupt union leaders (charros) and despite the silence of the bourgeois press and the local and federal governments. With these actions they are sending a clear message to other social justice activists in Mexico and all over the world.
Since early January, a total of 30,000 maquila workers at the Texas-Mexico border in Matamoros (Tamaulipas) have led strikes, demonstrations and protest actions. The current mobilization began on January 12th, when more than 50,000 workers of 48 maquiladoras (factories) – out of the total 80,000 maquila workers across 122 companies- went on strike. Their main demands are a 20% wage increase, payment of an annual bonus of 32,000 pesos, and the return of the 40-hour work week. The main business of these maquila factories is the production of electronic, textile, chemical goods, and car parts for exporta to the US. The workers are also facing the plant closures that companies have now threatened in response to their mobilization. In the last few days, some companies have fired hundreds of workers in retaliation for participating in the strikes. Others “promised” to pay lost wages if workers come back to work

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.188627
Retrieved Text: The Conservatives will draw up new laws to curb the rights of public sector unions to take industrial action, Cabinet Office minister Francis Maude has said.
Maude said the legislation was intended to stop strikes with mandates that were "weak" or resulting from ballots taken more than two years previously.
Such a law would severely curb unions' rights to organise strikes. The move comes ahead of walkout by up to a million public sector workers, including teachers and NHS staff, planned for Thursday 10 July.
"We want to look at whether there should be a threshold in terms of turnout so that a ballot below a certain level should not give a valid legal mandate for strike action," Maude said on Sky News's Murnaghan programme.
"We should also be looking at whether there should be some rule that a mandate falls after a certain time. It can't be right that the unions can come back year after year based on a mandate that is several years old in order to call strike action that can cause real harm not just to our children but also to hard-working parents."
Tory sources said the plans centred on forcing union leaders to prove that half their members supported a walkout and that a large proportion had voted. Otherwise, a strike could be ruled illegal.
Under today's law, a strike can go ahead if it is backed by a simple majority of those balloted. Few ballots achieve the support of more than 50% of the entire workforce.
Union leaders say Thursday's walkout could be the biggest since

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.019228
Retrieved Text: In response to the crisis, the ruling class is imposing unprecedented austerity measures along with layoffs and wage cuts. The general consensus in parliaments, government chambers and corporate boardrooms is that the working class, the vast majority of the world’s population, must pay for a crisis they did not create and for which they are not responsible.
The mass social struggles that emerged in 2011 are now entering a new stage. Strikes continue in Egypt against the US-backed regime and the International Monetary Fund; transit and ferry workers in Greece have gone on strike and Spanish workers have carried out mass protests against the European Union’s austerity demands; auto workers in France have occupied factories threatened with closure; tens of million of workers in India shut down much of the country in a two-day general strike last week.
In each of these struggles common problems arise. While there is no lack of the will to fight and the courage to prevail, every section of workers has been forced to confront the question of leadership and organization. To the extent that they remain under the control of the trade unions and the so-called “left” parties, the struggles are directed back into the political establishment and betrayed.
Workers formed the committee in the aftermath of the betrayal of the strike by 9,000 school bus drivers, matrons and mechanics by the Amalgamated Transit Union and the rest of the city’s unions. Although there was widespread support for a struggle against the city’s billionaire mayor, Michael Bloomberg, the ATU, the AFL-CIO, the subway

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.989565
Retrieved Text: Last month, the Oakland Education Association (OEA) declared an impasse in contract negotiations and told teachers to prepare for a strike when school resumes in August. The district is demanding an increase in special education class sizes and the hours all teachers work, without a commensurate rise in teacher pay.
Oakland teachers are increasingly outraged over the district’s poor pay, immense turnover, large class sizes and dilapidated facilities. They are inspired by the wave of teachers struggles that broke out in West Virginia, Oklahoma, Arizona and elsewhere against chronic underfunding of education, and are looking for a way to fight.
Teachers should not assume that just because the OEA has told them to prepare for a strike, that the union will actually call one. Once an impasse is declared the Public Employee Relations Board assigns a mediator. If mediation fails, a fact-finding panel is appointed, and after its results are made public the union can legally strike and the district can legally impose its last contract offer.
Any organization that accepts budget cuts as necessary while the government spends trillions on wars and corporate tax cuts is incapable of defending public education. Public education in California and across the country is under bipartisan attack. Any serious struggle immediately involves a political fight against both Democrats and Republicans and the powerful corporate interests they both defend.
The union bureaucracy, however, is entirely integrated into the Democratic Party machine. Both the National Education Association (NEA) and the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) are major cogs in this corporate-controlled party, with AFT President

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.864716
Retrieved Text: December 12, 2008: Ron Carey, a former UPS driver and Teamster president who set the standard for union leaders for courage and honesty and transformed the leadership of our union died yesterday at age 72.
Carey passed away at New York City Queens Hospital.
Carey toppled mob rule in the Teamsters, became the International Union’s first democratically elected General President and used his influence to change the leadership and direction of the AFL-CIO. In 1997, he led a 15-day strike against United Parcel Service—winning the labor movement’s biggest victory in a generation.
Carey resigned from office in November 1997 to fight allegations that he was involved in an improper scheme to use union funds to finance his reelection campaign. Carey was vindicated of this charge by a jury in federal court in 2001 which found that Carey had no knowledge of, or role in, the scheme.
“Ron Carey was the nation’s most charismatic and successful labor leader as the Twentieth Century was coming to an end. He will be remembered as a major figure in American labor history on the basis of just two of his accomplishments: In 1991—running as a reformer with the backing of Teamsters for a Democratic Union, he was elected general president of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. In 1997, he led the successful 15-day strike against the giant United Parcel Service, the biggest victory organized labor had experienced in at least three decades,” said Ken Crowe, the author of Collision: How the Rank and File Took Back the Teamsters and The Vindication of Ron Carey.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.816692
Retrieved Text: On Thursday, February 22, teachers in two of West Virginia’s fifty-five counties walked out. By Monday, March 1, schools shut down state-wide. Thousands of teachers and staff rallied in Charleston demanding raises and protesting increases in healthcare premiums. Eight days later, the Republican-dominated state government capitulated, granting a 5% raise to all state employees. The government also agreed to delay cuts to healthcare benefits for 16 months. This strike is not just a victory for the West Virginia teachers and state workers, it is an example for all of us and one that could quickly spread.
The teachers’ strike came after months of organizing by teachers independent of their union officials. In the beginning, some teachers set up a Facebook group to discuss how to organize against the politicians and timid union officials. Eventually 20,000 teachers and staff joined the Facebook group and teams of teachers began to reach out across school district boundaries.
Teachers called meetings of all employees regardless of union affiliation to build unity. Most West Virginia communities are impoverished and many children depend on school lunches. In anticipation of the strike, teachers filled backpacks with food for students and their families. As the strike continued, teachers set up distribution points for families to receive packages of food, and some teachers personally delivered boxes of food to the students’ homes. They also reached out to parents explaining why they would strike. As a result, many West Virginia workers and parents of the students joined the teachers’ rallies.
Discussion among teachers became more intense when union officials

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.778849
Retrieved Text: Will SEIU obliterate a California local?
Brian Cruz, a member of SEIU Local 1021 in San Francisco, reports on the struggle of members of United Healthcare Workers-West to resist a power grab by the union's president, Andrew Stern.
THE HIGHEST body of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) convened January 8 via teleconference to determine the future of its 150,000-member California affiliate, United Healthcare Workers-West (UHW).
If the electronic vote set for January 9 goes according to the plan of SEIU President Andrew Stern, the union's International Executive Board (IEB) will begin dismantling UHW.
The vote comes more than a year and a half after the UHW leaders challenged Stern's efforts to concentrate union power in his hands and pursue collaboration with employers.
According to Stern, unions need to adapt to the present by relegating tools like shop-steward structures and the strike to the past. Unions should be streamlined and more centralized, Stern says, so their leadership can focus more on finessing reforms from employers and politicians.
"I don't think anymore the power of unions comes from its ability to strike," Stern declared on National Public Radio's Talk of the Nation program. "I think it comes from its ability to participate in the political process and to change America in issues that we've been talking about, like health care."
UHW and its supporters, on the other hand, argue that labor needs to negotiate from a position of strength. They assert that union democracy and rank-and-file militancy are as essential now as ever. They further criticize the centralization of power that has taken place

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: The word "bend" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The stick does not bend.
Sentence 2: Bend your knees.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.873608
Retrieved Text: How Much Should Your Knees Be Bent in a Boxing Stance?
Bending your knees keeps you balanced and strong in the ring.
Keeping your knees bent is one of the golden rules for a proper boxing stance. The knees have to stay bent in order for you to keep your balance, but there’s no set angle, depth or level for the optimum knee bend. How much you bend your knees depends on your body type, fighting style and what you happen to be doing in the ring.
Everyone’s leg length is different. A taller person, or someone with longer legs, may have to bend a little further to feel steady as opposed to someone shorter, whose center of gravity is already closer to the ground. Varying factors, like flexibility and even the basic individual anatomy of each person’s leg bones and ankle joints, may affect how deep of a bend is comfortable and effective in a boxing stance. One size does not fit all when it comes to bending your knees in a boxing stance.
The last thing you want is for your opponent to be able to send you to the mat because you happened to be off balance. Keeping the knees bent is key in maintaining your balance, but everyone’s center of gravity is slightly different. Physics describes the center of gravity as the point where the mass of an object is concentrated. The lower your center of gravity, the greater your stability. How deep you bend the knees in order to lower your center of gravity, and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.310558
Retrieved Text: Vacation: The time of year we take a break from the stresses of home and head to one of our favorite spots (or try a new one). Many of us exercise addicts stress over missing a day at the gym or taking a break from our workout routine while on vacation. In just 20 minutes you can drive your heart rate up, burn a ton of calories, and maintain your strength. The following plans will change the way you workout on vacation and at home, leaving you to feel relaxed and energized!
Overview: 4 blocks of work; 3 exercises in each block; Complete each exercise 10 times. Then, complete the same 3 exercises 9 times, repeating the cycle counting down until you reach 1 rep of each exercise . In single leg or side exercises, count 1 rep as completing both sides 1 time. So, 10 plyo lunges is 20 total lunges, 10 on the right and 10 on the left.
Squat Basics: Keep your knees over your toes but not past, your back straight, push your hips back, and keep your chest up. If you are jumping, be sure to bend your knees as you land to absorb the impact and keep your knees safe.
Pushup Basics: Begin with your hands wide and your shoulders in line with your hands. Bend at the elbows until you reach a 90 degree bend. Be sure to keep your abs engaged and your back straight.
Lunge Basics: Keep your knees over your toes not past, your back straight, drop the back knee

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.129728
Retrieved Text: These days bloating and abdominal discomfort have become very common among all age groups. People often pop up pills without even realizing the side-effects it may have on the health.
A healthy diet and 15-20 minutes yoga can assist when your tummy needs a little debloating. A combination of twists, forward bending and core work increases the flow of nutrient and oxygen-rich blood towards the bowels and help the intestinal muscles to relax.
Begin this pose with lying on your back.
Bend both the knees into your chest and hug them tight.
Rock your knees from side to side. This provides a natural massage to your abdominal organs.
Slowly move your knees away from your belly and lower your toes to the floor for 10 seconds.
Repeat this yoga pose again.
This is a seated yoga pose.
Sit on the yoga mat with your back straight.
Bend your knees and place your feet flat on the ground.
Keeping your back straight, lift your feet and lean back slightly. Your shins should be parallel to the floor.
Place your hands behind your thighs, and draw both the sides of your navel in towards the spine.
Stay in this pose for 10-20 seconds initially.
Exhale and release your legs. Repeat the same pose again.
Lie down flat on your back. Bring your right knee towards your chest and keep your left knee extended. Roll towards the left side.
Inhale, place your left hand on your right knee and extend your right arm out at the shoulder level.
Slightly turn your neck and look towards the right side.
Hold 10 breaths and return back to the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.77584
Retrieved Text: 1) Begin in a wide legged forward bend.
2) Bring your head to the floor. You may need to bend your knees to do this.
3) Bring the palms flat on the floor and bend the elbows to 90 degrees.
4) Make sure that the head and your two palms form an equilateral triangle and do not allow the elbows to splay out.
5) Shift your weight forward onto your head and hands so that you can lift the feet from the floor.
6) Slowly bring the legs together until they are perpendicular to the floor. Once you are up, stay here five to ten breaths. Make sure to press strongly into your palms the whole time.
7) To come out, reverse the process by first bringing the legs wide and then lowering them slowly to the floor so that you come back into your wide-legged forward bend.
After step 5, bring your knees to rest on the shelf made by your upper arms. Practice balancing here. If you feel stable enough, try bringing the knees together at the level of your stomach and straightening the legs up from there.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.645437
Retrieved Text: Have the class, or your family stand up with the goal of jumping as high as they can. Maybe have a goal on the wall or doorway or something to measure how high to jump. In the first situation, no one can bend their knees before they jump – not even a little! So basically you can only go on your tiptoes. You just can’t propel yourself into their air without bending your knees first.
Next have them bend their knees just a little bit and jump again and notice how much higher they can jump then finally allow the students to jump as high as they possibly can and bend as much as they desire.
Point out to them that the only way to reach and jump high is to bend low first. So when we are brought low with trials or difficulties we must remember that it takes that bending low to propel us higher. If we are brought low with trials, then we can build sufficient faith and trust in God so he can lift us to a higher spiritual place. There are many stories in the scriptures then that can illustrate this concept.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.47238
Retrieved Text: I have a feeling you have heard your coach yell out a time or two, “Bend your knees — get down lower!” I bet a practice does not go by that these words are not uttered. There is a reason why your coaches want you to get down lower.
In almost every aspect of basketball, your knees should be bent to keep you down low. When you shoot, your knees are bent. When you pass, your knees are bent and you are low. When you play defense, you are low. When you dribble the ball, you are low. The lower your body is, the better balance your body maintains. And when your body is in balance you are much more likely to execute the fundamentals properly.
BUT, there is a big problem — bending our knees and getting lower HURTS! That’s why we tend to avoid bending! I’m telling you right now, if you want to be a complete player, you have to develop your leg muscles so you can bend your knees and stay low for extended periods of time.
Also, when you are practicing, think to yourself that bending your knees another inch or two will benefit your game a lot. Remind yourself at all times to get low and stay low.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.468868
Retrieved Text: Hanging out is great when it comes to your friends and a round of margaritas. Not so great when you're wearing a bikini. You can't spot-reduce saggy parts, but if you combine these targeted moves from Ellen Barrett, owner of Buff Girl Fitness in New Haven, Connecticut, with 30 minutes of cardio four times a week, you'll be able to lift and firm them in no time.
Sit on the floor with your knees bent and hands at your sides, directly underneath your shoulders. Hoist your hips off the floor, like a crab. Next, bend your elbows and lower yourself toward the floor (without touching it), then straighten your arms.
Stand at arm's distance from a wall and put your right palm flat against it. Bend your right arm as much as you can, making sure your elbow goes directly behind you and not out to the side. Return to start and repeat 15 times before switching sides.
Lie on your back with your hands behind your head and knees bent above your hips. Keeping your shoulders flat against the floor, drop your knees to the right in one controlled movement. Do one crunch in that position. Lift your knees back to start, do one crunch there, then drop them to the left and crunch again.
Stand with your heels close together and press up onto the balls of your feet. (If you know ballet, this is a relevé.) Next, bend your knees about 45 degrees, pause for a few seconds, and return to start. Keep your back straight with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.064636
Retrieved Text: If you cannot seem to find the time to make it to the gym or go for that morning run, this one’s for you. What is important is your dedication towards your goal and how regularly you practice these exercises.
If you can’t get yourself to step out or on the tread, just run at home. You don’t need a lot of place either. Just stand with your hands in running position and begin to lift your legs in alternates. Remember to lift them like you will when you are on the run, just that you remain stationary. Start with 30 minutes a day and gradually increase the time.
Stand straight with your arms by your sides. Now, bend your knees slightly and jump extending your legs beyond shoulder width. While you jump, raise your hands upward such that they touch then come back to your starting position. Begin with 15 reps and push as you progress.
Another simple cardio that also works on your core is the crunches. Lie flat on the floor with your hands rested behind your head. Raise your legs with bent knees such that they rest on your feet. With the help of your stomach muscles, lift your upper body towards the knees.
Tones your buttocks, hips and works on your cardio as well. Stand with your legs kept slightly apart. Slightly bend your knees and ensure your buttocks are straight behind you to get your squat position right. Once you get to the squat position, jump up and then land back into the squat.
Another

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.999195
Retrieved Text: Posted by paripl110707 in bend, kneel, sit, stand up, straighten.
How to pick up objects from the floor. Don’t bend from the waist. Bend from the knees and straighten up from the knees as well. Keep one foot a little in from of the other for better balance.
How to sit on chair. Seed to it that your knew are higher than your hips while keeping both feet firmly on the floor. If the seat is too high, place your feet on a foot rest or if this in not available. An old telephone directory will do. Your spine should press against the chair’s back. When your work requires you to sit for long periods of time, stand up every 30 to 40 minutes and take a few steps around the office.
How to make the bed. Again, do not bend at the waist. Kneel on the floor when putting the sheets on or pulling them up. If you want to smooth the cores, kneel on the bed with one leg and keep the other foot on the floor.
How to sleep. Put a pillow under the knee if you’re sleeping on your back. This preserves the spinal column’s natural “s” curve. Sleeping on your side takes the pressure off your back. Never sleep on your stomach as this will force your back to arch for hours.
How to stand in line. Stand with your legs slightly bent, feet apart with one foot a few inches forward. Keep your shoulders high but relaxed. Change position every few minutes to rest muscles.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.935635
Retrieved Text: Do a 10-minute warm up on the treadmill, bike or crosstrainer.
Do 10 reps of each exercise, one after the other then repeat the circuit.
Builds explosive power, agility, speed, balance and stability.
Standing with your core engaged and feet hip-width apart, bend at the knees and jump forwards off both legs, using your arms to propel your forwards. Land on both feet.
To build muscle in your chest and shoulders.
Lie on the floor with your palm flat on the floor under your shoulders. Raise your chin off the floor. Lift your body off the floor by pushing through your palms until you’re resting your weight on your hands and your tiptoes. Lower yourself slowly back to the start position to complete the move.
To work your abdominals and your core.
Lie on your back, with your feet flat on the floor so your knees are bent. Place your fingertips on your temples and contract your abs before pressing your lower back into the floor. Slowly lift your shoulder blades off the floor, but avoid jerking your head. Pause slowly before lowering your upper body back onto the mat.
Burns calories and fat while toning your core, arms and shoulders.
Stand up tall with your feet hip-width apart. Drop down into a squat position, with your fingertips resting on the floor in front of you. Kick your feet back to a push-up position. As soon as your feet touch the floor, jump your feet back to the squat position. Immeadiately leap high into the air, simultaneously reaching your arms overhead.
This move tones and strengthens

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.912912
Retrieved Text: Keeping your knees directly over your feet, bend your knees and lower your bottom as if sitting on a chair. Do not let the knees come forwards over your toes.
As squat, but take the hips over to one side and touch the wall, before coming back up.
Standing on a step, keep your hips level as you slowly step down, bringing the opposite arm forward. Only if your therapist has asked you to, slowly bring your weight back onto the back leg and raise your body back up onto the step.
Slowly lift the leg, leaning forwards, keeping hips level, using leg, buttocks and core stabilising muscles. Hand weights can be added to progress.
Raise leg with bent knee to 90 degrees. Keep hips level.
Sit with hips square. Bend one leg and have the other leg as straight as possible with heel resting on the ground. Slowly lift yourself to standing, putting all your weight through your bent leg. Keep your hips facing forwards.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.893581
Retrieved Text: Target Muscles: latissimus dorsi, rhomboids, trapezius, lateral deltoids.
Set Up: Stand with your feet hip-width apart, holding a light to medium dumbbell in each hand. Keeping a slight bend in your knees, hinge forward from your hips until your torso is about 45 degrees to the ground. Extend your arms toward the ground.
Action: As you maintain a straight back, flex your arms to draw the weights up until they reach the sides of your ribcage.
Slowly extend your arms back toward the floor, keeping a slight bend in your elbows. Next, raise your arms up and out, leading with your elbows, until your arms are almost parallel to the ground. Lower your arms back to the start and repeat.
Tip: Want to hit your rear deltoids? As you set up your starting position, lean forward from your hips until your torso is parallel to the ground; from this position, you may need to bend your knees more for stability.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.850174
Retrieved Text: The inside of your thighs are comprised of the adductors, gracilis, pectineus and sartorius muscles. Cardiovascular exercise allows you to burn calories and decrease total body fat. However, in order to sculpt the inside of your thighs, perform specific exercises to strengthen and tone the muscles.
Pilates-inspired side-lying leg lifts isolate your inner thigh muscles through concentrated and controlled movements. Begin lying on your right side with your legs stacked on top of each other and your head resting on your right arm. Bend your left knee and place your foot flat on the floor in front of your right leg. Use your left hand to hold your ankle in place. With the inside of your right leg facing the ceiling, lower and lift your leg without touching the floor. Perform eight to 12 repetitions, then repeat on your other side. For added resistance, attach weights around your ankles.
Strengthen your legs and slim your inner thighs with plié squats. Begin with your feet in a wide stance with both feet facing out. Anchor through your heels and bend your knees while you lower your bottom towards the floor. To avoid excess stress on your joints, make sure that your knees do not extend in front of your toes. Complete three sets of 15 to 20 repetitions. For an additional challenge, perform one set with your heels lifted off of the floor.
Use a Pilates ring to enhance intensity and resistance. Begin lying on your back with both knees bent and your feet flat on the floor. Open your

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.835188
Retrieved Text: Shape your arms and improve the stability of the shoulders at the same time.
Place hands on the ball 2-4 hand-widths out from sides and knees or toes in ground. Contract every muscle in your body and press up body using mainly chest muscles. Lower slowly. Keep body straight the entire movement.
Stand up, bend knees just a little and keep abs tight. Loop the band around your feet and place elbows by your sides. Start with your arms straight, bend arms and lift your hands towards your shoulders. Slowly return.
Place hands in ground and knees or toes on the ball. Position elbows close to your sides and lower slowly, push your body back up using mainly muscles on the back of your arms. Involve abs, glutes and back to tighten the whole body and keep it straight throughout the movement.
Vivid Arms is 1 of 33 workout routines in Poworkout Ball & Band.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.78658
Retrieved Text: Skiing and other winter sports are increasingly popular, but how many people are putting unnecessary strain on their body with poor techniques and habits.
Simple tips, techniques and exercises, based on the teachings of the Alexander Technique, can help improve balance, skill levels and performance. Alexander Technique focuses on positive ‘body use’ – ensuring correct, effective posture, and economy of movement and effort. This means your musculo-skeletal system is working at its most effective to build strength and suppleness, help avoid injury and combat muscular or joint pain.
Be Light Fingered - Many skiers, especially beginners, grip their ski poles so tightly their knuckles are white. This is not only a waste of effort but also creates tension in the upper body and shoulders, which limits movement and flexibility. A light grip is fine.
Know Your Joints - Discover where your joints actually are. When instructed to ‘bend the knees’ many skiers bend simply from the waist and the knees – the classic ‘bent knee bottom out, head back’ stance. The hip joint is near the groin and should be your ‘pivot point’. Nothing above the hip joint should bend or shorten, and you should be loose enough to be able to swivel your knees from side to side without moving your upper body.
Read what some famous people have said about the Technique here.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.776915
Retrieved Text: The best way a mom can enter the war for the heart of her son is on her knees.
Now, more than ever, our sons need moms who are willing to fight for them in prayer. We're here to help you do just that.
Get your FREE 25-day #prayingforboys prayer calendar right now by entering your email address in the box below. You'll automatically receive your free calendar, and other encouragement from the MOB Society, a group of Christian moms committed to raising godly men.
If their knees are ever to bend to Jesus as Savior, their hearts must bend first. This is the place of a mama’s prayers.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.660978
Retrieved Text: Lie on your back, legs bent, knees and ankles together. Slowly lower right knee and engage core to bring knee back to centre. Repeat 4 times. Swap legs. Repeat with both legs.
Small hip arcs starting small and getting larger.
Stretch - Hug your knees into your chest for 20s.
Single leg circles. Point x 5 circles, each 5s then flex x 5 circles, each 5s. Swap legs.
Stretch - Lie on your back, legs hip width apart and rotate ankles both ways.
Stretch - Lie on back and roll legs out from hip and then roll back in. Slowly x 5.
Lie on your back, frog feet and knees wide, legs in. Point, knees together push legs away. Repeat 5 times slowly. Repeat 5 times with frog feet, push away legs and point feet and knees together and bring legs in.
Lie on back, bend knees, take knees to left. Arms long over head and crunch up slowly x 10. Swap legs to right and slow crunches x 10.
Stretch - Spine coil by lying on back, bend knees and take knees to right and head to left. Hold 20s and then swap sides.
Lie on back and roll up into shoulder bridge, 6s up 6s hold high and 6s down. Repeat 8s, repeat 10s.
Stretch - In 4 point kneeling slowly circle hips 5 x left, 5 x right.
Superman, in 4 point kneeling, using opposite arm and leg. Slowly out, take 3s, hold out 3s, slowly in 3s. Swap sides. Reapt 5 x each side. Strong people start with knees furtehr back.
Child pose or

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.614557
Retrieved Text: My such beloved children, I bless you with every blessing through the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. I, the Mother of all peoples, am with you.
Dear children, bend your knees. By this gesture you will receive all the graces for which you ask. You do not yet understand that before the Most Holy Trinity, you must incline your head and bend your knees. From this gesture of humility toward God, be sure that you will be heard as children.
Every father asks for respect within his family and every son listens to his father, recognizing priority and teaching toward them. And so, I tell you, the Father of heaven has given you life and makes you enjoy every good created for you; does he not merit a small gesture from you toward him?
Sometimes you ask for graces as if you expected them by right. My children, have good sense and goodness beyond respect toward the Creator of the world. You are small, capricious children who presume, without any merit, what you desire.
I love you so much and intercede at every moment for each of you, but I ask you, from the bottom of my heart, to realize, when you pray to whom you are asking graces and sometimes miracles.
The Father and the Son send the Holy Spirit and you often do not recognize this intervention of God toward you.
I pray you, bend your knees. Even the priest, during the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, renders thanks by bending his knees. Dear children, take example from

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.581493
Retrieved Text: You know that arm moves—like shoulders, biceps, and triceps exercises—are a crucial part of your upper-body workout routine. But what about your chest muscles? It's pretty easy to neglect this area of your bod—but targeting your chest (aka pectoral) muscles can also help strengthen the rest of your arms and back, in addition to boosting your posture.
How to: Lie on your back, with your knees bent and feet placed flat on the ground. Hold a dumbbell in each hand, and extend your arms upward, palms facing toward your feet. Slowly bend your arms and lower your them to the side, parallel with your shoulders, until your elbows nearly touch the ground. Slowly reverse the movement and return to start. That's one rep. Complete as many reps as possible in 50 seconds.
How to: Lie on your back, with your knees bent and feet placed flat on the ground. Hold a dumbbell in each hand, and extend your arms upward, palms facing toward each other. Keeping a slight bend in your elbows, lower your arms to the side of your body, parallel with your shoulders, until your hands are about six inches off the ground. Slowly reverse the movement and return to start. That's one rep. Complete as many reps as possible in 50 seconds.
How to: Lie on your back, with your knees bent and feet placed flat on the ground. Hold a dumbbell in each hand, and extend your arms upward, palms facing toward each other. Keeping the weights together, bend your elbows and bring your hands

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.549103
Retrieved Text: Lie back and keep your involved leg straight.
Bend your other leg from the knee and try to lift your involved leg up to 6 inches from the ground.
Extending your both legs can create immense pressure at your back. Take care of that.
Tighten the muscles on the front of your thigh by pushing back your knee down toward the floor.
Hold the position at the count of five and release. Relax.
Bend both of your ankles up and point your toes toward you.
Start rotating your feet clockwise and anti-clockwise without changing the position of your toes.
Here you also need to lay flat on your back.
Slide your legs sidewise, keeping your kneecap pointed upward.
Then get back to the starting position.
Try to bend your knees as much as possible.
When you get the motion, try to increase stretching and hold the position for 60 seconds.
Take a chair and sit.
Bend your legs so that those reach underneath the chair.
Now, bend your knees as much as possible.
Hold for five second and relax.
Place a chair in front of you at opposing facing position (facing towards you).
Now, stretch your involved leg on that chair for 10 seconds.
Bring back your leg to the former position and relax.
Keep a rolled blanket under your knee.
Keep the lower leg straighten for 5 seconds.
Lower your leg and relax.
These are few exercises you can try after knee replacement. But, you can only attain this after consulting your surgeon and under the guidance of physiotherapist.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.505033
Retrieved Text: The ancient Chinese martial art of Tai Chi has sometimes been referred to as a moving meditation because of its flowing, gentle movements and focus on remaining present. Tai Chi's proponents have long lauded the practice for its mental and physical benefits, such as decreased stress, a stronger immune system and increased flexibility. However, A 2009 study published in the "Arthritis & Rheumatism" journal indicates that Tai Chi also reduces physical impairment and pain in the knees.
If you want your knees to experience the full benefits of Tai Chi exercises, first practice proper alignment. Picture your ankles as a pedestal that supports the rest of your body. If they're not aligned, your feet and legs won't be, either. If your feet roll inward, the movement will cause pronation, which may lead to knee pressure, pain and injury. Find proper alignment by cupping the soles of your feet upward to form an arch shape, while rolling your ankles outward at the same time, says David Walls-Kaufmann of Capitol Hill Tai Chi.
Once you've gotten that alignment down, apply a bit of friction to loosen your knees. Sit in a chair and stretch one leg out. Hold your hands stiffly and vertically -- pretend you're making the number "11" with them -- and place one on either side of the kneecap of your outstretched leg. Rub your hands firmly in opposite directions, applying pressure that's vigorous enough to create a feeling of warmth from friction. Shake your patella back and forth, up and down, creating a plus-sign pattern. This

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.46487
Retrieved Text: Four simple, effective exercises are all you need for fat burning and all over body toning. These moves use bodyweight for resistance and they are simple and convenient but still challenging.
Begin with your hands on the floor directly underneath your shoulders and keep your body in a straight line. Bend your elbows out to the sides and lower yourself towards the floor. Keep your body in line, hold for a second and push up again.
Keep your body upright with your feet hip-width apart, place your weight into your heels and bend your knees, lowering yourself as if you are sitting in a chair. Stop when your knees are at 90 degrees. Push back up into your starting position.
Sit on the edge of a chair and place your hands behind your hips. Slide your bottom just off the front of the chair and walk your feet forward. Make sure your hands are secure so you don’t slip. Your upper body will be straight with your head centered between your shoulders. Slowly bend your elbows, lowering your body downwards until your upper arms are parallel to the floor. Push back up again.
With this exercise, your body stays in one position. Plant your hands under your shoulders as though you’re going to do a pushup. Ground your toes into the floor and squeeze your glutes. Don’t lock your knees. Look at a spot on the floor at about a foot beyond your hands, making sure your head is in line with your back. Hold for 20 seconds.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.452147
Retrieved Text: From slowing your heart rate to giving it a power-building boost, yoga is an all-embracing way to help keep your ticker happy.
Many poses are so simple you might have been doing them for years without knowing they are yoga shapes. Just add some slow and full breathing, and you’re practicing the ancient art. Almost any pose is good for your heart in some way because yoga relaxes your mind and body, keeping stress at bay. Still, every pose has its own special benefits. Below are three that offer distinct features that speak to your heart, whether it needs a break from racing or a bit of revving.
Mitra Malek has been a yoga teacher since 2006 and is a former senior editor of Yoga Journal.
Lie on your back with your arms at your sides. Bend your knees so that your feet are parallel and hip-width apart, just ahead of your buttocks. Press down through your feet, arms and palms, lifting your hips. Keep your knees in line with your hips, neck neutral. Start each inhale with expansion in the belly, then the rib cage and finally the chest. Take 5–10 breaths.
Benefit: Breathe more easily. Stretching the muscles of your chest and between the ribs allows you to inhale and exhale completely, regulating your heartbeat.
Stand with your feet a little wider than hip-width apart, arms at your sides. Inhale and lengthen your spine by lifting the crown of your head. Keep your shoulders down. Exhale and bend slightly through the knees, folding forward from the hips. You can

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.43798
Retrieved Text: Welcome to our Smith Machine Romanian Deadlifts Exercise Instruction Guide!
On this page you'll learn how to do this version of the Romanian Deadlift using the correct technique. Below you'll find pictures, exercise instructions, and tips on how to get the most out of this and other Leg Exercises so you can immediately add to your Leg Workouts.
Smith Machine Romanian Deadlifts are our only variation of deadlifts that use a Smith Machine to ensure proper range of motion. Because it is a variation of the Romanian Deadlift, you will only lower the weight to the top of your shins rather than all the way to the floor like you do during the Barbell Deadlifts. Also, you will only slightly bend your knees at rather than bending to a ninety (90) degree angle.
Like most of our deadlifts, Smith Machine Romanian Deadlifts are a great exercise to lose weight or gain muscle mass. To see the rest of the best exercises for these fitness goals, view all of our Fat Burning Exercises andStrength Training Exercises.
Stand in front the Smith Machine, with the bar at arms length in front of your. Your feet should be shoulder width apart under the bar.
Grasp the bar with a shoulder width overhand grip and unhook it from the machine.
Bend your knees slightly, keeping your hips and back straight and lift the bar straight up concentrating on using your hips as you stand. When you are standing the bar should be resting against your thighs.This is the starting position.
Lower the bar by pushing your hips

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.434984
Retrieved Text: Let’s sweat and get toned arms in 8 simple but effective moves! This is my go-to routine to sculpt those arms in time for tank top season. This circuit is perfect for a quick but targeted workout. Let’s do this together!
Set Up: Kneel on a mat, feet straight behind you and then place your palms flat on the floor about a foot and a half in front of your knees. Have your back flat and weight equally on your hands and knees.
Inhale and bring your stomach in, arching your back upward. Look back toward your knees as you push your belly button up. Exhale and push your belly button back to the floor, arching your back and looking up.
Set Up: Kneel on a mat with your feet straight out behind you. Lean forward and place your hands on the ground about three feet away from your keens. Keep your arms straight and your back straight so your body is in a straight line from your head to your knees.
Lift your left hand and bring your palm straight up to your shoulder, twisting slightly to the left as you raise your hand. Bring your hand back down and repeat with your right hand.
Do 15 reps with one rep being a hand raise with both your left and right hands.
Set Up: Stand with your feet shoulder width apart, body straight. Hold a small dumbbell in each hand by your sides.
Raise your arms out to the sides, pointing the dumbbells upward. When the dumbbells reach shoulder height, slowly lower

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.35036
Retrieved Text: Got specific body goals? This quick workout will train your muscles to work for you 24/7.
The simple act of moving more can help you lose weight, and feel fantastic. But to reach your healthy living goals—from running a 5K to keeping up with your kids on vacation—you need a targeted fitness plan that includes muscle-sculpting strength moves.
Below you'll find an exclusive action plan with exercises that tone a key area of your body. More good news—it requires no fancy equipment, and just 30 minutes (or less) of your time.
This zero-gear workout was designed by David Otey, a personal training manager at Equinox Sports Club in New York City. "Strength training increases your metabolism, helps you feel more energised, and decreases stress on your joints," he says.
Learning these basic movement patterns strengthens multiple muscles at once. And, thanks to the built-in cardio bursts, this workout burns fat, too. That’s key, because you won’t be able to see definition if your muscles are covered by the soft stuff.
Strength plus confidence: it’s going to look great on you! Let's get started.
Do each move in order, performing 1 minute of cardio (marching in place, jumping jacks, or jumping rope) between exercises. That’s 1 round. Complete 2 or 3 rounds, taking time to catch your breath between each one. Do this workout 3 times a week.
-Stand with feet slightly wider than shoulders, and arms extended at shoulder height in front of you, palms toward the floor.
-Push hips back and bend knees, keeping back straight and squatting until thighs are parallel to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.348272
Retrieved Text: The hamstrings and buttocks are two muscle groups that share a similar function: hip extension. The hamstrings comprise four muscles: the biceps femoris short head, biceps femoris long head, semitendinosus and semimembranosus. The first of these muscles is the only part of the hamstrings that does not work to extend the hip. The buttocks comprise three muscle groups: the gluteus maximus, gluteus medius and gluteus minimus. The first of these muscles makes up the majority of the buttocks, and is the only glute muscle that works to extend the hip. So, to strengthen the hamstrings and buttocks, you should spend most of your time working the hip extension actions of the larger muscles. For each exercise, perform three sets of 10 repetitions.
Place the dumbbells on the ground shoulder-width apart, bend your hips and knees, and grasp the dumbbells.
Extend your knees and hips, raising the dumbbells off the ground, until your body is upright.
Bend your knees and hips until you lower the dumbbells to the ground.
Hold the barbell and stand with your body upright, keeping your legs straight.
Bend your hips, bringing the barbell downward, until your back is parallel to the floor.
Extend your hips, bringing the barbell upward, until your body is upright.
Position your thighs on the machine pads and position your feet on the foot platform.
Bend your hips to lower your torso until you are perpendicular to the machine.
Extend your hips to raise your torso until you return to the beginning position.
In addition to working the larger muscles of the hamstrings and buttocks, do exercises for

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.347357
Retrieved Text: You use (and abuse) your knees every day. Keep them pain-free by working these moves into your routine.
Whether you're a gym rat or you simply have a rigorous walking routine, your knees take a pounding day to day. What's more, women are more likely to experience knee pain than men. Blame it on our wider hips—that anatomical fact leads to more stress. Plus, it has been reported that female hormones, such as estrogen, seem to weaken the ligaments around the knees. With the odds stacked against us, it's crucial that we take the steps necessary to injury-proof one of the most important parts of our bodies. Add a few of these key exercises to your next workout routine to help keep your knees ready for action.
Using your right hand for support (hold the back of a chair, the wall, or even a tree trunk) shift your weight to your right leg. Slowly bend and lift your left knee, engaging your hamstring to bring your lower leg high behind you (as shown); lower your foot. Do 20 reps and then switch legs.
Stand at arm's length away from a wall. Place your right foot behind your left foot. With your hands against the wall for support, slowly bend your left knee forward, keeping your right knee straight, your right heel on the floor, and your left knee above your left foot. Hold for about 30 seconds. Switch legs and repeat.
Lie on your left side, hips and feet stacked. Place your left forearm on the floor for support and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.333225
Retrieved Text: • The lower hand must touch the ice.
• Both skate boots much touch to conform to eachother.
• Notice how lifted skate boot follows the contour of the other leg and skate boot.
• Your back and head must follow a relatively straight line.
• Torso is slightly forward.
• Your head may not face down.
• You must have a fair amount of space between your knees - approximately two fists distance. Just make sure your knees aren't together.
• Angle of knee bend must be a minimum of approximately 25°-30° degrees.
• Simply stated: you must have some decent knee bend.
• Raised foot is not forward of the knee, nor is it to the back of the knee.
• Basically, if your foot looks like it's sticking way out, it is failing.
• Your back & head may not lean forward as depicted below.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.314466
Retrieved Text: Trying to melt that muffin top or love handles? These cardio moves burn maximum calories while targeting abs to help you blast belly fat faster! Do this workout as a cardio routine, or as an add-on to a strength training session up to four non-consecutive days a week to get six-pack results. And, of course, don’t forget to pair your workouts with a healthy and lean diet for more visible abs.
Fire up your abs, and burn off some extra calories with this “climbing” cardio move! Start with your feet together and arms extended overhead. Begin jogging in place, open your knees wide to sides of your body pulling the left elbow down as the left knee lifts up, and then right elbow to the right knee. Alternate sides as quickly as possible for up to 60 seconds.
Too challenging? Start with just the wide-legged jog. Your abs still have to work hard to help lift your knees towards the sides of your torso while you run.
This dynamic exercise targets the abdominal wall and the obliques while keeping your heart rate elevated. Start in a full plank position, feet together, shoulders over hands, abs braced in tightly at your sides. Bend your knees, and jump your feet in toward your right hand keeping your knees together (aim knees toward right elbow). Quickly, jump your feet back out to full plank position. That’s one rep. Repeat, alternating sides each time, for 20 repetitions.
Too challenging? Instead of jumping your feet in toward your hands, try quickly stepping one foot in

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: The word "buy" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: $50 won't even buy a dress.
Sentence 2: FMC has bought 565.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.768904
Retrieved Text: Weybosset Research & Management LLC lowered its position in shares of FMC Corp (NYSE:FMC) by 1.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned 86,288 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 955 shares during the period. FMC comprises about 3.9% of Weybosset Research & Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 10th biggest position. Weybosset Research & Management LLC owned about 0.07% of FMC worth $6,629,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.
Other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Boston Partners lifted its stake in shares of FMC by 40.9% in the 4th quarter. Boston Partners now owns 5,769,261 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $426,695,000 after purchasing an additional 1,673,988 shares during the period. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA bought a new position in shares of FMC in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $89,432,000. Millennium Management LLC grew its holdings in shares of FMC by 548.6% in the fourth quarter. Millennium Management LLC now owns 866,479 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $64,085,000 after acquiring an additional 1,059,618 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of FMC in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $64,447,000. Finally, Locust Wood Capital Advisers LLC bought a new position in shares of FMC in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $25,056,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 90.64% of the company’s stock.
In other FMC news,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.468338
Retrieved Text: Being pregnant, I keep complaining to my husband that nothing fits me. My beloved skinny jeans are a tad bit tight around my waist and even my tees are too snug. What am I supposed to do, wear my bikini for 9 months? With that said, I'm giving myself a $50 budget this month to buy a few things that actually fit. The one and only store I know that my $50 will stretch is Forever 21... and I was right!
The first dress I went searching for was a little black dress, I don't have one and I'll need one now and after my baby is born. The Silky Self-Tie Back Dress for $12.00 is a great choice for summer because it's light weight and has a cute cut-out design in the back.
As for the next dress, I found inspiration from my style icon Princess Kate. Going through the style pages I have on her, I noticed Kate wears mostly blue but does own some red pieces too. That's why the Cutout Back Dress in wine for $11.50 is a great choice for someone who doesn't like red or doesn't want to just jump right into color. The wine color isn't too deep and isn't too bright and for under $12, how could you not want to jump on that offer?
For something more muted and for girls who like basic colors, the Racerback Woven Dress for $12.50 is a great find. I like this simple dress because you wear it dressed up with a moto jacket

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.244576
Retrieved Text: Turn the club into your own personal runway with these fun and flirty frocks.
There are more than a handful of occasions that warrant a new party dress. Whether it’s your birthday, you’ve got a hot date or you just need a confidence boost, a flirty frock is just the ticket. From chic lace options to edgy leather numbers, we rounded up the best places to find party dresses online.
Dance the night away in a dress that's cheaper than your bar tab.
Boohoo offers every style of dress under the sun, and it's constantly discounting its site for even more savings.
Prices as low as $10.
You'll be the life of the party in these attention-getting dresses.
A'GACI offers looks that are unique, but more importantly affordable. You can get a showstopping dress for $50 or less.
Embrace the energy of youth with a party dress from this cool California brand.
From flirty cut-out dresses to bodycon styles that hug your every curve, Forever 21 has you covered.
Mix up your going-out wardrobe with a pretty little dress from this fast-fashion retailer.
Pretty Little Thing offers lots of flirty, feminine dresses in lace, floral, leather and beyond.
This Australian retailer knows how to party, whether the invite says formal or casual.
For on-trend, affordable options you won't be able to pass up, shop Showpo.
When you shop for dresses here, you won't be restricted to a single brand.
Besides its own label, ASOS stocks dresses from a variety of lines and designers including Free People, Ted Baker and more.
Bring a touch of sass to your closet with this collection

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.93762
Retrieved Text: Spring is here, although it might not seem that way with all the rain we've been getting lately, but we need it so no complaints! With the warmer weather comes all of the new spring fashion and footwear trends and one of my favorites this season are wedges! I'm not the only one who thinks that either! Rack Room Shoes fashion experts have identified wedges as a 2015 spring trend. This makes me so happy because I love wearing heels but I won't lie, they kill my feet and I can't walk very well in them but wedges are so much easier for me and so much more comfortable! I even feel comfortable wearing them when pregnant! Plus Rack Room Shoes is known for it's everyday "Buy One Get One 50% Off" promotion on all styles and top brands so you can get yourself some new wedges this spring and get someone else in your family a pair too! Or just yourself, I won't tell anyone.
I especially love my Limelight Zena wedges because they have so much texture to them. I love when different textures are mixed, it almost effortlessly adds so much more to an outfit. Plus it makes it easy to dress these wedges up or dress them down. I can't wait to see what other outfits I can pair these wedges with!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.181704
Retrieved Text: Wedding dresses on a budget - imported, hired or second hand?
We're spreading our wings a little bit on The Cheap Engagement Rings Guide to look at other money saving ideas for weddings.
Wedding dresses compete with diamond rings in terms of baffling choices for the potential bride, with thousands of options and prices ranging from £50 or less, up to several thousand pounds if it's appeared with a designer label on it.
If you're currently sitting in the car and crying into smartphone after seeing the prices in a local wedding dress boutique...fear not, there are cheaper alternatives.
Firstly, there's the option of either importing a wedding dress from abroad, or buying a much cheaper dress online. It won't surprise you to realise that eBay and Amazon are good starting points, but you do need to be willing to sift through thousands of options and do a bit of research.
My preference is Amazon, as you can filter by user ratings out of 5. Sure, you will probably sift out some good quality dresses, but that's not a big problem when you are starting with 250,000 results for the phrase 'wedding dress' (yes, that a quarter of a million).
You may end up needing to get some tailoring or adjusting done, but if you've paid £100 for the dress rather than £1000 then you will hopefully have some budget to spare.
The next option is to buy second hand. Again, it's a question of being willing to sift through thousands of dresses to find the best ones. Sold prices on eBay range

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.17023
Retrieved Text: Bundle of 4 dresses - buy more, save even more! Please see individual listing for more details on each dress. All four dresses should roughly fit the same size person, though with some variation: two dresses are form-hugging and two are A-line and more flowy. Great dresses for weddings, cocktail parties, brunch, and all your festive occasions! Please feel free to reach out with questions and offers!
BOGO! Items $15 & under: buy one, get one 50% off!
Navy Floral Mini Dress!! Never Worn! NWOT!
Bailey 44 Black Dress!! Dress up or Down!
Bailey 44 Green/Black Adorable Dress!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.928194
Retrieved Text: This morning, Meghan Markle returned to the Hubb Community Kitchen to visit Grenfell Tower victims and celebrate the funds they raised for Together: Our Community Cookbook (over 40,000 copies have been sold in the U.K., you can buy it here). Meghan created the cookbook with the women for her first charity initiative, which aims to show "the power of cooking as a community, and the recipes that allow us to connect, share, and look forward," she wrote in the cookbook's emotional foreword.
During the visit, Meghan helped prepare 200 meals for the local community in a gorgeous velvet Club Monaco dress, which—surprise—isn't sold out yet and retails for $228. The dress, much more formal than the Safiyaa beaded dress she wore the other day, is perfect for the holidays too.
Though you probably won't be able to rush ship it in time for Thanksgiving dinner tomorrow, there's still amazing news—the dress is currently on sale for Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Club Monaco is hosting 25 percent off $150+, 30 percent off $250+, and 35 percent off $400+ using the code: CMBLACKFRIDAY18, so technically the dress will be over $50 off.
And if you're feeling Meghan's coat too, that's also by Club Monaco and comes in light heather grey and camel. It's over $100 off (!) with the sale.
Thanks for the holiday inspo, Meg.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.849758
Retrieved Text: I sometimes work at a vintage shop, and sometimes women will buy vintage wedding dresses, saying "I'm not even engaged, but I know that this is my dress!". After seeing so many beautiful dresses from the 30s and up, I know I won't be buying mine new.
Wow-- how amazing is that??
Thanks for sharing this, Sara! I just can't believe the finds I've seen on ebay since I started looking. There are so many amazing dresses listed! Even if you can't try them on, how far wrong can you go for $25?
I am OBSESSED with that first dress.
What terrific prices and great looking dresses!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.670404
Retrieved Text: This dress was the one I fell in love with! It was double what I wanted to spend on a dress but I couldn't get it out of my head! Zofie is an incredible dress which almost fitted me perfectly so we just took it in slightly (about 1/2 a cm) on each side near my waist. The length was perfect so it didn't need to be taken up. I bought it knowing I was spending more than I wished and I knew I would sell it straight after and make someone else's day amazing by getting such a great dress at such a good price!
The dress is made with tulle, lace, thread embroidery and gemstone embroidery appliqués. Sweetheart bodice with sheer overlay in illusion tulle decorated with appliqués. Skirt with tulle and lace frills. I wanted something dramatic and this dress had it all! Shear neckline and incredible tulle layers of skirt that have a dramatic train. I got them to insert a hook to have it hooked up when I danced and it looked amazing up and was easy to walk and move in.
I looked everywhere for a second hand one and couldn't get it so I bought it new, I know that if you looking for a dress and you try this on it will change everything. After trying on zofie nothing else compared and even the tulle and material that was on the inside of the dress felt expensive and no other dress looked even close in comparison.
Don't buy a dress for

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.555826
Retrieved Text: Pretty please check that your order is correct. All prices are in USD. INTERNATIONAL CUSTOMERS: Your order may be subject to border taxes.
Lagoon: Mossy greens and watery blues.
The original exercise dress by Nuu-Muu.
FEATURES - Flattering A-Line with nothing built in for maximum versatility. Covers most sports bras.
FABRIC - Blend of silky polyester (83%) and 4-way-stretch spandex (17%). NOT see-through (keeps your secrets, even wet). Breathable, moisture wicking & quick dry. Won't wrinkle & doesn't show sweat. SPF 50+.
CARE﻿ - Machine wash, hang dry, avoid velcro.
SEWN IN USA - Every dress, every time.
Travel dress, exercise dress, athletic dress, running dress, beach dress, work dress, party dress - this dress does it all, beautifully.
Sign up and receive $10 off your first order. Yippee!
Thank you for visiting - and welcome! If this is your first visit, we hope you are tempted to join the community of strong and amazing women who wear Nuu-Muu on their life adventures. We are here for you and we are here because of you. Don't hesitate to contact us if you need to chat!
Sign up to receive occasional warm and fuzzies and receive $10 off your first order!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.388788
Retrieved Text: On 10 November 2017, a press conference was held by the State Council Information Office to introduce the economic topics covered by PRC President Xi and US President Trump during their recent summit meeting. The Vice Finance Minister Mr. Zhu Guangyao took this opportunity to announce the highly significant news that China will further open up its banking, insurance, securities, futures and fund industries to foreign investors. Mr. Zhu stated that one of the new policies will be an initial lifting of the limit on foreign shareholding in publicly-offered securities investment fund management companies ("FMC") from 49% to 51%, with the foreign shareholding limit being totally removed after a three-year period. That means after such a three- year period, an FMC may be a wholly foreign owned enterprise ("WFOE").
We can expect this radical new policy will be implemented by the State Council and relevant competent authorities within a very specific and certain timeline.
Unlike the private fund management ("PFM") license which has been available to a WFOE since 30 June 20161, an FMC could be considered as a full license in the asset management area. An FMC, in addition to being engaged in publicly-offered fund management business, will be permitted at the same time to conduct segregated account management business, and can set up a subsidiary to specialize in alternative investment, a subsidiary to specialize in private equity investment and a subsidiary to carry out fund distribution business. An FMC may apply for the QDII license and quota when certain criteria have been met, which allows the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.292446
Retrieved Text: I see that the FF 777 uses AIRAC 1202 which is old. I bought Navdatapro which says it can update the FF 777. I installed it and I haven't seen any changes in the sim. The FMC still says AIRAC 1202. Please help.
please look here for detailed infos. Configure your NavDataPro in that described way.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.18573
Retrieved Text: Are you browsing for 737 Fmc User Guide Books? Now, you will be happy that at this time 737 Fmc User Guide PDF is available at our online library. With our complete resources, you could find 737 Fmc User Guide PDF or just found any kind of Books for your readings everyday.
We have managed to get easy for you to find a PDF Books without any stress. By storing or accessing 737 Fmc User Guide Books on your computer, your have found the answers. Or you could find another books in our online collections that related with 737 Fmc User Guide.PDF.
As the leading, number #1 books library which has many kind of different eBooks in the database, you can discover any specific books that you want to read online today. There are many kind of brands, niches, or categories that related with 737 Fmc User Guide. All depends on what exactly books that you are looking for.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.038399
Retrieved Text: PHILADELPHIA (AP) _ FMC Corp. (FMC) on Monday reported fourth-quarter earnings of $32.4 million.
The Philadelphia-based company said it had net income of 24 cents per share. Earnings, adjusted to account for discontinued operations and non-recurring costs, were $1.69 per share.
The chemical producer posted revenue of $1.22 billion in the period.
For the year, the company reported profit of $502.1 million, or $3.69 per share. Revenue was reported as $4.73 billion.
For the current quarter ending in April, FMC expects its per-share earnings to range from $1.58 to $1.68. Analysts surveyed by Zacks had forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.50.
The company said it expects revenue in the range of $1.18 billion to $1.21 billion for the fiscal first quarter.
FMC expects full-year earnings in the range of $5.55 to $5.75 per share, with revenue ranging from $4.45 billion to $4.55 billion.
FMC shares have risen 15 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has climbed 8 percent. In the final minutes of trading on Monday, shares hit $84.72, a climb of 2.5 percent in the last 12 months.
04/17 FMC CORPORATION : 's Andrew Sandifer to Speak at BMO 14th Annual Farm to Market ..
03/15 FMC CORPORATION : Announces Dates for First Quarter 2019 Earnings Release and We..
03/08 FMC : A preliminary proxy statement providing notification matters to be brought..
03/07 FMC CORP : Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets, Financial Stateme..

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.89248
Retrieved Text: One thing that makes me excited for fall is the fact that I get to wear my funky tights. This year I decided to get rid of most of my colored tights and set out to buy dark, printed ones instead. Vertical striped tights will elongate your legs, which is always a good thing.Wearing a very short dress won't hurt either. The tights were pretty loud by themselves but I decided to make this outfit even louder with a bright blue dress in a very basic cut. For some reason I really love this shade of blue for fall, though it's not your typical fall color.
ps: hope you passed your colored tights onto someone else!
and then there is that wonderful blue dress.....and fellow tights lover....... those tights are amazing on you........ I want them!
You are beautiful and your outfit ist gorgeous! Love the patterned tights very much! But what did you do with your colored tights? Did you throw them away?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.878256
Retrieved Text: Are you looking the best price for Skelapparel Plus Size 50's Retro Design Polka Dot Party Swing Dress and you want to get great deals & best buy this product? Or you want to find some reviews from people who have used this product before you buy it?
You are at the right place. I'll give you some tips before you decide to buy Skelapparel Plus Size 50's Retro Design Polka Dot Party Swing Dress. So you are not disappointed after buying it and in accordance with the product you need.
You can also find price comparisons from sellers, so you really get the best price currently for the Skelapparel Plus Size 50's Retro Design Polka Dot Party Swing Dress.
If you are interested in buying Skelapparel Plus Size 50's Retro Design Polka Dot Party Swing Dressyou may try to find full description and product details.
Interest to Buy This Product? Check our store for more information and get special offers for Skelapparel Plus Size 50's Retro Design Polka Dot Party Swing Dress.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.828373
Retrieved Text: Beautifully engraved certificate from the FMC Corporation issued in 1976-1977. This historic document was printed by the American Banknote Company and has an ornate border around it with a vignette of allegorical men. This item has the printed signatures of the Company’s President and Secretary and is over 25 years old.
Feeding the world, protecting health, and providing the conveniences of life is the mission of FMC. FMC maintains leading positions in three chemical markets: Agricultural, Specialty, and Industrial.
Ever since their beginning in California in 1883 when John Bean invented the first piston sprayer for agriculture, FMC has continued a proud heritage of pioneering solutions for our customers. Today, they use an array of advanced technologies in research and development, mining and manufacturing to produce customized products and solutions for the many markets they serve. FMC provides innovative and cost-effective solutions to food and agriculture, pharmaceutical, pulp and paper, textiles, glass and ceramics, rubber and plastics, lubricants, structural pest control, turf & ornamental markets, specialty and related industries.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.809664
Retrieved Text: How many passengers go in each car?
The Shelby GT500 Eleanor can fit up to 3 x passengers in the car with two fitting comfortably in the back and one in the front next to the driver.
The Tesla Model X 90D can fit up to 6 x passengers in the car with two fitting comfortably in the back, three in the middle and one in the front next to the driver.
Can brides get in the car ok with their wedding dress on?
We have done over 300 weddings now and none of our brides have ever had a problem with getting in and out of the car with their wedding dress no matter how big it is.
If I book your car does the time start when you leave your garage or when you arrive at my house?
If you book 3hrs and you want us to arrive at 12pm then you will have the cars until 3pm. We don't count the time it takes to drive from our garage to your house so if you book 3hrs you get that time with the cars.
Does the car have a white ribbon on the car for my wedding?
This is optional but we put the white ribbon on the cars for every wedding unless you request otherwise.
What is your methods of payment?
We accept PayPal, Bank Transfer or Credit Card and we even accept American Express.
Do you have other cars?
We have 3 x Shelby GT500 Eleanor's and 1 x Tesla Model X 90D but if you book your wedding with us then we

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.803991
Retrieved Text: A vital part of skating, practice time helps advance skating elements and make the most of your skating investment. This session is 40 minutes. Sessions must be used as scheduled.
Participants must be an FMC Skating Club member in good standing to use FMC Club Ice sessions. Prior to using sessions, skaters nmust sign in with FMC staff and provide payment for the sessions being used.
extended to all coaches. Please see Club brochures for more information.
information of the Program Supervisor to your location.
Thank you for preregistering for FMC Club Ice. We are excited for your commitment to your skating and hope that you find success! If the season you have preregistered for has a “no- session” date, a pass will be provided for a makeup. The pass can be used at any FMC facility and on any FMC Club session. The will be provided after Week 4.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.741425
Retrieved Text: FMC Corporation announced the launch of strategic growth initiatives that will allow the company to develop and commercialize chemistries and open new markets through partnerships in the company�s Specialty Products Business (SPB), which is a part of FMC�s Agricultural Products Group. SPB markets insecticides, miticides and herbicides for use by pest management, tree, lawn care and golf course professionals. Company officials outlined the growth plan during the annual PestWorld �04 convention and exposition sponsored by the National Pest Management Association.
FMC has signed development and distribution agreements with Nippon Soda Co. (Nisso) for exclusive access to acetamiprid in the U.S. termite and indoor and structural general household pest segments, in both the professional and consumer markets. Acetamiprid, which belongs to the neonicotinoid family of insecticides, was discovered and is wholly owned by Nippon Soda Co. Ltd. Acetamiprid has demonstrated activity against an array of pests of economic importance to the pest control industry, including termites, ants and roaches. FMC is actively developing new product concepts for all of these segments, and registration and launch for these products in the pest control segment is anticipated for the first half of 2005.
FMC will market a new insecticide, flonicamid, in nursery/landscape and greenhouse segments. The agreement with Ishihara Sangyo Kaisha (ISK) gives FMC exclusive rights to develop, market and distribute the insecticide in all the Americas except Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay and Uruguay. Flonicamid represents a new class of chemistry with a new mode of action that is effective against economically important and disease-transmitting pests in the greenhouse and nursery markets.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.704224
Retrieved Text: bu products let you be you, while you are living your life outdoors!
and uv apparel to protect you and your entire family!
Be the first to know about new arrivals, exclusive deals, and more!
Hate the feel of normal sunscreen? Try our white-sage scented SPF 30 that feels so lightweight you won't even know you're wearing it!
Boys need sunscreen too! Don't want our scented ones? Check out our fragrance free SPF 50!
wanting extra coverage? check out our UV apparel dress! It's a perfect lightweight coverup as well!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.664965
Retrieved Text: STM32F429 Discovery board has external 64Mbits or 8MBytes SDRAM chip ISSI IS42S16400.
STM32F429 has a FMC (Flexible Memory Control) peripheral to driving external SDRAM with hardware. FMC hardware is able to store up to 32bits variables at same time.
Note: This library does not work on STM32F4 Discovery, because this MCU does not have FMC peripheral.
8MByte is a lot for that microcontroller, but can be very useful if you are working with LCD (storing images, …) which can increase LCD’s refresh rate.
In Standard Peripheral libraries pack is also included FMC example for SDRAM. I modified settings for our board and make a simple library.
Function returns 1 if sdram was properly initialized, to check this, function just simple write data to SDRAM’s location and read it back. If they are the same, everything is OK.
For writing data to SDRAM I made 3 functions.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.56433
Retrieved Text: Manufacturer of integrated systems, embedded boards, enabling software and application-ready platforms, VadaTech, has announced the AMC583 dual FMC+ carrier and FMC250 ADC/DAC FMC+ module. By increasing the number of SERDES lanes available, FMC+ carriers and modules support higher I/O bandwidth, making improved use of the latest JESD204B-enabled signal conversion products. The AMC583 is an FPGA Dual FMC+ Carrier with Kintex UltraScale XCKU115 and P2040.
The double-module AMC provides a capable I/O processing engine, with a large UltraScale FPGA coupled to two FMC+ sites and supported by an on-board quad-core P2040 processor. The XCKU115 FPGA has over 5,500 DSP slices and is supported by 8GB of DDR4 (over two banks each 32-bits wide). The dual FMC+ sites on the AMC583 accept FMCs from VadaTech’s extensive range of data acquisition, networking and RF units, and other third party VITA-57.4 compliant modules.
The FMC250 utilises dual AD9625 ADCs providing 12-bit conversion rates of up to 2.6 GSPS and a single DAC (AD9162 or AD9164) providing 16-bit conversion rate of up to 12 GSPS. The analogue input, digital output, clock and trigger interfaces of the FMC250 are routed via SSMC connectors. The internal clock frequency is programmable and the clock is capable of locking to an external reference.
MicroTCA provides a powerful and flexible alternative to VPX for cost-sensitive and SWAP-constrained applications.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.538946
Retrieved Text: Everyone needs a few hundred rounds of ammunition stored up for a rainy day, so why not go ahead a buy a whole case?
This ammunition is manufactured by Magtech, a Brazilian company, with ties to other manufactures around the world. Each round is loaded with a 115 grain FMJ bullet, using a Boxer primed brass casing, and is ideal for range training and pistol competitions. This ammo will produce mild recoil in full size 9mm pistols and moderate but manageable recoil in compact and sub-compact pistols.
Self defense experts agree that if you carry a firearm for protection, then you should routinely practice with that firearm to maintain at least a base level of proficiency.
Glock 19, 5000rd, ZERO FTF, ZERO FTE.
Canik TP9SA, 5000rd, ZERO FTF, only 1 FTE.
Taurus 709s, 2500rd, ZERO FTF, ZERO FTE.
Hi-P 995TS, 3000rd, only 1 FTF, ZERO FTE.
KelTec Sub2000 gen 2, 4500rd, ZERO FTF, ZERO FTE.
We attempted to keep the choice of guns in the "$500 and under" range we'd expect most average people to be able to afford.
I really like it and the price is pretty good too!
Great processing speed and product.
Speed of delivery was great. Everything was smooth in the order process. I have never had a problem with this ammo. I ended up saving $26 on my order as compared to the local shops. I wish it was more as this is only $0.026 per round, but after 10,000 rounds this savings will be $260.
I shot the ammo at a range and my weapons worked great.
Great shopping experience with Bulk Ammo

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.517282
Retrieved Text: Quad Stayer: FMC EQ s/n 977.
Gluer: FMC 405 24” Roll s/n 2310, Conveyor: FMC 18”.Wrapper: HNS FMC/Beuerle &amp; Crockett , s/n 3061 w/ HF Stokes feed. Extension edge rollers.
Quad Stayer: FMC/Kingsbury &amp; Davis 3LSU s/n 695.
Gluer: FMC 405-c 24” Roll simulated loose wrap s/n 3041-r selective., Conveyor: FMC 18”.Wrapper: HNS FMC/Beuerle & Crockett, s/n 1373 w/ HF Stokes feed.
Quad Stayer: FMC mdl EQ-2 s/n 2581 Gluer: FMC 405 25 ½”” Roll s/n 2143.
Conveyor: FMC 26”.Wrapper: BNS FMC/Beuerle & Crockett, s/n 1851 w/ BF Stokes Feed.
Quad Stayer: FMC EQ-2 s/n 2580 5” tape.
Gluer: FMC 405 s/n 4095. Conveyor: FMC 26”.Wrapper: FMC B s/n 1731 w/BF Stokes Feed, Small box plunger.
Quad Stayer: FMC EQ-2 s/n 2154.
Gluer: FMC 405 s/n 2871.
FMC B w/ Stokes Feed.
Quad Stayer: FMC EQ-2 s/n 1086.
Gluer: FMC 405 s/n 1745.
Wrapper: FMC B s/n 1540 w/ Stokes feed.
Quad: FMC EQ-2 s/n 2132.
Gluer: FMC 405 s/n 2937.
Wrapper: FMC h s/n 3184 w/ HF Stokes Feed 1052.
Quad Stayer: FMC EQ-2 s/n 2131.
Gluer: FMC 405 s/n 2936.
Wrapper: FMC h s/n 3183 w Stokes Feed 1051.
Flange Bender: FMC CB s/n 323.
Conveyor: FMC mdl D s/n 1394.
Wrapper: FMC d-p s/n 1394.
Flange Bender: FMC CB s/n 272.
Gluer: FMC 406 s/n 2646.
Wrapper: FMC D s/n 1340 d.
Flange Bender: FMC CB s/n 307.
Gluer: FMC 406 s/n 2674.
Wrapper: FMC D s/n 1367df.
Flange Bender: FMC CB s/n 330.
Mobil Quad: FMC 3BAAF s/n 612.
Quad Conveyor: Stokes &amp; Smith 4” s/n 433.
Gluer: FMC 405-C s/n 2712-r.
Wrapper: FMC D s/n 1403.
Gluer: Stokes &amp; Smith 404 s/n HK1648 Selective.
Conveyor: Stokes &amp; Smith 21”.
Wrapper: High Production/Crockett Alpha s/n 296.
Gluer: FMC 405

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.509487
Retrieved Text: Get up to 60% off Men's Offers when you activate this discount voucher at House of Fraser.
Get up to 50% off Women's Offers when you activate this discount promo at House of Fraser.
Get up to 50% off sale items at House of Fraser. Shop some of your favorite top brands.
Get Standard UK Delivery from £4.99 at House of Fraser.
House of Fraser (HoF) is an internationally recognised department store that has fulfilled client requests for more than 150 years. HoF supplies premium apparel for all occasions, and its clothing and accessories inventory is sure to complement individuals of all styles and personalities. And with HoF's discount codes and promotions, shoppers can pick up quality products time and time again.
Get 30% off Selected Furniture at House of Fraser.
Get 20% off selected dinnerware ranges from Linea China at House of Fraser.
Get free Next Day delivery on all orders over £85 at House of Fraser.
Works sitewide. Get £5 off all orders over £30 at House of Fraser.
Get 20% off Warehouse Item orders at House of Fraser.
Works sitewide. Get 20% off on your 1st order at House of Fraser.
Get 20% off Biba Range orders at House of Fraser.
Get 15% off Polarn O. Pyret Kidswear at House of Fraser.
Get 15% off full price POP clothing at House of Fraser.
Get 20% off Womenswear & Accessories at House of Fraser.
House of Fraser (HoF) has been a leading supplier of men's, women's and children's apparel for more than a century. It prioritizes quality clothing and accessories at budget-friendly rates. And with HoF's exceptional discount codes

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.473919
Retrieved Text: For petite girls I think Maxi dresses are an especially difficult item to find and incorporate into one's wardrobe. Simply because maxi dresses are usually just as tall as me! However, when I saw this dress from Club Monaco, I knew I had to have it. Last summer they released this same dress in both black and navy, but the Cooper dress sold out while I was being indecisive.
Unfortunately, I purchased this one full price, but a couple of months later, while there were still plenty of them, they all went on sale. From full price to $99 and then an additional 20% off. OUCH. MY WALLET. The only thing I can do to console my soul, or weep even more about dry cleaning bills, is the fact that its 100% silk. Club Monaco currently have two models of the Cooper Dress Available in Colbalt and in a pattern for $269 which you guys can view: here!
My mantra has always been simple with details of interest! Although the dress is very simple with it's design and rounded neck, it has a cute little bow, keyhole at the back! The Cooper Dress also has little straps at the shoulders that allow you to snap your bra into place, just so you won't have any embarrassing strap issues.
The length of the dress is great for me at 5'3, although I am pushing it, I can get away with flats and heels. However, I did have the dress tailored to adjust the width. Even though the length was great

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.47287
Retrieved Text: FMC Technologies, Inc. is an energy services firm that delivers technology solutions for the energy industry. The company has about 16,100 employees and operates 27 production facilities in 16 countries. Designs, manufactures and provides repair services technologically sophisticated systems and products such as systems for subsea production and processing systems wellhead surface control equipment fluids under high pressure, measurement solutions and marine loading systems for the oil and gas industry. In 2015 the company signed an agreement to supply equipment ultradeep waters to the state energy company Petrobras. Under the terms, FMC will deliver five subsea manifolds for Petrobras pre-salt program in 2015. FMC Technologies is headquartered in Houston, Texas.
FMC Technologies Energy offers variety of job opportunities including areas Administrative, Internships, Finance & Accounting, Marketing / Publicity / Advertising, Sales, Sales Planning. Whether you’re professional in Administrative, Accounting and Finance, Engineering, Human Resources, Information Technology / Services, Legal & Contracts, Logistics & Supply Chain, Marketing & Business Development, Production (Assembly, Operators, Planners), Marketing and Trading and any other areas, there is a career opportunities for you at FMC Technologies Energy.
FMC Technologies Energy provides employees with competitive pay and comprehensive benefits program that will allow you to develop professionally and reach long-term goals of the race. The balance of Work / Life is encouraged at FMC Technologies Energy and the offers several programs like “live like work” that offers advice, referrals and resources on parenting, career planning, family care and leaves of operation (planning) education. Other benefits include flexible work arrangements with supervisor approval, adoption assistance and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.393599
Retrieved Text: This article was first published in the November 2016 issue of the FMC Bulletin. It is written by long serving FMC executive and trust member Phil Glasson. To donate to the Trust, visit its the Trust page on the FMC Website.
The first mention of a trust for FMC is recorded in the AGM minutes of 1977 when the meeting resolved “That the incoming Executive investigate the establishing of a Mountain Trust Fund”. The minutes show that this was moved by Arnold Heine and seconded by Nick Jennings so it is reasonable to regard them as the “Fathers of the Trust”. Arnold later joined the Trust Board in 1995 and served as a Board member for 18 years.
The gestation period was prolonged and it was not until July 1985 that a deed was finally prepared. The original deed is dated 14 July 1985 but it was a further four years until, on 16 May 1989, the Trust was registered with Registrar of Incorporated Societies and IRD as a Charitable Trust. The Trust came into being to provide an alternative source of funding to help meet the objectives of FMC and to enable people to make donations which would in turn attract the tax rebate for charitable donations. The first funds came from an appeal to FMC Clubs and a donation from the Fletcher Challenge Trust. The 1987 accounts show an equity of $3700, by 1989 it was $17,000 and 10 years later it had reached $65,000. Over the first 15 years of the 21 st Century donations

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.357462
Retrieved Text: Current and historical return on investment (ROI) values for FMC (FMC) over the last 10 years.
FMC Corporation is a diversified chemical company serving agricultural, consumer and industrial markets globally with innovative solutions, applications and market-leading products. FMC acquired a significant portion of DuPont's Crop Protection business. FMC operate in three distinct business segments: FMC Agricultural Solutions, FMC Health and Nutrition and FMC Lithium. FMC Agricultural Solutions segment develops, markets and sells all three major classes of crop protection chemicals: insecticides, herbicides and fungicides. The FMC Health and Nutrition segment focuses on nutritional ingredients, health excipients, and functional health ingredients. Functional health ingredients are used as active ingredients in nutraceutical and pharmaceutical markets. FMC Lithium segment manufactures lithium for use in a wide range of lithium products, which are used primarily in energy storage, specialty polymers and chemical synthesis application.

================



======= Instance Index 24 =========
Input Text: The word "youth" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Youth everywhere rises in revolt.
Sentence 2: Her youth and beauty is what attracted him to her.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.32521
Retrieved Text: Malm, Sweden during the Second World War. Stig is a 15 year old pupil on the verge of adulthood. Viola is 37 years old and his teacher. He is attracted by her beauty and maturity. She is drawn to him by his youth and innocence, a god-sent relief from her drunk and miserable husband. They start a passionate and forbidden relationship - but it has consequences they never could have expected.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.685028
Retrieved Text: At Your Age, a 1929 short story published in the Saturday Evening Post, contains all the trademark elements that F. Scott Fitzgerald's readers had come to expect by the end of the Jazz Age. At fifty, Tom is attracted as much to Annie Lorry's age as to her beauty or social status. She is for him a veritable fountain of youth, revivifying memories of the warm sureties of his own adolescence and reintroducing him to the very terminology of young romance.
F. Scott Fitzgerald's At Your Age for your kindle, tablet, IPAD, PC or mobile.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.840996
Retrieved Text: PeopleSuite and Mooresville Arts celebrate the 15th Annual Youth Art Show! – PeopleSuite: Recruiting is both a SCIENCE and an ART.
This year’s 15th Annual Youth Art Show Competition sponsored by Mooresville Arts was a great success.
PeopleSuite was honored to sponsor three senior scholarships for the annual event that attracted over 267 submissions from local student artists from grades K-12. David Preston, President of PeopleSuite, presented the sponsor scholarships to three senior students who showed outstanding artistic talent. The awards were presented to the artists at a community event held Friday, March 8.
Allison’s colored pencil, titled “Beauty Kills,” earned her first place this year. Her attention to the details is what earned her first place. Allison attends Lake Norman High School.
Kendall’s “Surpize” at first glance appears to be a photo. It’s not. Her use of graphite, charcoal is amazing and earned her second place this year. Kendall attends Pine Lake Prep.
“Welcome to the Freakshow,” by Sarah was nominated for third place. Also using colored pencil, her drawing is unique in imagination. Sarah attends Lake Norman High School.
The Youth Art Show is on display through April 5 at Mooresville Arts, 103 W. Center Ave. in Mooresville and the community is welcome. Gallery hours are Tuesday-Friday, 12-4 pm and Saturday, 10 am – 2 pm.
*Photos courtesy of Cathy Johnson, Mooresville Arts.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.204096
Retrieved Text: Initial fame settled upon Lillie Langtry accidentally, thanks to her great beauty and sense of style. Abundant romantic scandals helped spread her renown. But it was Lillie’s own determination, imagination, shrewdness, and independent spirit that cemented her enduring success as an actress and businesswoman throughout most of her life.
Born Emilie Charlotte Le Breton into an Anglican clergy family on the Channel isle of Jersey, Lillie delighted in a physically active childhood. After a disastrous London debut at age 16, she began a plan of cultural and intellectual enrichment. Despite her parents’ objections, at age 20 she impetuously married Edward Langtry, who was far less wealthy than she had imagined, and soon found herself bored and depressed by the inactive lifestyle approved for women of her class.
Lillie was discovered by high society when the Langtrys moved to London in 1875. Wearing a simple black dress and plain hairstyle at a party, Lillie captivated those artists present with her beauty and simplicity. Soon artists were competing for her as a model. She received the nickname “The Jersey Lily” from her portrait painted by John Everett Millais. Photographs and sketches of Lillie, produced by the hundreds, appeared in shop windows, making her an overnight sensation and one of the most popular “Professional Beauties” and trend-setters of the period. Lillie became a regular guest at society events, surrounded by artists, intellectuals, and members of high-society. Although her husband escorted her to such events, their marriage was deteriorating further, as he faded into the background and increasingly turned to alcohol. She

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.516668
Retrieved Text: Tetyana Yablonska has won numerous prizes and honorary titles. Striking dissimilarity of such canvases as Sacking Grain (1949), The Nameless Heights (1969), Evening in Old Florence (1973) testifies to the constant artistic quest to the wish to convey her own sense of time. Yablonska’s art often gave rise to debates and hot critical discussions. She is surprisingly capable of changing her style and emerging in a new quality every time. She may work simultaneously in different genres, different techniques, even in different kinds of art. Yet, she never appeared to be, and never was, an extravagant pioneer. Her unusual sensitivity to whatever is new and promising, lo whatever seeks an outlet, ready to be moulded into new imagery or new plastic forms, invariably attracted young artists to her side. Yablonska`s experience, mastery, her lectures and essays are a veritable school of art. Her artistic evolution is instructive. In the fifties she was known as an artist whose dominant theme was the joy and happiness of life. This had some justification. The mother of three children, she lovingly portrayed the harmony of the child and the world around him, the beauty of nature, the charm of carefree youth, creating a large number of small genre paintings. Yet at the same time she was developing the makings of the master of large-scale paintings, of epic, monumental images.
In the sixties, Yablonska paints mostly huge, monumental canvases. One of the best is The Nameless Heights (1969). Its genre could be termed as “heroic landscape”.
The early seventies ushered in a new

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.073225
Retrieved Text: Psalm 45:11 and the king will desire your beauty; bow to him, for he is your lord.
and the king will desire your beauty; bow to him, for he is your lord.
The king adores you. He is your master, so do what he desires.
Your beauty will make the king desire you; he is your master, so you must obey him.
and the king will greatly desire your beauty. Because he is your lord, you should bow in respect before him.
Then the king will be attracted by your beauty. After all, he is your master! Submit to him!
So the king will desire your beauty, honor him, for he is your lord.
For the King will be ravished with your beauty; because he is your Lord, worship him.
The king longs for your beauty. He is your Lord. Worship him.
So shall the king desire thy beauty; For he is thy lord; and do homage unto him.
Then the King will desire your beauty; Because He is your Lord, bow down to Him.
so shall the king greatly desire thy beauty; and bow before him, for he is thy Lord.
So shall the king greatly desire your beauty: since he is your Lord, worship him.
So shall the king greatly desire your beauty: for he is your Lord; and worship you him.
So will the king desire thy beauty; For he is thy lord; and reverence thou him.
Because the king has desired thy beauty; for he is thy Lord.
And the king shall greatly desire thy beauty; for he is the Lord thy God, and him they shall adore.
And

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.653421
Retrieved Text: Today I want to address an issue tearing down women’s confidence in themselves. This is the issue of aging, and how it affects our perception of our own beauty and worth.
Los Angeles is the image capital of the world.
Who you are doesn’t hold a candle to how you look. Or so they scream at us from every billboard around town. I’m sure you folks of the male persuasion struggle with this, but I want to focus on my ladies out there for a moment. There is some serious pressure on us, am I right girls?! We have Instagram, Youtube, Pinterest, all inviting and luring us to try to measure up to a culturally defined ideal. Youthful, flawless, wrinkle-free women with glowing skin assault us with every scroll of our cell phone screen, every channel on tv, every turn of a magazine page.
This study found that Beverly Hills boasts the highest concentration of plastic surgeons in the country, with 72 plastic surgeons serving the 6-square-mile city. Business is booming. We’re a culture offering every ounce of our blood, sweat, and tears on the altar of youth.
The pressure skyrockets if you’re single and lonely and yearning to meet a good man. In a world of pretty, there is pressure to stand out from the crowd…or at least keep up with it! We all know men are only attracted to a young slender hourglass figure with full lips and thick shiny hair…right?
With all this emphasis on looks, aging can feel devastating.
We may look at our weary skin or sagging

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.56905
Retrieved Text: A grieving mother cannot "move on" after her son's death, keeping his room as it was, wanting her younger boy to be like his dead brother. A youth leaves juvenile detention, going home to an angry father and a lonely young step-mother. A college teacher whose brother has autistic behaviors separates from his wife and is attracted to a student. The narrative discloses slowly the mother, youth, and teacher's connections to a car accident. The paroled youth talks to the dead boy's girlfriend and must sort out his relationship with his step-mother; the professor encourages his brother to go on a date. Can the mother see her living son for who he is? In what ways can each be normal? In what ways can each be normal?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.264788
Retrieved Text: Eve has to accompany her father to a party held in a luxurious hotel and curses her unfortunate life as a daughter of a ruthless tycoon. Her role is to blandish a businessman who is planning to take over her father’s company by seducing him with her youth and beauty, to maneuver the deal in favor of her father. By the time an irresistibly attractive man comes into view, Eve is fed up with everything. Defeated by his temptation, Eve shares a passionate kiss with him, not knowing that he is the man who she has to sweeten tonight!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.016352
Retrieved Text: Eve has to accompany her father to a party held in a luxurious hotel and curses her unfortunate life as a daughter of a ruthless tycoon. Her role is to blandish a businessman who is planning to take over her father's company by seducing him with her youth and beauty, to maneuver the deal in favor of her father. By the time an irresistibly attractive man comes into view, Eve is fed up with everything. Defeated by his temptation, Eve shares a passionate kiss with him, not knowing that he is the man who she has to sweeten tonight!
Please upload on mangafox..Please! Onegaishimas..

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.897776
Retrieved Text: An adaptation of Disney's "Sleeping Beauty," told from Maleficent's point of view, shares insights into how she became an evil fairy and why she resolved to curse an innocent princess.
Presents an adaptation of the classic Little Mermaid fairy tale from the perspective of the sea witch who provides Ariel with human legs in exchange for her voice.
This haunting first collection of Annabelle's memories are filled withfrightening stories and dark fairy tales about her various owners . Featuringthe first 6 issues, as well as some other spookirific surprises, including anintroduction by Tommy Kovac (Skelebunnies, Stitch and Autumn) aswell as a guest page by Jhonen Vasquez and other SLG creators.
A cursed prince sits alone in a secluded castle. Few have seen him, but those who claim they have say his hair is wild and nails are sharp--like a beast's! But how did this prince, once jovial and beloved by the people, come to be a reclusive and bitter monster? And is it possible that he can ever find true love and break the curse that has been placed upon him?
The centuries-old, timeless tale of the beautiful princess's triumph over the old witch who seeks to steal her youth and beauty is now told from the perspective of the old witch, in a tale of mothers and daughters, youth and dark magic. 50,000 first printing.
This is the paws-on guide for the modern lycanthrope. Whether you're simply fascinated by werewolf muthology, or yearn to prowl in the moonlight, this is the book for you.
A previously untold story about the wicked

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.464684
Retrieved Text: The Oscar-winning actress and Scandinavian beauty has attracted interest from all corners of the fashion industry.
Swedish actress Alicia Vikander's fresh-faced beauty and poise has received significant attention from the fashion industry over the last few years. Her roles in critically acclaimed films such as ‘Testament of Youth’ and ‘Ex Machina’ sparked the interest of a number of major fashion titles and she has been featured on the cover of American Vogue, LOVE, Interview and W magazines. She has also featured in a number of editorials, most notably for W Magazine shot by Willy Vanderperre and British Vogue shot by Tim Walker . Vikander is also a muse for Louis Vuitton 's creative director, Nicolas Ghesquiere, and has starred in several campaigns for the storied French fashion house, including its Cruise 2016 campaign and its "Twist" handbag campaign, both shot by Patrick Demarchelier .
Born in Gothenburg, Sweden in 1988 to a stage actress mother and psychiatrist father, Vikander trained from the age of nine with the Royal Swedish Ballet School in the hope of becoming a principal dancer. When an injury brought an end to this dream, she abandoned dance in favour of acting, with breakthrough roles in Joe Wright's Anna Karenina and the acclaimed Danish film, A Royal Affair. In early 2016, Vikander won the Academy Award for best supporting actress for her turn in The Danish Girl.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.455393
Retrieved Text: So, when I was younger I thought that if a book was published it was because it was good, the writing was good, or interesting or innovative. I came to understand that there were always trends in writing style, those of us forced to read way too much of that lyrical prose in university can certainly attest to that (while I appreciated some lyrical prose, the collection of bad books in that sub-genre made me really appreciate the get-to-the-point writers). I also understood that book publishing is a business and that publishers will print and distribute books that are sellable. While Paris Hilton’s diary makes no positive additions to the literary landscape that is not going to stop tens of thousands of tweens from buying it.
I know that we have romance, and science fiction, mystery and that ever more sickening chick-lit (please tell me this will soon end). Authors who write in those genres seem happy there and they do not fancy themselves among the literary greats. But, every so often, I come across a book that is trying to pass itself off as serious literature and it is really just self-indulgent crap (much like this blog).
You may be wondering what brought all this on? This weekend, while lounging at a country house in the Eastern Townships I read the first four chapters of Alan Cumyn’s “The Famished Lover.” It was my fault really, there was pretty lingerie on the cover and I picked the book up off the boardroom table because of that. Never has

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.25518
Retrieved Text: Cheryl Ladd began her career in 1970 as a singing artist on Josie and the Pussycats tv series. She is, however, best known for her role in ABC tv show Charlies Angels where she played Kris Munroe. A role she played from 1977 to 1981.
Cheryl was loved by many and she had that 70’s classic beauty and was considered of the sexiest women of her generation. This article will be about Cheryl Ladd Plastic Surgery gossips.
Her beauty and raw talent saw her appear in more movies such as; Happy days, policewoman, police story and most recently in Ballers, Unforgettable, American Crime story, and Camera Store. Her talent seems to continue to pay off all the way to 2018 but how has the 64-year-old been able to stay this young? Almost not aging at all. In recent times it’s been clear that plastic surgery has been the simplest answer. To stay young and with the added pressure for celebrities to stay young. Most have caved and gone under the knife. So, has Cheryl Ladd gone under the knife? Is Cheryl Ladd plastic surgery rumors true?
After undergoing a few changing procedures, she is now unrecognizable and almost a whole different person. The ‘angel’ is now a completely different creature.Cheryl Ladd plastic surgery is undeniable and looking at her before and after photos, straight away you can tell what she has had done.For a 64-year-old you can hardly notice any sagging skin whether on her neck or cheeks. This definitely means she has had some work is done and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.191778
Retrieved Text: Every woman has this nagging question going in her mind about what makes a man fall in love. Most women think that they know men very well but it is not true.
Every woman has this nagging question going in her mind about what makes a man fall in love. Most women think that they know men very well but it is not true. The saying that women are tough creatures to fathom applies to men as well. What makes a man fall in love can have no definite answer as the factors vary from person to person. Different men have different ways of thinking, tastes and desires. This can be quite confusing at times. So when a woman declares that she knows what men want, she is just utterly wrong. A woman can make a man fall in love with her and only her. So what makes a woman striking in a man’s eyes?
To make a man fall in love, you have to follow the rules of attraction. That does not mean you spend your whole time concentrating on your face and body. While men are attracted to physical beauty, that does not last long. The truth is that men look for something beyond physical features. Men love women who are confident, those who can give their opinion on any matter. You have to make him realize that he needs you. Once he is used to your opinions in his day-to-day life, he is sure to love you.
One problem with men is that they still think

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.185604
Retrieved Text: People come in all shapes and sizes, and they offer a wide range of personality traits. Some will get along instantly and others will require a lot of time and effort to find some level of common ground. For centuries, tradition has implanted in our minds certain qualities that are deemed ideal in a partner. The media has done a great job in consolidating this indoctrination. Thus exists the set type of perfect qualities every woman wants in a man, and she would even spend her whole life searching for such a man.
Even if we live in a world that now insists on equality for all genders, this does not mean that women do not appreciate the traditional mannerisms of a “typical” gentleman. This includes fetching his lady from her home right before a date, opening the car door, pulling out a chair for her at the dinner table, and yes, even paying for the meal. There is also the expected courtesy of walking her from the car to her doorstep. A gentleman is a guy that any woman would want to tell her friends about, and perhaps even her parents.
Not all women are gold-diggers, that is a fact. But almost all women love their man to be successful. His success, especially in terms of his career goes hand in hand with financial security. This ensures that any woman he chooses to marry will not need to worry about bringing food to the table and stressing about making ends meet. This also means that he can

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.847418
Retrieved Text: When Kim Kossie-McKee entered the DeVos Urban Leadership Initiative (DVULI) in 2005, she had been a youth pastor for 15 years and was also serving as the Community Relations Director at a local Christian radio station. Her life was busy, she was trying to do too much and was having a difficult time turning some of her projects over to other members of her ministry. She felt like she was being crushed by her whole world, and constantly on the edge of burnout.
Then, she started the 15-month journey of the DVULI program, and learned the five core values – accountability, balance, empowerment, interdependence, and leverage – and her whole outlook began to change.
“It was revolutionary. At first it was absolutely overwhelming, because it shined a light on so many things that I could do differently. But as I began to walk it out, and trust the process, I realized that I was getting some tools that were not just for my today. They were intended to be a treasure trove that I would be living out of for the rest of my life,” McKee said.
While all of the core values work in tandem, she found that empowerment, interdependence, and balance were most needed in her life. McKee began to empower those around her and trust them with taking over some of her projects; she partnered with likeminded organizations to help accomplish common goals; and she finally achieved balance in her life.
McKee wasn’t the only one who benefited from the DeVos training. As she began to model

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.821407
Retrieved Text: The Source is another term for becoming the “mommy.” But today’s mommy has money. And, she’s apt to shower her younger man with gifts. Why not? She can afford it. But this method of becoming indispensable, will also become her downfall.
There’s a temptation for older women, when dating younger men, to use the courtship patterns we know. The traditional formula is; Money and Power are traded for Youth and Beauty. It’s a barter that’s stood the test of time. It’s also a barter that never ends well— leaving the giver feeling resentful, and the receiver feeling guilty.
As society changes, and women’s socio/economic status increasingly becomes equal to that of older men, the need to refrain from this type of behavior is imperative. Please do not allow yourself to be lured into this archetype. Resist becoming the source. Allow the younger man, to be the younger man. Love him. Support him emotionally. But do not buy him. It will your doom, and certainly end what may have been a beautiful partnership. You will end up hating yourself, and probably end up hating him if you ignore this advice.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.77422
Retrieved Text: Wazzup gangsters, I have some great book goodness for you today! Shall we begin?
Drift is the fifth book in the Length series, by the fantastic Steph Campbell and Liz Reinhardt.
There’s no way Lydia--oldest and most responsible of the tight-knit Rodriguez clan--is going to let her nosy family find out about the uncharacteristic work screw-up that landed her a paid suspension. To keep busy and avoid panic, she enrolls in a life enrichment class. The first guest speaker is a handsome artist with a wicked smile and eyes that melt right through her.
Even the “ice princess” can’t help but feel an immediate spark that lights her blood on fire.
Isaac Ortiz is unquestionably the sexiest man Lydia has ever met. The talented son of a famous Spanish artist, he’s constantly moving from one new glamorous city to another, working if and when the muse visits him.
He also has a stare that makes Lydia’s heart race and hands that look more than capable of making her scream with pleasure. She shouldn’t be attracted to this free-spirit who makes all his own rules--but she is.
There’s just one hiccup....Isaac is nineteen.
Lydia has lived her entire life firmly inside the box, and being with a younger man is definitely outside the safe confines she enjoys.
So why can’t she stay away from him? And why is she seriously considering his proposition to take off to a place she’s never been...just because?
When Lydia is invited back to work with a cleared name, she should be overjoyed.
Of course that's not all I have for you,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.760254
Retrieved Text: Nodding his hat, Troy says he never imagined it was the farm’s mistress he had met the other night, the “Queen of the Corn-market,” as he’s heard. She indifferently thanks him for his help, but, looking hurt, he says there’s no need. He remarks that it’s a shame bad luck should plague a man for telling a woman she’s beautiful. She still would rather he leave, but he claims he’d rather her curses than another woman’s kisses. Bathsheba is left speechless.
Troy is clever and overly charming, but it’s implied here that he may be earnestly seeking Bathsheba’s attention, just as Bathsheba feigned indifference while inviting the attention of Boldwood. Troy’s bold language leaves Bathsheba stunned since she can’t fit him into her existing understanding of the world and of men.
Bathsheba simply says, turning away, that she can’t allow strangers to be bold and impudent even in praise—he should have said nothing. Much of the pleasure of a feeling, he replies, lies in being able to express a feeling on the spur of a moment. She says she hopes such strength extends to morals and religion, and Troy continues to joke and tease, while she tries to hide a smile. He asks for her forgiveness and she doesn’t accept it. As he continues, she cries he’s too profane, caught between distress and enjoyment. He says she surely must have heard what everyone thinks of her beauty: at first she demurs, then hesitatingly begins to agree.
Bathsheba continues to insist on proper behavior and morality, even though that’s not

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.655712
Retrieved Text: Sometimes I have that moment where I look at Joe and think, Wow, is he not the most handsome guy in the world? I mean look at that face and those eyes!!!
It’s not just that I married a handsome guy 🙂 I’m attracted to him! But that attraction does not happen out of nowhere. In the beginning, attraction comes pretty easy, but as time goes on that attraction can fade unless it is fed and nurtured!
Sometimes my husband is super attractive and other times I think, I’m so tired of when you blah blah blah and why can’t you blah blah. And my husband tumbles all the way down the handsome-husband-o-meter. Just not feeling the attraction. Or the other times when he looks just, well, sorta- familiar. The same face I’ve woken up to for a long time. Oh, it’s you.
Then add in the years that go by and that we are aging whether we like it or not. Even though our youth and beauty will fade- our attraction for each other can still grow. That attraction goes well beyond our physical features! Even when we’re old and gray and way past our prime, I know my husband can still be the most good-looking guy on the planet if we nurture that love for each other.
Of course how our husbands treat us change the way we look at them. It doesn’t matter how gorgeous a man is if he is unkind and disrespectful. One thing that makes Joe so attractive to me is the many ways

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.576408
Retrieved Text: It is no doubt that a huge Interest in every turn of Bollywood queen Aishwarya Rai’s life of her fans and well-wishers. After the start of her career in Bollywood film industry, people of all ages have been attracted by her beauty, acting and glamour.
She have taken the millions of young people night’s sleep with her genuine beauty. But of her a fellow colleagues called her ‘plastic’. Bollywood actor Emran Hashmi’s comments still piss on Aishwarya not able to forget even after so many years. Actor Imran Hashmi was present as guest in Karan Johar’s Celebrity Chat Show in 2014. At that show, the actor commented on Bollywood queen as ‘plastic’. He also wanted forgiveness. With the comments of Imran Hashmi, it started in Bolipara. His comment on Aishwarya’s worst was seen. That is what actress acted in Devdas movie.
At that time Imran Hashmi’s response was a huge response, with which Aishwarya was embarrassed to read. In the commentary of the actress, she had to listen to Aishwarya at different places.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.545847
Retrieved Text: Home Unlabelled What is love?Are know true meaning of love!?
Are you kno the meaning of love or what is love?are you feel what is love?If ask you what is love what you will answer me?You don't know na what is love but you are in relationship and also tell someone that you love her/him.Before you telling someone that you love her/him you have to know the meaning love.Because "I LOVE YOU" is not just a word.It is the password of someone heart.So before telling someone that you love him/her please think twice.You have to know the different between attraction and love.Sometime we have attracted to someone and we say that it is love but that is not.Then you say ti someone that you love him/her and after sometimes in relationship you are bored with girl or men and decided that you have to break up with her/him.But if you not attracted to her/him if the feeling comes from your heart you don't think about the breakup.You will think the solution of the problem.So you have to know the different between attraction and love.One thing that you have keep in your mind that you don't love her/him but the person you told that you love her/him but he/she might love you from the heart and you broken her/him heart.I will suggest one thing that don't break any one heart guys because it most saddest feelings in the world and it is too painful.Sometime you broken someone heart and he/she decided to get suicide if she or he

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.527914
Retrieved Text: [. . .] By living in excess and behaving lavishly, he hopes to draw her to himself again, especially taken by her vow to wait for his return from the War. He pins that expectation not only on the power of money and material possessions but also on the very real power of these over Daisy. Jay Gatsby and Daisy have a materialistic attitude in common but their individual motives deviate and prevent them from ending up with each other. Although Daisy occasionally feels she loves Jay Gatsby, she is much more in love with her material self-interests and luxuries, which are secure in her husband Tom, whom her family well approves of (Fitzgerald).
As a child, Jay Gatsby was a poor nobody. He was a drop-out from Olaf's College and he hates that life he does not reveal until the latter part of the novel. He saw Daisy as an illusion because she looked unattainably affluent and remarkable while he was a destitute and unremarkable nothing. He turned to the illegal and often quicker means of achieving objectives and it seems to work for him because he makes it big. It may also appear to the reader that it was Daisy's characteristics that he pursued obsessively more than lusting after her without realizing it. But since it was Daisy's jewels, costly clothes, daintiness and charm that dazzled him first, he could have perceived that those possessions were the stuff that made her and so sought to acquire the same material characteristics in order to attract her

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.522926
Retrieved Text: Beauty comes from within, and what makes someone feel confident varies from person to person. Stephanie brings that out.
Stephanie Peck, a licensed master esthetician, is devoted to discovering what makes you feel beautiful. A Virginia native, born in Richmond Stephanie spent most of her youth in San Antonio, Texas where she played tennis every day and was impressively a teaching pro in her 20s.
Stephanie migrated North to Endicott College in Massachusetts where she majored in hospitality and returned to Virginia to do her internship at the prestigious Jefferson Hotel in Richmond. She made use of her education by running European Beauty Concepts in Williamsburg for over 6 years and then when the salon’s esthetician left she transitioned into that position.
Following her tenure at European Beauty Concepts, Stephanie spent 10 years as the esthetician at Salon Vivace in Williamsburg.
In addition to her vast experience, she also trained in Germany at the Reviderm Institute.
Stephanie launched Stephanie's Skin Solutions in 2015 on Williamsburg's McLaw’s Circle where she offers a robust menu of therapeutic skin services, anti-aging treatments and spa services in a calm and relaxing space. She is highly educated in her field, shows incredible attention to detail, and most importantly, tailors treatment to a client's individual needs.
Skin care is a process and Stephanie is loyal to her clients throughout their journey.
Stephanie also partners with Dr. John Stuart Guarnieri of Williamsburg Plastic Surgery, offering services in his office by appointment only, as well as provides certain services at Split Enz Salon in Gloucester where she has had a working

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.392744
Retrieved Text: BOTH: We met playing Boccia in the summer of 2014.
NICKOLE: Kami’s sense of humor and her ability to make me laugh are what first attracted me to her, but as time went on, I realized that the thing I loved most about her is that she makes me want to be a better person than I am. I know it sounds totally cliché, but it’s true.
KAMI: I’m probably going to sound like everyone else when I say that the first thing that attracted me to my wife is that I thought (and still do) that she was beautiful. It wasn’t until I got know her that I realized that her beauty isn’t just skin deep. She’s a truly beautiful person and wants to help people in any way she can.
BOTH: We got married in June 2016.
KAMI: Truly, I like the commitment and knowing I have someone to go through life with.
NICKOLE: The best part of marriage for me is being able to wake up next to my best friend every day.
What do you like the least about being married?
NICKOLE: I hate getting on each other’s nerves.
KAMI: I don’t like that my actions no longer only affect me, like, if I mess up, my wife, our daughter, and myself pay the consequences.
You both have disabilities. What are your disabilities?
BOTH: We both have Spastic Quadriplegic Cerebral Palsy to varying degrees.
How does having disabilities affect your marriage?
BOTH: We both agree our disabilities don’t really affect our marriage too much. It gets frustrating when one of us can’t help the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.352127
Retrieved Text: The unique experience that for me was “Hwawar u Fjuri”, will last pleasantly in memory for a very long time.
What attracted my attention first was my love for herbs and flowers and the peaceful atmosphere of the cloisters where these seminars were going to be held. But from the first meeting it turned into an experience of friendship and sharing of life stories.
Each seminar with its own title inspired in each participant to talk of his own experiences, through herbs and flowers into life, like mourning which brings sadness and tears, love which brings joy and happiness and all these life emotions which different cultures express through herbs and flowers.
The spontaneous hug to a girl who was missing her mother’s love, the eagerness of another youth to savour the beauty of flowers (after seeing so much ruin and destruction in his own country), and to want to learn their names, were unique emotions I couldn’t have experienced anywhere else.
Months afterwards I was invited as a helper to participate in a youth exchange in Spain. Amongst the themes that were chosen for discussion were Immigration, Human Trafficking, Discrimination on Ethnic group, etc. We were divided into groups and each was assigned a title to talk about and also with very little resources play out. My group was given Immigration!
My experience would have been very poor if I had expressed only what I saw on TV. I hope that my experience through Hwawar u Fjuri helped me express from my heart the sentiments of sadness, loss, loneliness and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.23517
Retrieved Text: Some people are destined to meet.
It sure feels that way when Sri Lankan tour guide Sepalika meets Daniel. The mysterious tourist from Ireland steals his way into her heart and makes her question everything her life is built upon. Instant attraction turns to love – but does he feel the same? And what about the secret she’s hiding from him?
Follow the two on their quest for a happy ending amid the beauty and wonders of the tropical island paradise of Sri Lanka.
Saved in Sri Lanka by Devika Fernando is the latest romance offering from this very talented Indie author whose work I have enjoyed in the past.
When I came to know about this book I was first attracted by the cover which made me relive my beach holidays. Then when I read the blurb, I had an inkling that this book would entertain me and I am so happy to say that I was thoroughly entertained while reading Saved in Sri Lanka!
The author has chosen her current country of residence as the place where the story unfolds. We meet Sepalika, a tour guide who also happens to have just the best name in the world after the name of one of my most loved flowers and Daniel, a lone and mysterious tourist. Right from the start, my attention was captured by the book which took me on a tour of Sri Lanka and without leaving my home, I felt like I had visited each and every prominent temple, museum, beauty spots and historical sites in the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.226994
Retrieved Text: From the familiarity of a loved one to a unique characteristic of a stranger -- a flaw, a scar, a freckle -- or the imperfect charm of smudged lipstick on teeth, these photographs capture the complexity of beauty.
"This is Raymond, a dancer. Sometimes I meet up with strangers, and we talk a bit before I take their portrait and then we part ways. The more I appreciate others for who they are, let them talk about what they deeply care about, the more beautiful they become. The shine of someone passionate impresses me. I feel like there’s beauty in trusting yourself, and in caring."
"My sister is three years younger than me. Ever since I can remember, she has had a regal beauty hovering around her. But what is truly beautiful is to watch her grow up and love her figure, her blackness, her wit. She is hardening in this world -- but even with so much set against her, she learns to unapologetically be."
"For me, mixing is so important. I love mixing races, nationalities, genders, humans with animals, living objects with non-living objects, also the negative and positive side of one person. Mixing blurs the outlines of each category. I call it new skin. I've been very influenced by Donna Haraway. For me, new skin is a key idea when it comes the new beauty."
"2018 is a crucial year for the expression of human beauty. With the internet allowing a democratic way of communicating between individuals, we are no longer in the dictatorship of the media

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.188198
Retrieved Text: The 2015 Global Women Entrepreneurs Scorecard, ranked Canada 2nd out of 31 countries in the world for “women’s high-impact entrepreneurship,” just behind the U.S., and tied for second with Australia. Women have long made their mark on the Canadian economy, and according to a study conducted by First Round Capital, companies with at least one female founder performed 63 per cent better than all-male founding teams.
And yet a noticeable gap exists. Female entrepreneurs and business owners face a number of challenges. Their businesses tend to be smaller, have a harder time attracting capital, are less likely to grow, and less likely to export. Today, just 16 percent of Canada’s small and medium-sized businesses are women-owned. What do we need to do to close the gap?
Join us for a conversation with the Honourable Mary Ng, Minister of Small Business and Export Promotion, as she provides insight on women entrepreneurship and details of the Government’s plan to double the number of women-owned businesses by 2025.
Amanda Alvaro is an award-winning communicator, equally inspired by fashion and politics. For fifteen years, she's advised a broad range of consumer, lifestyle, luxury and corporate clients from pharma to finance, beverage to beauty. Before launching Pomp & Circumstance, Amanda founded and ran another Toronto-based PR agency for almost a decade, growing it from inception to a small boutique to Strategy's Agency of the Year list 2014/15. As a former advisor to several Ministers, Premiers and Prime Minister, Amanda has worked as a political strategist, analyst, marketer and communications expert for nearly 15 years

================



======= Instance Index 25 =========
Input Text: The word "lay" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: To lay a tax on land.
Sentence 2: Lay a responsibility on someone.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.703384
Retrieved Text: Attachment 13705A taxation record may be the only proof that your ancestor was in a particular place at a particular time.
Looking at land tax records over time, you can see when men died, moved or sold property and who took over from them. Where other records do not survive, this may be the only method of distinguishing between two men of the same name.
You can judge the relative wealth of an ancestor, compared with his neighbours. The poorest members of society did not pay tax, but the labourers of the C19th may have had much wealthier forebears, so it's always worth looking.
Lay subsidies only involve the relatively well off, but anyone with a single hearth had to pay the hearth tax, and the lists of exemptions sometimes survive for those excused on the basis of poverty. Lay subsidies assessed foreigners at twice the normal rate, so you could immediately recognise a foreign ancestor.
The earliest useful taxation lists are in class E179 in the National Archives at Kew. There is a database searchable by date and village. The results will show whether the document just shows the names of collectors, or includes those assessed for tax. These records include Lay subsidies for the Tudor and early Stuart periods and the Hearth Tax for the later Stuart period.
From roughly 1780 to 1832, county record offices hold Land Tax Assessments. These show owners as well as occupiers of the land. Coverage varies from county to county. The records were originally arranged by a smaller administrative unit than the county,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.256798
Retrieved Text: A business "open" sign, courtesy of WNDJ on Pixabay.
Home of one of the first "Made in Oregon" events near the turn of the 20th century, Sherman County is a community of makers, farmers, shopkeepers, ranchers, and pioneers. The county’s 831 square miles of rolling hills and river-carved canyons range in elevation from 185 feet on the Columbia River to 3,600 feet on the south plateau. The soil is mostly loess, a rich wind-blown glacial silt, layered with ancient basalt soil and fertile volcanic ash.
Doing business in Sherman County means you'll have the lay of the land, incentives for adding wind turbines or rental housing, and a property tax break for the first three to five years of many non-retail endeavors. And there's no county business tax.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.168327
Retrieved Text: By the case stated, only one question is submitted to the opinion of this court; whether the law of Congress, of the 5th of June, 1794, entitled, ‘An act to lay duties upon carriages, for the conveyance of persons,’ is unconstitutional and void? The principles laid down, to prove the above law void, are these: That a tax on carriages, is a direct tax, and, therefore, by the constitution, must be laid according to the census, directed [3 U.S. 171, 173] by the constitution to be taken, to ascertain the number of Representatives from each State: And that the tax in question, on carriages, is not laid by that rule of apportionment, but by the rule of uniformity, prescribed by the constitution, in the case of duties, imposts, and excises; and a tax on carriages, is not within either of those descriptions.
As it was incumbent on the Plaintiff’s Council in Error, so they took great pains to prove, that the tax on carriages was a direct tax; but they did not satisfy my mind. I think, at least, it may be doubted; and if I only doubted, I should affirm the judgment of the Circuit Court. The deliberate decision of the National Legislature, (who did not consider a tax on carriages a direct tax, but thought it was within the description of a duty) would determine me, if the case was doubtful, to receive the construction of the Legislature: But I am inclined to think, that a tax on carriages is not a direct tax, within

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.130318
Retrieved Text: The Executive Minister oversees shared Baptist mission and ministry in Atlantic Canada. The Executive Minster works closely with the CBAC Council to provide the vision, direction and accountability necessary for the effective undertaking of the direction given by the Assembly to both the staff and the agencies of our CBAC. In addition, the Executive Minister takes direct responsibility for certain aspects of our shared ministry, some of which are described in this section. The Assembly elects the Executive Minister to a renewable five-year term.
We have resources for CBAC accredited ministers or those who feel led by God to prepare for vocational ministry. They may also help those who are leaders in churches better understand how someone prepares to become, and maintains one’s standing as, a pastor in our CABC family.
Ministry Regulations, approved by the CBAC Assembly, govern the activities of the Board of Ministerial Standards and Education. They include information about the processes toward ordination, recognition of prior ordination, and becoming a recognized lay leader, as well as professional standards and ethics for pastors and lay leaders. This information is meant as a resource for those who are accredited ministers or those who feel led by God to prepare for vocational ministry or recognized lay leadership. The information here can also help those who are leaders in churches better understand how someone prepares to become, and maintains one’s standing as, a pastor/recognized lay leader in the CBAC.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.116339
Retrieved Text: Joseph M. Gerace has 7 articles published.
By Joseph M. Gerace. For the survivors of those abused by priests.
By Joseph M. Gerace. After Dareen Tatour’s conviction for inciting violence, is the only Israeli platform for Palestinian poetry in the courtroom?
By Joseph M. Gerace. On Republicans’ tax plan to enrich the one percent, for an oligarchy with Greco-Democratic roots.
By Joseph M. Gerace. In the heart of California’s wine country, twelve wildfires assault the land.
By Joseph M. Gerace. On American jingoism and our mounting aggression toward North Korea.
By Joseph M. Gerace. On the breaking news that the U.S. launched air strikes against Syria.
By Joseph M. Gerace. A Dadaist seeks to lay bare the structure of international indifference to Syria.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.057714
Retrieved Text: I have been married for 24 years and have been counseling and coaching couples for over 10 years, and I have found that the root cause of many problems that couples face is, “blame”. Blame means to say or think that a person or thing is responsible for something bad that has happened or to find fault or hold someone or something responsible. Blame constantly requires you to point your finger at someone other than yourself. Now the person who is pointing the finger or blaming normally feels good that they can put the responsibility on someone else. Keep in mind whenever you are finger pointing and blaming someone else, actually your pointing at the other person signifies that they are the one who is in control.
Blame prevents true forgiveness. The longer un-forgiveness resides in a relationship the higher and wider the wall of separation becomes.
Blame stops the progress of rebuilding trust. Trust is the key to your heart, and no one gives a key to someone who they believe will come in and continually hurt them. So eventually you take the key from the person and prohibit them from entering your heart space.
Blame replaces positive images in your mind with negative images. The images in your mind will dictate not only your feelings but also the words that come out of your mouth. Depending on how long those negative images stay in your mind will determine many times when intimacy is restored or for many men when you get to come back into the bed.
I

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.961842
Retrieved Text: Fuel stations in Ghana are threatening to lay off up to 4000 workers very soon due to the continuous fall in their sales across the country.
Head of the Association of Oil Marketing Companies (AOMC) revealed in an interview with Adomonline.com that his members would have to travel that path in the near future because their sales have declined enormously in recent times.
Some stations in the northern part of the country, he hinted have already started laying off the workers. He said this is attributable to the increasing activities of black market fuel dealers in the country.
“The implication of this black market on the OMC is that we can’t meet over big overheads and if this continue, then we would have no option than to lay people off…our overheads are big so if we don’t make the volumes as it is now when some people are even making one-tenth of the volumes, we have no choice than to lay people off…,” he said.
He explained that unscrupulous and irresponsible Ghanaians and foreigners have entered into the petroleum sector (Petroleum Black Market dealers) whose operations are inimical to the economy.
He said investigations have established that the Petroleum Black Market dealers engage in some illegal oil ships deal on the high seas in order to avoid the payment of taxes whilst others claims to be exporting the products to the land locked countries only to divert and sell the products locally.
According to the tax regulations, petroleum products being exported to the land lock countries does not attract taxes from Ghana.
Some

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.959942
Retrieved Text: - E.g. I’m laying responsibility for this mess at your door!
- E.g. Don’t put this at my door!
2. Fig. to give or assign a problem to someone for solving.
- E.g. I am going to lay this problem right at your door. You are the one who can settle it.
- E.g. I will put this business at your door and hope you can do something about it.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.589695
Retrieved Text: On the 20th day of the 2017 A to Z Blog Challenge, the featured letter is “T.” Most people don’t enjoy reading about taxes, but today I am blogging about the 1863 Cabarrus County Tax Assessment. I can safely say that there is only one Cabarrus County in the United States, and it is located in the southern piedmont of North Carolina.
Cabarrus County is one of the few North Carolina counties for which the 1863 Tax Assessment records exist.
It is sobering to read the pages of the 1863 Cabarrus County Tax Assessment. It is a list of every slave owner in Cabarrus County, North Carolina at that time, along with the name, age, physical condition, and monetary value of each of their slaves. I can’t imagine what it must feel like to read this tax document through African American eyes.
The following is a slightly edited version of one of my local history newspaper columns published in 2006 in Harrisburg Horizons weekly newspaper. The name of my column was, “Did You Know?” The original version of the article can be found on my website at http://janetmorrisonbooks.com/1863%20tax.html.
Did you know that Cabarrus County is one of the few counties in North Carolina for which the 1863 Tax Assessment records exist? It wasn’t until I inquired in Charlotte and at the State Archives in Raleigh that I learned that no such records survived for Mecklenburg County.
The Congress of the Confederate States of America passed Statute 177 on August 19, 1861, which authorized the levying of a tax to help finance

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.435266
Retrieved Text: This op-ed originally appeared in The Washington Post on Thursday, December 22, 2005 The report issued last month by President Bush's Advisory Panel on Federal Tax Reform landed in no-man's land. The right was disappointed that its proposals were so timid, and the left was critical because the report highlighted the damaging impact of high tax rates on work, saving and investment.
When then-Governor Reagan was behind in the polls to then-President Carter, he announced his support for major tax reform and advocated tax cuts to stimulate economic activity. And we all know how that turned out. Reagan’s association with the supply-side economic ideas of Jack Kemp and Arthur Laffer may have very well been the catalyst that propelled him to victory in 1980. When President Reagan actually proposed major tax reform that included tax-rate reductions across-the-board, his critics labeled the plan “voodoo economics.” Another derogatory term, “trickle-down” economics (meaning the benefits of tax cuts for the rich would eventually get to the poor), characterized the economic and political world’s disbelief in the dynamic effect of tax-rate reductions.
The two primary architects of Congress's last major tax reform say President Bush so far has failed to lay the groundwork for his ambitious tax agenda and will have to invest a vast amount of political capital to succeed in broadly simplifying the tax code.
Matt Drudge got conservatives' hopes up for nothing Monday when he ran a story that Speaker of the House Denny Hastert planned to "push for replacing the nation's current tax system with a national sales tax

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.91291
Retrieved Text: AN elderly man who collapsed on the pavement in Salisbury city centre nearly died after he lay there for four hours while people just walked by.
Brian Courtney, 77, developed hypothermia as he lay unconscious in Bedwin Street while passers-by ignored him.
The great-grandfather had driven to Salt Lane car park and was on his way to Castle Street doctor’s surgery at 8am last Wednesday when he fell.
He lay in the street until 12noon when someone finally called an ambulance.
His body temperature was down to 26C and doctors said they couldn’t believe he’d survived his ordeal.
Mr Courtney, who suffers from a kidney condition, was rushed to Salisbury District Hospital and treated in intensive care.
He was transferred to the renal unit at Queen Alexandra Hospital in Portsmouth where he is undergoing intensive dialysis. His family doesn’t know if he will make a full recovery.
“I can’t believe that nobody stopped to help him,” said his daughter Karen Paddington.
“It was only just above freezing and hundreds of people must have walked or driven past him.
Mr Courtney, a retired gardener, lives in warden controlled accommodation off Wilton Road in Salisbury.
He has lived in the city his whole life.
“It makes you question how caring people really are here,” said Mrs Paddington, of Bishopdown Farm.
“I hope reading this pokes people’s consciences if they just stepped over him.
“It makes me think that we all have a responsibility to stop and make sure that someone is all right especially when it’s that cold.
“Even if you think they might be drunk or sleeping rough you could still

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.82893
Retrieved Text: The poorest nation in western Europe needs to implement some transformative economic policies if it is serious about making up ground on its affluent neighbours. Here’s one proposal for such a policy.
From April 2019, the Welsh Government will have some influence over income taxes. At first glance, the powers that will be devolved appear to be very limited. The UK Government will continue to determine the overall architecture of the income tax system – the size and scope of tax-free allowances, the number of different bands of tax rate and their thresholds will all continue to be determined in Westminster. The powers that the Welsh Government will gain roughly equate to those that the Scottish Government have held for the past 18 years, and have chosen not to utilise.
Most of the discussion to date around how, and whether, the Welsh Government should exercise these new fiscal powers has focused narrowly on the revenue-raising implications of changing income tax rates in isolation (see, for example, here).These debates, however, miss the biggest opportunity that the (albeit limited) devolution of income tax powers presents – the opportunity to radically alter the tax mix in Wales.
We need to remind ourselves that the Welsh Government already, somewhat indirectly, has the power to tax property. When the UK Government imposed freezes on Council Tax in England between 2011 and 2016, the Welsh Government did not follow suit. Furthermore, under the Wales Act (2017) “local taxes to fund local authority expenditure (for example, council tax and non-domestic rates)” are explicitly excluded from the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.828188
Retrieved Text: Paying land tax for the first time?
How does land tax work?
You pay land tax if the total taxable value of all the Victorian land you own, individually or jointly, as at 31 December, is equal to or exceeds $250,000 ($25,000 for trusts). Exempt land is not included in the total taxable value of land you own. The rate of tax you pay depends on the total taxable value of all your taxable land.
Land tax is different to vacant residential land tax, which applies to homes in inner and middle Melbourne that were vacant for more than six months in a calendar year.
Your 2019 land tax is calculated on the site value of all taxable land you owned on 31 December 2018. We use the site values prepared by councils in 2018 to calculate your 2019 land tax. Most Victorian land has increased in value since it was previously valued in 2016. This means the total taxable value of your land will have increased, affecting the amount of land tax you have to pay.
You may have received a land tax assessment for the first time. If so, we have information and tools to help you understand why and what you should do.
Investment properties, including residential rental properties.
Commercial properties such as retail shops, office premises and factories.
Who is a land owner?
Hold the freehold title to land.
Hold a lease of Crown land.
Hold a Crown land licence with an absolute or conditional right to acquire the land.
Manage a title-based, time-sharing scheme.
Are a beneficiary or unitholder of certain trusts.
Sometimes, when land

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.776188
Retrieved Text: Fredericksburgh township was surveyed in 1783 and markers for the lot lines placed in 1784. Due to the strong desire of the Loyalist settlers for each of the Loyalist corps to remain together (and not be split between townships) the eastern portion of Adolphustown were taken away and added to Fredericksburgh. These lands have been known for over two hundred years as the Fredericksburgh Additional. The main part of Fredericksburgh is known as the Fredericksburgh Original. This is an important point for the researcher to grasp, as it means that lot numbers one to twelve have been used twice. The researcher must know whether the lot is in the Original, or the Additional.
After years of bickering, Fredericksburgh was split in June of 1857 to create North Fredericksburgh and South Fredericksburgh. South Fredericksburgh comprised concessions I through III. North Fredericksburgh comprised concessions IV through VII and included the urban developments of Napanee which lay south of the Napanee River (Clark[s]ville and South Napanee). Ironically, the two Fredericksburghs are united once again, as they are now both part of the municipality of Greater Napanee.
Fredericksburgh families have always proudly proclaimed that they were holding Town Meetings as early as their neighbours in Adolphustown, but unfortunately almost nothing from the period before Confederation (1867) survives. In June, 1907, Peter Bristol presented to the Lennox and Addington Historical Society one of the precious few documents from the pre-Confederation period, an Assessment Roll from 1845. This lists all 508 people who were to pay property tax for 1845, either because they owned

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.732782
Retrieved Text: New online state sales tax collection laws are set to go into effect today in 10 states, according to a report from Internet Retailer. The statutes, which vary by state, allow states to require the collection of state sales tax from ecommerce sellers whether or not those businesses physically operate within a state’s borders.
The states with new online sales tax rules going into effect include Alabama, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Michigan, North Dakota, Washington, and Wisconsin. Similar laws are expected to go into effect in Connecticut and Iowa in the coming months. For now, the list of states that have passed statutes or regulations to require online sales tax collection has reached 32, according to Internet Retailer.
The new laws follow the decision by the U.S. Supreme Court in June to overturn a decades-old precedent that limited state sales tax collection to retailers who maintained a physical presence within a state. In the case South Dakota v. Wayfair the court was asked to review a 1992 ruling that outlined how states and other localities could tax goods sold outside of their borders. Initially intended to regulate the catalog-based retail industry, the ruling has been challenged again and again over the years as states sought to get their fair shake with e-commerce sales—and as brick and mortar stores sought to fight back against the growing threat of online-only shops.
Kennedy went on to cite roughly $33 billion in sales tax revenue each year that states have missed out on. Additionally, the ruling cited how drastically internet access has

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.711857
Retrieved Text: Oregon billionaires, millionaires and corporate CEOs have spent about $4 million to defeat taxes on them that would save schools, health care, public safety and other government services from brutal cuts.
The Eugene Chamber of Commerce has joined the anti-tax conservatives, contributing $2,500 to campaign against Measures 66 & 67, according to the state’s campaign contribution database.
If the measures fail as the chamber wants, the already struggling local economy could be dealt a heavy blow. With the UO here, about one in five local jobs in Lane County are with state and local governments.
The 4J School District estimates that it could have to lay off 94 teachers or cut 19 school days to make up from the lost state money if the measures fail.
The UO, the county’s largest employer with about 5,000 jobs, also stands to lose millions. The UO estimates that with 21,000 students it pumps about $1.5 billion into the economy.
The Eugene Chamber donation to the “no” campaign by corporate and wealthy interests itself appears to be a corporate pass-through. The Eugene Chamber PAC reported a recent $2,500 donation from Northwest Natural Gas, a corporation that reported $1 billion in revenue last year.
Northwest Natural appears to have never donated before to the Eugene Chamber PAC, which saw its last other activity two years ago.
Almost all the taxes from Measure 67 would come from huge corporations like Northwest Natural. Many of these large corporations avoid taxes through accounting loopholes. The measure would increase the $10 corporate minimum tax (last increased 80 years ago) to a maximum

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.690212
Retrieved Text: 1. How does site value affect land tax?
Land tax is calculated using the total site value of all your taxable land, with tax rates progressively increasing as land values rise.
Generally, as land values in Victoria increase, the amount of land tax you pay increases.
Site valuations are not determined by the State Revenue Office but as part of the regular statewide general valuations process. The 2018 valuations have been used to calculate land tax in 2019.
2. I have not received a land tax assessment before, so why am I getting one now?
Land you own in Victoria may have increased in value and taken you over the land tax threshold. You pay land tax if the total taxable value of all the Victorian land you own, individually or jointly, as at 31 December, is equal to or exceeds $250,000 ($25,000 for trusts).
Other changes may also have brought you over the land tax threshold. For example, you may have bought land during the year that is not exempt or land previously exempt may no longer be exempt.
3. Do I have to pay land tax while waiting for a decision on my valuation objection?
Yes, you do have to pay land tax while awaiting a decision on your valuation objection. Under the Taxation Administration Act 1997 we have the power to recover tax even though an objection, review or appeal is pending.
If you do not pay the assessed tax, interest may accrue. If your objection is allowed or partially allowed, you will receive a refund of the overpaid tax together with

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.637352
Retrieved Text: The time is fast approaching when Malcolm Turnbull is going to have to either propose an increase in the GST or not; he is going to have to either propose cutting company and personal income tax or not or is he going to have to propose higher taxes on superannuation or not, and on who’s super will it land.
The honeymoon is nearing its end and some of his not so friendly in-laws are grumbling in the extreme right wing.
The smile I'm afraid won't be enough, even his innovation cannot do it on its own.
Its about time we saw some of the nastier decisions that we know are to come. Selling innovation is not like selling an evil smelling medicine particularly if what you can put in the medicine bottle will have to be decided with the agreement of the not so friendly in-laws.
Meanwhile bill Shorten hasn't been able to lay a glove on Malcolm, he will have to stand on the sideline hoping for Malcolm to score an own goal, or for his in-laws to put sugar in his petrol tank.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.635494
Retrieved Text: The Green Party’s Baroness Jones of Moulsecoomb is to present a Land Value Tax Bill to the House of Lords today June 11. The Land Value Tax Bill requires the Government to undertake research into the feasibility of a Land Value Tax.
A Land Value Tax is a tax levied on the unimproved site value of the property. This will depend on the value of the land, rather than the property on it. It will also be paid by the owner instead of the occupier. This tax will replace National Non-domestics Rates and Council tax and would reduce levels of land banking (the practice of developers’ hoarding of prime site land).
Research from Andy Wightman, a land reform analyst, suggests that 83% of households across England would receive lower council tax bills in the first year of operation. The idea of a Land Value Tax has been endorsed by think tank Compass, the Mirrless Review, and Winston Churchill. It has also been implemented in other countries such as Australia, New Zealand, Estonia and Denmark.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.602463
Retrieved Text: back to Henry George and the single tax movement.
book, Poverty and Progress, published in 1879.
government principally through property taxes on land.
such a tax would not only be more fair, it would also be more efficient.
In fact, as modern economists have demonstrated.
the distribution of income, without harming the productivity of the economy.
in doing so, prove this point.
result in no distortions of allocative inefficiencies.
on all land rent paid by farmers to landowners.
I'm talking about a pure tax on land alone.
this is not a tax on the buildings on the land.
Nor is it a tax on building improvements.
This clarification is an important one.
The reason is that while the supply curve for land is vertical.
The supply curve for buildings and building improvements is upward sloping.
This is because the price of such improvements surely affects their supply.
why don't you take a minute now to draw a graph of the market for land.
50% tax on the quantity of land supplied and demanded.
You can see that the initial equillibrium is at point e.
quantity of land supplied and demanded remains the same.
about this figure, one that has great historical significance.
paying this tax, the farmer or the landowner?
the farmer pays out for the land remains the same at $200.
and let's give the other half to the government.
Thus, in economics, we say that the landlord bears the burden of the tax.
Now, besides this tax incidence question, there is an equally interesting question.
inefficiency or deadweight loss associated with this tax?
Now this answer may surprise you.
to no allocative inefficiency or dead weight loss.
The reason is that a tax

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.569862
Retrieved Text: A number of key changes to salary sacrifice schemes are on the horizon. Jonathan Watts-Lay outlines which will affect employees the most.
When it comes to having a decent retirement income individuals have three main options, says Jonathan Watts-Lay at WEALTH at work.
What is the future for Isas?
Isas can still play a significant part in creating a tax-efficient investment strategy, says Jonathan Watts-Lay at WEALTH at Work.
What does a High Court decision on pension transfers mean for individuals and scammers, asks Jonathan Watts-Lay at WEALTH at work.
Financial futures: Budget pension changes part two?
Jonathan Watts-Lay speculates on proposed changes to the tax relief on pensions which may be announced in the Budget.
It's important to save towards retirement and of course many aren't saving enough. However, some retirees may not need as much as they think.
Much hype surrounds the proliferation of robo-advice, and there are many reasons why those approaching retirement need to be wary.
How can individuals that may only have basic financial knowledge be expected to make a choice about something that they may not understand?
What can be done to encourage greater engagement among staff, and greater willingness to pay in more than the minimum into their pensions?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.5389
Retrieved Text: The females only come to land to lay eggs on a sandy beach, where they dig a hole and lay about 100 eggs and then cover them with sand. Once hatchlings (baby turtles) reach the sea, only the females will ever return to the land again when they come to lay their eggs as adults.
Tropical and subtropical areas of the Indo-Pacific region.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.473307
Retrieved Text: Under the current draft there are three tax rates depending on the purpose of land usage. Land and buildings set aside for commercial use are subject to an annual assessment of not more than 0.5% of the value of the land, residential land and buildings will be taxed a maximum of 0.1% and farmland is taxed not more than 0.05% of annual valuation prices.
There are penalties for owners of undeveloped land.
"We are considering increasing the ceiling above 0.5% to benefit the country," said Dr Somchai.
Landlords with undeveloped land plots would be subject to tax rates that double every three years, up to a maximum charge of 2% of the land value per year, a fee aimed at encouraging greater efficiency in land use.
Dr Somchai added even though tax ceiling rates may be increased, these are maximum rates, and it is up to the local communities to determine the actual tax rate.
It plans to amend the land tax exemption for low-income earners, which shields most of the poor from significant tax burdens.
Under the existing draft, an owner of a condominium unit with a maximum space of 50 square meters is subject to a tax exemption.
Houses on plots less than 50 square wah in size and valued 1 million baht or less receive the same exemption.
Because land prices in large cities far exceed those in rural areas, it will amend the draft land tax bill to allow tax exemption for houses with total value of less than 1 million baht regardless of the size.
The Finance Ministry is concerned

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.457071
Retrieved Text: October 23, 2007 -- Toronto City Council has approved a municipal land transfer tax that will be levied on top of the provincial land transfer tax. TREB worked very hard to oppose this tax and commends the efforts of REALTORS® on this issue. TREB took a strong position to oppose this tax as unfair in principle and refused to compromise. As a direct result of this strong position, City Council was forced to make a number of amendments to the City’s original proposal, including rebates for first-time buyers, a reduced rate, and grandfathering for existing transactions.
The following is based on currently available information. Some information from the City is available here.
What was approved by City Council?
Yes. Any transactions where the purchaser and vendor have entered into an Agreement of Purchase and Sale for the property on or before December 31, 2007, and closing after the TLTT takes effect on February 1, 2008, will be REBATED the full amount of the Toronto land transfer tax, regardless of how long after February 1, 2008 the closing date is. (Note: Media reports that closings must occur by Feb. 1, 2008 are inaccurate.) Agreements closing before February 1, 2008 do not pay the tax. Teranet will be collecting the Toronto land transfer tax for the City of Toronto. Once the City’s rebate policies are reflected in Teranet’s collection system, the rebate-eligible amount will be exempt at the time of registration. The City previously indicated that these arrangements would not be made until the “spring of 2008”, but has now indicated

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.420923
Retrieved Text: Those that work for the prison system and the politicians who do their bidding know the cost to house him exceeds any debt he owes, so “paying his debt to society” in this was is evidence that there are ulterior motives to his incarceration. There are other things he could do that would be a better help to him and others rather than putting him into a locked prison.
Strangely there are many people who don’t realize debtors prison had been revived some time ago, and honestly believe they can’t be incarcerated for debt. So people should take heed and read this carefully. There are many ways to land yourself inside cement walls. They are getting creative with assigned more and more ways to imprison people who are guilty of a crime that needs them separated from society to learn their lesson.
Funny how that is worded huh? “My Debt to Society”… As tax payers lay to house me for my crime I am paying my debt to society with what is to be warehoused years of my life. There is absolutely no reason for my debt besides the seriousness of my crime, for I am not a threat to society, I am not a career criminal. I’d much rather pay my debt to society in a trail of redemption being a tax payer and being a part of life changing experiences for myself and others.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.408403
Retrieved Text: The Ypsilanti Mayors discuss all the reasons the Citizens of Ypsilanti need to bail them out with a City Income Tax and Water Street Millage because of their continued poor decision making.
We have written several times now how the City of Ypsilanti is spending more money and energy getting information out about the City Income Tax and Water Street millage then they are trying to sell Water Street. Well it gets worse. CB Richard Ellis was hired by the City to market and sell Water Street. If you go to the CBRE website and search for 48198, Water Street is nowhere to be found.
They do have an icon on Water Street but the description is for 9 acre industrial site next to Carter Lumber in the Township.
If you search for Ypsilanti and don’t put the zip, code you will find a listing for Water Street but the directions are wrong saying West Michigan rather than East Michigan.
Why hasn’t the city checked on this in the last 2 years? Oh wait we know why, they are more interested chasing grants and spending precious city resources on a Climate Action Plan and writing Planned Unit Development plans for for non-existent Water Street developers then they are in actually trying to sell Water Street.
Or perhaps the reason is because the City never renewed their contract with CBRE in over a year.
Turns out both of these are true.
Not only is there no contract with CBRE, CBRE wants to work out details on how giving away land for the rec center

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.389267
Retrieved Text: The comment was not to lay blame but to remind the principal that leadership was about leading. How good of a leader can one be if no one is ready to follow?
Instead of laying blame on others on why they won’t move forward, ask questions, get to know where they are coming from, and go to them. Leadership is both push and pull. It is not about getting someone to jump from A to Z, but finding out where the point A is, what that looks like, and sometimes walking beside them to help them build confidence and competence along the way to get to that point B. After that, point C doesn’t seem so bad.
Of course, this is not to say the individual doesn’t have a responsibility for their growth either. But understand, you cannot change anyone. You can only create the conditions where change is more likely to happen.
Just remember that the next time you get frustrated with someone seemingly not moving forward, don’t try to figure out what is wrong with them or their attitude. Figure out what you can do to support them on their journey. Complaining about what is wrong will never make it right.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.289957
Retrieved Text: NOTE: Payroll tax is not the same as PAYG withholding tax collected by the Australian Taxation Office (ATO). PAYG is the tax deducted from an employee’s income and forwarded to the ATO.
All landowners, except those in the Northern Territory, may be liable for land tax. In the Australian Capital Territory land tax is levied on lessees under a Crown lease, because land generally cannot be acquired under freehold title. Landowners are generally liable for land tax when the unimproved value of taxable land exceeds certain thresholds (excluding the ACT).
In some states, deductions and rebates are available, depending on how the land is used. Principal places of residence are generally exempt from land tax, however this depends on particular qualifying criteria (these vary between jurisdictions).
The stamp duty rate varies according to the type of transaction and its value. Depending on the nature of the transaction, certain concessions and exemptions may be available.
© 2019 AC Morris & CO.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.27603
Retrieved Text: It’s becoming increasingly difficult to make money by buying and selling residential property. Many would say that’s a good thing.
In 2015 the National government introduced a “bright line” tax. The tax was introduced to reduce speculation on the housing market and make homes more affordable. This law made gains from the sale of residential property sold within two years of purchase taxable (with some exceptions).
On 29 March 2018 the Labour government extended the period to five years. Tax is now payable on the gains made if a residential property bought after 29 March 2018 is sold within five years of its purchase. For residential land bought after 1 October 2015 and sold within two years the two year bright line period still applies.
By making the tax payable when a property is sold within a clearly defined period there is little room for argument – the sale is either taking place within the period or it is not. Therefore the tax is either payable or it is not. This is a “bright line test”.
The dates when the bright line period starts and finishes depend on the type of transaction. For a standard sale and purchase it starts when the person is registered as the owner and ends when the person signs an agreement to sell the land.
Under the existing tax rules the gains on land purchased with the “intention” of selling it are taxable. It can be very hard to prove what someone’s intention was when the land was purchased. The introduction of the bright line test

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.2526
Retrieved Text: Tax is complex, and it's natural that people would change their mind when they come into contact with new arguments and new evidence. In the past I've argued that we should only tax unimproved land values. After all, taxing improved land values reduces the incentive to improve land. But I've changed my mind: we have to tax value added, and we do it on everything else, so there is no reason to have a special land preference.
I have always wondered why land value tax enthusiasts were so obsessed with VAT. They have a very specific animus against it, as will surely be demonstrated in many twitter replies to this very piece. Nearly all taxes reduce value-added.
Taxes on capital income reduce the incentive to add value by saving and building up capital. Taxes on labour income reduce the incentive to add value by working, and indeed by gaining experience, qualifications, and skills. Transactions taxes reduce all of this and reduce the value added when something moves from someone who values it less to someone who values it more.
The only exceptions are firstly Pigovian Taxes that balance out externalities—they're more like prices than levies, and make people take into account the cost of their behaviour to others—and secondly lump sum taxes.
Lump sum taxes are those that are extremely difficult to avoid. There's a general rule that the more elastic the response to a given tax, the more inefficient it is; each pound changes more behaviour. Well the response to lump sum taxes is the least elastic—the most inelastic—of

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: The word "leave" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Leave lots of time for the trip.
Sentence 2: This leaves no room for improvement.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.991583
Retrieved Text: STUDENT The afterschool program will be in Mrs. Cool’s room today. Track Meet today at home. Anyone interested in playing IESA golf, please see Mr. Campbell.
STUDENT The afterschool program will be in Mrs. Pickerill’s room today. Anyone interested in playing IESA golf, please see Mr. Campbell. CSI today during lunch. Kevin Purdy will be here.
STUDENT The afterschool program will be in Mrs. Pickerill’s room today. Friday, January 15th is the end of the nine weeks. Report cards go out Thursday, March 21st.
STUDENT The afterschool program will be in Miss Wahlfeldt’s room after school. Scholastic Bowl meet at Armstrong. Please dismiss players 2:55. Bus leaves at 3:00. Don’t forget that Fun Night is this Saturday and it starts at 4:00 p.m. Come and enjoy the inflatables and the auction starts at 6:00 p.m.
STUDENT The afterschool program will be in Mrs. Pickerill’s room after school. No Board Club game today. Scholastic Bowl meet at Oakwood. Bus leaves at 3:00. Please dismiss team members at 2:55 p.m.
STUDENT EARLY DISMISSAL AT 11:40 TODAY FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. No Board Club game on Monday. 8th grade volleyball will play tomorrow at 10:00 a.m.
STUDENT EARLY DISMISSAL AT 11:40 TOMORROW FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. EAGLE HOUR SCHEDULE TODAY! DETENTIONS TODAY. REPORT TO MR. FOSTER’S ROOM AFTER SCHOOL. The after school program will be in Mr. Packard’s room today. Scholastic Bowl bus leaves at 2:45 today for Chrisman.
STUDENT EARLY DISMISSAL AT 11:40 THIS FRIDAY, MARCH 1ST FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. The after school program will be in Mr. Packard’s room today. Today, Wednesday, February 27, during lunch

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.690853
Retrieved Text: Here we have found several different types of dining room tables with leaves design ideas, and if you are serious about searching for the best furniture design ideas, you can come to us. The Attractive Dining Room Tables With Leaves Other Dining Room Tables With Leafs Dining Room Tables With Leaves is one of the pictures that are related to the picture before in the collection gallery. The exactly dimension of Attractive Dining Room Tables With Leaves Other Dining Room Tables With Leafs Dining Room Tables With Leaves is 642×482 pixels published by simply Andi. You can also look for some pictures that related of Home Furniture Ideas by scroll down to collection on below this picture. If you want to find the other picture or article about Dining Room Tables With Leaves just push the gallery or if you are interested in similar pictures of Attractive Dining Room Tables With Leaves Other Dining Room Tables With Leafs Dining Room Tables With Leaves, you are free to browse through search feature that located on top this page or random post section at below of this post. We hope it can help you to get information of this picture.
That image of Attractive Dining Room Tables With Leaves Other Dining Room Tables With Leafs Dining Room Tables With Leaves is a part of antique dining room tables with leaves, dining room table leaf brackets, dining room table leaves covers, and just one of our Picture Collection we have to home furniture ideas in this site. If you’re inspired,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.21151
Retrieved Text: This Plainview listing includes an additional lot, where the taxes and lot size are already reflected in the listing price. The living room holds a home-like feeling with its fireplace, and the full basement leaves much room for improvement. You must see this three bedroom one bath bungalow to appreciate its home-like charm.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.90519
Retrieved Text: The stock exhaust system on the BMW 135i leaves a lot of room for improvement. It does a good job at suppressing exhaust noise, but also corks what is otherwise a wonderful sound. cp-e™ has designed a two part system, the QuickPower™ and the Austenite™ Cat Back system, to get the most out of your 135i.
Earn up to 51 BoostBucks.
The stock exhaust system on the BMW 135i leaves a lot of room for improvement. It does a good job at suppressing exhaust noise, but also corks what is otherwise a wonderful sound. cp-e™ has designed a two part system, the QuickPower™ BMW 135 Test Pipes and the Austenite™ Cat Back system, to get the most out of your 135i.
We improved upon the factory system, with our QuickPower™ BMW 135 Test Pipes, by enlarging the mid-pipes by approximately 0.25″ to accommodate increased turbocharger duty. The single resonator cross-over is replaced with our optional dual 8-inch hybrid mufflers, or you can option out these mufflers for the least restriction possible. We believe that the cp-e™ QuickPower™ provides the perfect blend of performance and sound without any of the drawbacks from which most aftermarket exhausts typically suffer.
The cp-e™ QuickPower™ replaces the middle section, which includes the pipes from the downpipes to the axle. Or opt to replace everything from the downpipe back, which includes our Austenite™ Cat Back Exhaust. No matter which options you choose, the cp-e™ 135i exhaust is a 100% bolt-in system that requires no cutting, grinding, or welding. Welcome to the product of serious engineering.
The cp-e™

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.637222
Retrieved Text: omaha nebraska train station photograph of the in central city home improvement license.
boys red pajamas dragon home improvement cast karen.
trex cars t rex for sale used.
teal yellow and grey living room gray rooms decor idea.
floral print mother of the bride dresses lace sleeve dress.
mini ciroc bottle price monkey gin apple small.
roses with leaves black spots.
making a charm bracelet have you seen all the leather bracelets everywhere rage now can make your own quickly and easily with this tutorial pandora.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.529259
Retrieved Text: Saturday morning I leave for NYC and my schedule is jam packed with lunches, dinners and lots of wine! And of course my brothers gradutation!
These are my regular spots and I can’t wait to be back!
Have a great trip! Time to scoot down to Philly for a dinner?
Hi! Unfortunately I only have a short week before returning to Norway. But I hope to come back for a longer trip soon!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.2039
Retrieved Text: Leave Your car to us!
Parking lots close to Modlin Airport. Check us today!
On 16th July 2012 Modlin Airport will start operation on domestic and international flights. Are you going on vacation or a business trip ? Your trip will be more comfortable with us.
Parking Lotnisko-Modlin is the first alternative to the main airport parking!
We offer safe and inexpensive parking space located just 2 - 3 minutes drive from the Airport! Leave your car and get transfered to the terminal by our quick and comfortable shuttle service!
When planning a trip please take into account going through the city. Between 7.00 a.m. and 09.00 a.m. there can be traffic on the entrance to the city from every direction. Between 3.30 p.m. and 7.00 p.m traffic can occur on the roads going out of the city. Several streets in Warsaw are closed, and as a result there can be some additional difficulties (especially on Mondays and Fridays, the journey time can be prolonged). Fort those customers, who plan to arrive to our parking from Lublin, Rzeszów, Radom, Rawa Mazowiecka in the time mentioned above, it’s advisable to leave home earlier.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.814613
Retrieved Text: Tomorrow, I leave for my second visit to Tokyo. This time, I'm going with someone I love. That someone also speaks Japanese. I can't wait!!!
I am so glad that even though this is only a 3-day trip, I can still feel the rush of travel whirring though me as I start to pack. Lots of cherry blossom videos coming up, just for you.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.781208
Retrieved Text: The Bowen Technique is a remedial, hands-on therapy that is applied using very gentle pressure. The practitioner uses thumbs and fingers on precise points of the body to perform Bowen’s unique sets of rolling-type moves which stimulate the muscles and soft tissue of the body. There is no manipulation or adjustment of hard tissue and no force is used. In between each set of moves, the practitioner leaves the room. These pauses and the gentleness of the treatment are what make Bowen unique.
The experience of a treatment is gentle, subtle and relaxing. It is believed that the Bowen Technique prompts the body to reset, repair and balance itself and clients report the experience of pain relief, improvement of function and recovery of energy.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.70799
Retrieved Text: Category: BLOG | Page 6 | Smart Home Choice Inc.
How Hard Is It To Leave Your Full Time Job?
How Hard are Your RRSP’s Working For You?
A Trip to the U.S. We recently came home from a 5 day stay in Auburn Hills, Michigan. The weather was great, the shopping amazing and lots of dining options.
Is Now the Right Time to Invest? What Happened to the U.S.?
Is it Possible to Have a Win Win Scenario?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.578852
Retrieved Text: We actually tried to leave our cameras behind a bit on this trip, but managed to grab a few shots that we wanted to share!
We'd both been to Charleston once before, but separately, so we couldn't wait to visit together. Delyn visited in 2015 when shooting for a fashion line, and I visited in 2013 with the Dovetail Companies employee appreciation trip-- very different experiences but both gave us a desire to come back and see more. Bottom line: Del got to see the prettiest places last time and I got to explore the downtown/historic districts and eat lots of food. Needless to say, we both kind of wanted to see the other half of the experience. So Delyn took me back to the places he shot (Magnolia Plantation and Gardens) and I made sure to balance out plenty of walking, sightseeing, and restaurants.
An added bonus was that we got to stay an extra night because my brother lives in Charleston (can't wait to visit again), so we arrived a whole day before our AirBNB reservation to spend some time having him show us around! After two days of LOTS of walking, exploring, and eating we decided to RELAX on Saturday by spending a day at Folly Beach with more family that was in for the day. All in all, we might not have a crazy lineup of photos to share, but our trip was a perfect first getaway to explore the area!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.553185
Retrieved Text: Hi folks! It’s been a little while but we wanted to check in, say hello and let you know we haven’t thrown in the towel on blogging. We’ve had a great summer filled with some quality family time and lots of friend’s wedding, birthday and bachelorette celebrations! Farrell recently started a new job and I have been busy working on developing my vintage shop, The Disco Emporium (take a look at many of my new pieces here). Tomorrow I leave for a three week trip to Bali and Java! I’m super excited and hope to post lots of pictures while I’m away. We’re going to get back to a regular blogging schedule once I’m back but in the mean time we’ll be posting a bit here and there.
Hoping all is well in your world!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.524942
Retrieved Text: We got out today before the storm hits, had another amazing day. We got 6 limits of Lingcod and rockfish added 2 limits of ocean crab. We saw 4 whales and over 100 dolphins. It was a terrific day on the ocean today.
The Deep-Water Lingcod & Rockfish charter is Pacific Charter Service’s signature trip. It has the reputation for being the best fishing charter of the Oregon Coast, and customers have been 100% satisfied year after year fishing with us. We know people want to catch lots of big fish, have a great memorable experience, and leave at the end of the day feeling as though they made new friends. That’s what it’s all about!
Charter fishing trips never have more than six customers at a time, plus two crew. Customers can enjoy personalized service without the crowded environment. This makes for a friendly and relaxed guided fishing trip, which is great for families and avid sport fishermen alike. All the bait & tackle is provided. Each fishing charter starts with a fresh cup of coffee at check-in at our charter office, and then a short walk to board our boat. Travel time is about 30 minutes once we leave the dock to arrive at our fishing destination, which is about 8 miles South of the jetty. Captain Curt will provide all the help and coaching needed to ensure you have a successful fishing trip.
Charter fishing out of Coos Bay offers an experience of a lifetime. Charleston, Oregon is the marina complex that serves Coos Bay, and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.256493
Retrieved Text: Here is a compassionate letter I wrote to myself as part of my journey in learning to love who I am.
Self-doubt is something I, along with many others, experience on a day-to-day basis. In fact, the only reason I held off from creating a blog until now was because I didn't feel that I was good enough. I am constantly doubting whether my writing is of the same quality as others, and I know not to compare my work to others (we all have different styles after all) but it doesn't stop me from thinking that what I produce isn't as good as it could be. It is for this reason I suppose, that I hesitate before calling myself a writer. Instead, I call myself an aspiring writer. The word aspiring leaves some wiggle room. It clearly shows my aim, but leaves enough space for improvement.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.235594
Retrieved Text: Posted on 24 Mar 2017.
I'm very excited to give you a sneak preview of my forthcoming project with regular collaborator and friend David Lyttle. David has been given a major award from the Arts Council of Northern Ireland. This grant will fund a US tour, the details of which we have been planning for well over a year.
It's only a few days till we leave, so I thought I'd let you year about some of what we have planned. The trip lasts 30 days, and will take place over the month of April. During this time we will be travelling from Los Angeles right across to New York, stopping at everywhere in between. I'm really looking forward to the performances. We will be performing in established arts venues, as well as some more unusual performance environments! I'm really looking forward to collaborating with lots of exciting musicians, and making lots of new friends! We will be vlogging the trip for MOBO Awards, so you can keep up to date with the trip on their YouTube channel MOBO TV.
I must also acknowledge the support of Arts Council England, who have very generously supported my involvement in the project. I will be using their support to make contacts, and compose music based on the experiences, which will form the basis for my next album, set to be recorded in December 2017.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.216743
Retrieved Text: Bags are packed (almost!), camera batteries charged, memory cards wiped and ready for action!
I leave in a few hours for Glasgow airport, then on to Dubai for a brief stop-over before continuing on to Osaka.
This will be my second trip to the Kansai region of Japan, but my first with the new camera, so I’m looking forward to re-shooting a few of the places I enjoyed visiting first time around.
The EOS 5D Mark III has a much better sensor than my previous camera, so I’m also looking forward to shooting some of the locations where low light and no tripod stopped me last time!
I normally concentrate on landscapes and architecture when I’m travelling but on this trip I’m hoping to try to capture something of the Japanese people and culture too… so fingers crossed!
One thing is for sure – I’ll be taking LOTS of photos!
I won’t have any way of uploading images directly from the camera while I’m away, but, I will try to upload as many “behind the scenes” shots from my iPhone as I go!
I hope you enjoy accompanying me on this trip!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.192163
Retrieved Text: Cruises can bring you to places like San Francisco, Victoria, Vancouver, Caribbean, Asia, Europe, South America, New Zealand, etc. In this few decades there are more and more traffics on any roads, so of course it became harder to drive and also takes longer time to get to a place. Most people will not want to be stock in any traffics when they are on a vacation. So choose to go on a vacation in a cruise will be a good way to get out of busy roads, in this case you can enjoy lots of entertainment center in the cruise.
Cruises that leave from Seattle have lots of routes that go to many places on the west coast. There are choices for you such as you can go to three different place in one trip, or there are choices of short trip, too. Which only bring you to one place. This kind of short trip will be good for you if you just want to go somewhere on weekend for two or three days.
On cruises there are free Wi-Fi, swimming pool, water slides, bar, and restaurants for dining. Also the light that every cruises light at night is a super beautiful view that people always want to see and take pictures for memories. Each cruise lines have multiple deals for customers to choose, so you can find the deal that fits you the best and go on a trip on the oceans for days! Maybe someday you will want to take cruises to go travel all

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.147991
Retrieved Text: Make sure you pack lots of snacks and drinks. This will save you if you don’t come across any place to eat, and it’ll save you money. Make sure you have lots of bottled water and pre-packed snacks. You might want to create each person in the car their own snack pack to eat as they wish. However, you might want everybody to eat their snacks together to deter a person from eating all of theirs at once and getting hungry again later.
If possible, take it in turns to drive. This gives each of you a chance to rest and stay safe. You can also stay on the road for longer, stopping you from needing to stop for a rest or sleep. You’ll get to where you’re going faster this way and have the chance to enjoy the road trip without being behind the wheel the whole time.
Driving at night can be so much easier for many reasons. Leaving at night can be more peaceful – while your kids sleep in the back, you and your driving partner can have uninterrupted conversations. You can get to where you’re going faster too, as there won’t be as many cars on the road, or distractions. If you want a peaceful, hassle free drive, this could be the way to do it. If you don’t want to leave in the middle of the night, consider leaving early in the morning instead.
Make sure everybody in the car stays as safe as possible on the drive to where you’re going. Ensure

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.132795
Retrieved Text: well... i aint got nowt much to say..
watching an innocent lamb get tortured for a whole day, then being taken to safety..
that song for the end credits was Brackish, by Kittie, if im not mistooken.
do all the creatures meet their demise in your fables (;_;), the lil screams are funny though (^^), the ending music was cool too!
This movie was pretty funny, and the ending was good, but it kinda lasted forever.And in the end the violence was a bit tedious. It leaves room for improvement. A solid 7.
uh' lampchops? whata way to go!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.025032
Retrieved Text: At KareBear kennels we will look after your dog as if they were one of our own.
Work full time, part time or even just going out for a day trip and don't want to leave your dog on their own? Leave them with us for the day and we will take care of them.
We supply the quality food for your dog during their stay with us, if they are on a special diet you can supply the food.
All our kennels are heated during the colder months to keep your dogs warm and cosy, to make them feel at home.
We take your dogs out to play regularly to make sure they get lots of exercise during their stay at KareBear Kennels.
for dogs or more days please contact KareBear Kennels.
All dogs must have up to date vaccinations before staying with us and we highly recommend kennel cough vaccinations before your dogs come.
© KareBear Kennels and Doggy Day Care, all rights reserved.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.0169
Retrieved Text: I went yesterday to the press conference for the release of the Food Policy Action 2015 Scorecard.
Food Policy Action aims to improve national discussions of food policy issues by informing the public about how elected officials vote on these issues. Hence: the Scorecard.
In the Senate, for example, there were just 5 bills to be voted on an 10 that were co-sponsored (but not voted on). In the House, there were votes on 10 bills and 12 that were co-sponsored (no vote). This leaves lots of room for improvement, even among the best.
The speakers explained to the kids that the Scorecard gave grades to members of Congress, just like they get, and took them through a discussion of thumbs up and thumbs down appraisals of legislators’ votes on key food issues. Congress is doing a little better this year than last, they said, but still has a long way to go.
Those of us in New York are lucky. Both of our Senators, Kirsten Gillbrand and Charles Schumer scored 100.
Here are my reports on the Scorecards from 2013 and 2014. The Scorecard is a great first step in holding legislators accountable.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.009798
Retrieved Text: - Weather Talk previals again! Where do YOU keep your thermostat?
- Hampton Inn - John's outgrown them. They look like Grandma's Closet.
- Where do you stay? Michael wants stuff done for him.
- Christine's trip to Disneyland - lots to go over in a short time.
- Lightning round of favorites.
- What's your Disney age?
- Churro discussion - Christine got a bad churro.
- Take It or Leave It - Short Trips. Christine says no. John leaves it. Michael takes it with conditions. Gary leaves it - we think. Cindy takes it!
- Myrtle Beach and Ocean City crazy crowds.
- Star Wars stuff coming to Disney's Hollywood Studios - maybe soon to be Disney's Hollywood Adventure. Lots of changes ahead.
- Quick hit topics, Epcot breakfast. DVC Expansion at Wilderness Lodge. Disney Quest closing. TCM changes to Great Movie Ride.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.008862
Retrieved Text: We have now raised 25% of our fundraising goal! A heartfelt thanks to all those who have so generously supported our mission trip so far! But we still have a long way to go and only over two weeks until we leave for Honduras so please keep the donations coming!
We now have a fundraising website for the project where you can donate online and receive thank you gifts for your donation.
We completely understand if you aren't able to donate. Thank you for taking the time to visit our blog. There are definitely lots of other ways you can help us though!
Keep us in your thoughts/prayers - This is probably the most important part of our entire project so please keep the prayers and thoughts coming!
A group of children from last years mission trip waiting to be seen by the doctors.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.992044
Retrieved Text: modern rustic pendant lighting modern rustic pendant lighting bathroom light for barn and fixtures lightning mcqueen real car.
kids bbq grill play grill grill inserts custom grill inserts grill pretend play grill play grill home improvement wilson.
room design program grow room design living room furniture a finding basement grow room design simple grow room setups grow room design room layout design software free download.
deep fitted king sheets percale extra deep fitted sheet ochre super king deep fitted sheets king size cream.
teardrop light fixture teardrop light fixture related post glass teardrop light fixture teardrop light fixture glass teardrop light fixture.
mackenzie childs christmas this entire experience was magical filled with whimsy and cheer i think back so many years ago when i received my very first mackenzie childs christmas stockings.
htp boilers reviews in htp uft boiler reviews.
days of the week hanging organizer days of the week closet organizer for kids kids closet organizer large size of closet in days of the week closet organizer days of week hanging organizer.
building a covered deck backyard patio cover tips thoughts ideas and construction details of building a covered deck while it outside covers building a deck cost calculator.
table leaf storage hidden table leaves want this for leaf storage table leaf storage ideas.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.9825
Retrieved Text: One main reason why interior remodeling Lovely Bathroom Sink Knobs #2 Bathroom Sink Close Up is extremely well-liked by homeowners is the fact that it increases the value of a property. Whether you would like to boost the valuation or the features of your house, these improvements from Carol Perez will bring any homeowners to attain both objectives.
The entrance door is the first to greet guest and that means you have to change it to give your guests better feeling. This basic improvement can increase curb appeal and requires little servicing. Should you need to select between solid wood or metal front doors, you must prioritize steel entry doors.
One more preferred renovation is constructing wood outdoor patio. Browse the web for wood deck area Lovely Bathroom Sink Knobs #2 Bathroom Sink Close Up photographs and you can ascertain why the valuation on your house can soar high after adding up this lovely building.
From the inside, it is best to emphasize kitchen improvement in the interior decoration project Bathroom Sink Knobs. A small improvement including things like cabinet doors, appliances, countertops, hardware, and anything that leaves the main configuration as well as key elements of the room remain the same.
Before you begin the improvement Lovely Bathroom Sink Knobs #2 Bathroom Sink Close Up plan, you need to conduct a proper due diligence, to ensure that you are getting the best bang for your dollar with each plan.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.976206
Retrieved Text: It is generally believed that democracy, though not perfect, is yet the best form of government created by man. However, with all its merits, democracy leaves room for improvement. This book is an attempt to point out and remove the defects of democracy. Decentralization is necessary for social justice and participation in decision-making. People must be provided political literacy. It is unrealistic to expect illiterate and ill-informed people to understand political and economic issues rationally and comprehensively. Furthermore, democracy without accountability means little. As such, all those who exercise political power must be accountable for their decisions. Among rights, the freedom of expression is of fundamental importance.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.941729
Retrieved Text: Hotels Fairy is a FREE service to save you money. We never add any fees or commissions.
A Fabulous Stag Party On A Tight Budget, We Have You Covered!
Motorcycle touring in the UK can be a great way to take an interesting vacation, see lots of new places, and enjoy some of the best small town destinations and beautiful scenery in the UK.
While you may want to carry a combination of a bit of cash, traveler’s checks, and a credit card, it’s important to have at least one credit card option for your trip. Leave your debit card at home, since it doesn’t come with the innate protection of a credit card, especially if you’re a victim of theft while you’re on the road.
If you don’t already have a credit card, apply for a low-interest card with a reasonable limit. This could also act as your “emergency fund” in case your motorcycle needs service when you’re on the road in the UK.
Before you leave, contact your credit card company to let them know you’ll be traveling in the UK. Some companies will automatically shut down your card at the first sign of a charge from a foreign country, assuming that your card has been stolen.
By alerting your credit card company, you can avoid this problem so that you can use your card whenever you need to on your trip.
If you’re taking your own motorcycle on your touring trip, have it thoroughly serviced before you leave. If it breaks down on the road, you’re likely to get stuck

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.902178
Retrieved Text: Tomorrow I will be going to Lebanon for two weeks, inshallah. It's been the toughest year of university so far and I can't wait to leave rainy London! Right now I'm attempting to pack, catch up on emails and schedule blog posts to go up whilst I'm away. I'm going to try and take a lot more photos than last time (which I posted here and here), and of course that'll include my favourite hijab shops! There are lots more excited things planned for Hijab Style, so watch this space!
oh have a safe journey!
Have safe and relaxing trip Insha'Allah.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.808498
Retrieved Text: What good is a vacation if you’re sick when you get to your destination? And what was the point of all that great rest and relaxation if you’re sick when you get back home?
It’s true that travel can increase your risk of catching a bug, and it’s so common for people to get sick when they return from a trip that doctors have a term for it: leisure sickness. But maybe it’s not travel that directly causes illness. How many people do you think would come down with leisure sickness if they spent more time making sure their immune systems were protecting them properly?
There are lots of tips and tricks out there for saving your vacation once you get sick. We’ve got 5 tips for you to use right now that will help ensure you get the benefits from your time away this holiday season.
There are lots of reasons people get sick while they’re traveling. The air you breathe while on an airplane is extremely dry, making it tougher to protect against the sniffles of that noisy child behind you. This dry air can also amplify dehydration, adding another layer of stress to your natural defenses. Sleep deprivation, from flying or driving long distances, rapidly changing time zones and climates, or even simply to failing to get rest somewhere that isn’t your own bed, all take a huge toll on the immune system.Take the time your body needs to prepare for the changes you’re about to put it through. Taking an extra day off before you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.762817
Retrieved Text: OK, we've still got variable winds, rain and GOOD SWELL! It's running overhead, to slightly bigger on sets. We got lots of pictures today - Roberto was busy. Check 'em out. We surfed a good break South of San Juan Del Sur, call Playa Remanso. It was a great wave. Check out the pics. This is the first Brown sighting of the trip.
Pic 4 - the Viking spent plenty of time behind the cortina.
And how could we leave out a sequence of Mr. Brown. Pic 1.
Pic 4 - good to have you Mr. Brown.

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: The word "aliyah" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Students making aliyah.
Sentence 2: He was called on for an aliyah.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.522078
Retrieved Text: 1. Immigration by Jews into Israel or into Palestine before the founding of the state of Israel: The young couple made aliyah.
2. Any of the historical waves of such immigration.
1. the immigration of Jews to Israel.
2. the honor of being called to the reading table in a synagogue to recite the blessings over the Torah.
A Hebrew word meaning migration of Jews to Palestine, mainly from eastern Europe but eventually from throughout the Diaspora.
Noun 1. aliyah - (Judaism) the honor of being called up to the reading desk in the synagogue to read from the Torah; "he was called on for an aliyah"
2. aliyah - (Judaism) immigration of Jews to Israel; "students making aliyah"
He threatened if the warden would not be suspended, he would not only resign from the slot of Councillorship of UC Aliyot but also quit the basic membership of PML(N).
It is an encounter that took place on many levels, for one, an interpersonal level between the German-speaking Jews and the Russian and Eastern European Jewish immigrants of the Second and Third Aliyot.
A couple of aliyot later, he spoke again, this time to point out that it was the first yahrzeit of a terrorist attack in Jerusalem.
The expressway passes through Barakahu, Murree, Phulgran, Upper Topa, Lower Topa, Bhurban, Aliyot and Phagwari before ending just outside Kohala.
In this respect, the American Hebrew writers were even more culturally isolated than their contemporaries of the first Aliyot of pioneers to Palestine.
Historically, there are a couple of reasons women have not had aliyot, gone up to the bimah to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.246416
Retrieved Text: TEL AVIV, Israel – Three hundred Jewish immigrants landed at Israel's Ben Gurion Airport Monday. Both Jewish and Christian leaders gave them a joyous welcome, celebrating their "aliyah" during Israel's 70th anniversary year, helping fulfill Bible prophecy.
In Hebrew, it's called aliyah – or going up to the Land of Israel. These new immigrants are joining millions of other Israelis who've made aliyah in the 70 years since Israel became a modern nation.
Both outgoing Jewish Agency Chairman Natan Sharanksy and the new chairman, Isaac Herzog, were on hand to greet them.
Nearly 200 of these brand new soon-to-be Israelis are from France, and many of them are children. France is just one of a number of countries in Europe and throughout the globe where the danger to Jews is growing.
"It's very concerning what's happening in western Europe [and] also in other parts of the world where you see anti-Semitism raising its ugly head, whether it's in the form of anti-Semitism or anti-Israel sentiments, which are basically just masking anti-Semitism," Angels of Zion Director Danielle Mor told CBN News.
Mor says the Jewish Agency has kept a promise since Israel's rebirth as a modern nation 70 years ago.
"Never again! Never again will there be a Jewish person who is in danger, who is full of hope, who wants to come to Israel and the doors are closed," she said.
One new arrival, a pianist from France named Thierry Haddad, said radical Muslim anti-Jewish violence factored into his move.
"It's more and more true," he said. "Also, the politics [politicians] try to protect,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.14046
Retrieved Text: + What is the mission of Operation Exodus?
Aliyah is the Hebrew word for the process of making immigration to Israel. It's root meaning is "going up", esp. "going up" to the Temple. Also in Judaism -- the honour of being called up to the reading desk in the synagogue to read from the Torah.
Someone who "makes aliyah" is called an oleh (m. singular) or olah (f. singular), the plural for both is olim.
+ What is Replacement Theology?
Replacement Theology essentially teaches that the church has replaced Israel in God’s plan. Adherents of replacement theology believe the Jews are no longer God’s chosen people, and God does not have specific future plans for the nation of Israel. God has not forgotten Israel and will one day restore Israel to His intended role for the nation He has chosen (Romans Ch.11).
+ What is significant about the Jews returning to Israel?
God has made an everlasting Covenant with Abraham, giving him and his descendants the Land of Israel forever. God has also promised that Abraham's descendants via Isaac and Jacob will be returned to the Land (of Israel) from wherever He has sent them, to dwell there forever. (Leviticus 26:40-45). Also it is to Jerusalem in Israel that the Messiah will return to claim His Kingdom at the End of Days. (Acts 1:11).
+ Why do Christians get involved?
Because God has stated through His prophet Isaiah that the nations (i.e. non-Jews) will be very involved in helping the Jews return to the Land. (Isaiah 49:22-23).
Derived from Jeremiah 16:16, which speaks of men/women

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.97617
Retrieved Text: UPDATE: IT HAS BEEN BROUGHT TO MY ATTENTION THAT ALIYAH MERCEDES WILLIAMS IS NO LONGER MISSING. HER CASE INFORMATION NO LONGER APPEARS ON THE NCMEC DATABASE. AND HER NCMEC POSTER HAS APPARENTLY BEEN REMOVED. THIS IS THE MOST ACCURATE INFORMATION I HAVE.
Find missing Aliyah Mercedes Williams!
And she has not been seen again.
And she has not been heard from again.
ROANOKE, VIRGINIA–Aliyah Mercedes Williams’s last known contact was on November 25, 2018 in Roanoke, Virginia. Her D.O.B. (as given in the poster) is March 25, 2002. She is 16 years old. Aliyah Mercedes Williams is an African-American female. Her hair is black and her eyes are brown. She is described as 5’3″ tall and 135 pounds. It is believed that Aliyah may travel to West Haven, Connecticut. She has tattoos behind her ear and on her left wrist. Aliyah may be in need of medical attention. It is unknown what Aliyah was doing when she was last seen, who last saw her, or what she was wearing at the time. Nor is mode of transportation known. Aliyah is missing under unknown circumstances.
Aliyah Mercedes Williams has been missing for two months. There aren’t many details to go on, as is the case with most missing teens. When Aliyah was last seen, what was she doing? Who was the person who last saw her? What mode of transportation was she using at the time? Could someone have approached Aliyah, groomed her, and lured her to vanish without notice in order to be with them? Do you have any information concerning

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.76659
Retrieved Text: Japanese Tattoo Designs of the name Aliyah written vertically in katakana.
Japanese Tattoo Design of Aliyah in katakana with a red eternity seal and the kanji for "My Life".
Japanese Tattoo Design of Aliyah in katakana with a red eternity seal and the kanji for "My Love".
Japanese Tattoo Design of Aliyah in katakana with the phrase "Soul Mate" and a small red seal for eternity.
Here we offer authentic Japanese Tattoo designs of the name Aliyah by Master Japanese Calligrapher Eri Takase. Remember that names are translated to Japanese by how they are pronounced. So these Japanese Tattoo designs of Aliyah are only correct for you if you pronounce Aliyah as ah-lEE-yah. That is the name Aliyah (when pronounced ah-lEE-yah) in Japanese katakana is アリーヤ with the romaji ari-ya.
The standard way that names are translated to Japanese is with katakana. And these are the samples we show above. We also offer Aliyah in hiragana which while not standard may be preferred when a more feminine Japanese Tattoo design of Aliyah is wanted. Aliyah in hiragana is ありいや and has the romaji ariiya. Be sure to scroll down to see all of the Japanese tattoo designs we offer.
With your order, you will receive everything you need for the perfect Aliyah in Japanese Tattoo. Your design comes as an Adobe PDF file which means it will print exactly as Master Takase brushed the design and, of course, it includes the line art (also called a stencil) which your tattoo artist must have to properly ink the design.
Japanese Tattoo Designs of the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.697878
Retrieved Text: THE word itself  aliyah  is loaded with significance. Translated from Hebrew into English, it means to ascend, or go up.
In terms of Zionism, it is a concept expressed as a lofty ideal or noble aspiration  the act of moving from the Diaspora to Israel  and has long been symbolically festooned with social, ideological or religious connotations.
Its opposite is yerida, to descend, or go down, and those who make the decision to leave Israel in favor of other pastures are derogatorily called yordim by many Israelis.
Those who make aliyah, however, are given many forms of official and unofficial assistance and support. They are highly regarded as people crucial to the very fabric of the Jewish state itself  not surprising, considering how Israel came into being.
Yet despite those praises, aliyah is, in down-to-earth and practical terms, a tough decision and an arduous process, especially for many American Jews who are not motivated by fears of anti-Semitism or economic desperation.
It can also be emotionally daunting, as aliyah-makers must usually leave loved ones, and their own hometowns, behind.
Yet there are people, right here in Denver and right now in 2012, who have decided to make aliyah.
The experiences of two local families who have recently made, or will soon make, that big move illustrate the many ways in which aliyah is not only difficult and intimidating, but life-altering in many positive ways.
Shimon and Mandy Detweiler, Denverites who attend services at the DAT Minyan, have been hoping to make aliyah for years. Any number of things prevented

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.494167
Retrieved Text: She made Aliyah to Israel from Queens, NY. And this is her first Sukkot in Israel as a new immigrant. Yes, she always dreamed of coming here. And now, as a student at the Ulpan Hebrew program, she’s celebrating Sukkot in the city she’s always loved: Jerusalem. An interview with Jordana Brown, a blogger at Jerusalem Post, who tells us how her Aliyah dream is coming true in the Ulpan Etzion sukkah in Jerusalem.
Until the last minute, as the holiday draws closer, new Olim at Ulpan Etzion in Jerusalem race to finish building and decorating a proper sukkah.
Shani Kalfa, 25, French-born immigrant from Montreal, remembers her sukkah in her Montreal neighborhood. She explains, in her Parisian French, that Montreal’s Jewish neighborhoods burst with sukkot at this time of the year, but in Israel, in the Jewish land, the atmosphere is different. “In every place that I am, in Jerusalem, there is a sukkah. Here, the atmosphere of Sukkot is everywhere,” she says.
Yoav Nassau, 25, of Mexico City, speaks fluent Hebrew. He came to Israel after five years spent in America, where he completed Boston University, studying economics and international relations. This holiday, Yoav is celebrating alone without a family, as a new immigrant in Israel, but he is determined that time will change that. “I feel connected to this land, and I truly believe this is our place. There’s lots of work to be done here. Life here is meaningful, there’s a sense of community, not just on Sukkot, and I wanted to be part of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.479694
Retrieved Text: When you see the picture of me holding my Teudat Zehut with a full, hundred-watt smile, you probably are thinking that’s gotta be one of the happiest moments of her life. And it was. That crinkling thing I do with eyes is not something I know how to fake. The less of my eyes you can see, the happier I am.
Aliyah was the first big commitment I made without knowing the end result. Sure, I did college, work, and graduate school, and those all took commitment, but the difference was, I knew what the end product was supposed to look like: College resulted in a Bachelors of Arts. Graduate school resulted in a Masters of Science. Work resulted in smooth flowing events and project goals met. Aliyah was the first commitment I’ve made knowing with full awareness that there’s no knowing for sure what lies ahead. Of course, there are reasons that make the risk is worthwhile and give me deep optimism: my supportive friends and family, job opportunity, the go-with-the-flow culture that I thrive one….but of course, there are no guarantees.
Uncertainty is tough. It’s what held me back from making Aliyah the first time I attempted it. It’s especially tough when you’re coming from a country where Jewish life is meaningful, rich, and fulfilling.
Golda Meir said: Israel was created, so that every Jew knows he can come home, when he has to or when he wants to.
When I first looked at my fellow olim from other countries, I thought, of course they made aliyah. Why

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.461117
Retrieved Text: Join me in raising funds and awareness for United Hatzalah of Israel. I am doing this In Memory Of Dr. Samuel Kupfer z"l .
May this aide in patient care and bring an aliyah to your father's neshama.
With fond memories of your father!
May your father's neshama have an Aliyah.
We miss him a lot and still can’t believe. He is always in our thought. You are doing the best in his honor.
Baruch Dayan Ha'emet. May his Neshama have an Aliyah.
Baruch Dayan Ha'emet. His Neshama should have an Aliyah.
May this beautiful chessed you have organized in your Father's merit give his neshama an aliya.
We were so sorry to hear about your father's passing. May this beautiful tribute bring much nachas to your father's neshama.
In honor of a devoted and loving father, father-in-law, and grandfather.
This is such a nice way to honor the memory of your father. Baruch Dayan Emet.
This is a great way to honor your father. May his neshama have an Aliyah.
May your father's memory be a blessing. His neshama should have an aliyah for this very worthy mitzvah in his memory.
Your father's neshama should have an aliyah.
In Memory of your father, Dr. Samuel Kupfer Z"l . May his Neshoma have an Aliyah..
We are so sorry for your loss. May your father's neshama have an aliya in the zechut of this amazing project.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.457296
Retrieved Text: Nollywood actor, Bolanle Ninalowo has made it official that he has divorced his wife.
The actor who was legally married to his now estranged wife confirmed the breaak up in an interview with Genevieve Magazine that he has called it quit with the mother of his two beautiful children, Aliyah and Morakinyo.
The actor said he met his wife in 2005 when he relocated to Nigeria but things however took the worst turn when he fell in love with his acting career in Nigeria.
“I am separated from the mother of my kids. I have an 11 year old girl and a nine year old boy from her and they live in Atlanta. We met here in Nigeria, when I visited 12 years ago. I took her, with me, to the States and filed for her (married her on paper) with the hope to someday get married officially, but things took the wrong turn. So, for now I am married to my hustle”.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.362453
Retrieved Text: When you see the picture of me holding my Teudat Zehut with a full, hundred-watt smile, you probably are thinking that’s gotta be one of the happiest moments of her life. And it was. That crinkling thing I do with eyes is not something I know how to fake. The less of my eyes you can see, the happier I am.
Aliyah was the first big commitment I made without knowing the end result. Sure, I did college, work, and graduate school, and those all took commitment, but the difference was, I knew what the end product was supposed to look like: College resulted in a Bachelors of Arts. Graduate school resulted in a Masters of Science. Work resulted in smooth flowing events and project goals met. Aliyah was the first commitment I’ve made knowing with full awareness that there’s no knowing for sure what lies ahead. Of course, there are reasons that make the risk is worthwhile and give me deep optimism: my supportive friends and family, job opportunity, the go-with-the-flow culture that I thrive one….but of course, there are no guarantees.
Uncertainty is tough. It’s what held me back from making Aliyah the first time I attempted it. It’s especially tough when you’re coming from a country where Jewish life is meaningful, rich, and fulfilling.
Golda Meir said: Israel was created, so that every Jew knows he can come home, when he has to or when he wants to.
When I first looked at my fellow olim from other countries, I thought, of course they made aliyah. Why

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.988567
Retrieved Text: In Ethiopia, there are over nine thousand Jews. They speak Hebrew, keep kosher and have relatives living in Israel, though Israel continues to deny their appeals for aliyah — the Jewish birthright to become citizens of Israel. Many among this community abandoned life in the Ethiopian countryside over a decade ago, relocating to the city in hopes of soon moving onto Israel. Despite their devout observance and commitment to Judaism, Israel continues to delay a decision to bring this group, believed to be the last Jews in the world awaiting aliyah. The Beta Israel survive within a temporary, difficult reality in Ethiopia, as Passengers on the road to the Promised Land, though stranded along the way. They largely rely on government assistance and money sent back from relatives in Israel in order to survive, every day hoping they will one day live fully as Jews in Israel.
This final community is made up primarily of the so-called Falash Mura — referring to Ethiopian Jews whose ancestors converted to Christianity under intense social and political pressure several generations ago. These families have since returned fully to Judaism. Additionally, there is a strong precedent for Israel welcoming back Jews who have strayed from the Tribe, most notably with the "Marranos" of Spain.
Currently, there are over 135 thousand Ethiopian Jews living in Israel, over 55 thousand of which are members of the Falash Mura community. Although relative to other aliyah communities the Ethiopian Jews have historically needed more assistance in emigrating and assimilating, the Falash Mura are actually the most

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.811104
Retrieved Text: This Saturday was a fun and productive class session. The students showed a little more ruach in their davening. Certain students are also showing more enthusiasm in leading the services or when being called up for an Aliyah. This week, Sammy helped lead the service with a few of the older students. Ashley and Molly were both called up for Aliyot.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.687185
Retrieved Text: Sam “Shake” Anderson, started recording and touring at age nine. A bassist/guitarist/singer/songwriter/producer. Shake has worked with artists as varied as Bruce Hornsby, Static Major, Steve Cropper, currently nominated for a grammy with Felix Cavalieri, Earth,Wind & Fire, Aretha Franklin, The Indigo Girls, The Spice Girls, Curtis Mayfield, Aliyah, Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder. He spent six years as musical director for soul music legends "The Impressions".
Shake has also worked with a great variety of Christian artists such as Crystal Lewis, Annointed, Bryan Duncan, Israel Houghton and New Breed and Avalon.
Anderson, learned the most about life when an illness stopped him in his tracks. He was told he would never perform again and had several months to live. Life as he had known it was over. While spending more than nine months in the hospital and being told he was dying he learned who he really was—not Shake as the world called him—but Sammy Louis as his doctor’s referred to him.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.588709
Retrieved Text: Description Only edition. 55 pp., 229:153 mm., wide margins, light age staining. A very good copy bound in the original paper wrappers.
Description Title: Land und arbeit: Zum zehnjährigen Jubiläum der zionistischen Arbeiterorganisation Hapoël Hazaïr.
Written on the tenth anniversary of the Zionist worker organization called Hapoel HaZair, this pamphlet has essays by various Zionist writers( such as Berl Katznelson, Israel Reichart, et al) on the Hapoel HaZair branch of Zionism.
Hapoel HaZair was a labor party founded by the first pioneers of the Second Aliyah. Its full name was Histadrut ha-Po'alim ha-Ze'irim be-Erez Israel. Ha-Po'el ha-Za'ir was founded in Petah Tikvah in 1905 on the initiative of Shelomo Zemah and Eliezer Shohat, who were among the first arrivals of the Second Aliyah in 1904. Its name symbolized the new character of the Jewish worker of the Second Aliyah, to be distinguished from that of the earlier workers (who had been organized since the beginning of the 1890s) and from Po'alei Zion (the first of whose members began to arrive in the country at the same time). The new idea was expressed in the words carried as a motto on its newspaper for years: "An indispensable condition for the realization of Zionism is the conquest of all branches of labor in Erez Israel by the Jews." Certain modifications were made in this definition after the revolution of the Young Turks (1908) because of the misunderstanding that might be aroused by the word "conquest." The wording was then changed to "the increase of Jewish workers in Erez Israel and their

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.449644
Retrieved Text: Aliyah Conley is an actress from Los Angeles, Ca. Aliyah just completed the Filming of a Feature Film "Blur" where she is the lead character, Young Layla. Aliyah has to portray some dramatic scenes for this movie of young girls being kidnapped and trafficked in America.
Aliyah, has done a number of recent projects recently on stage acting and dancing in a Shakespeare play, "Taming of the Shrew" with high school kids and young adults in Los Angeles, the only ten year old in the play. She was also a Model for the Cherokee Clothing Line for Target's Back To School clothes.
Starting off at the age of seven, Aliyah was able memorize three pages of lines and landed her first feature film "Love Triangle" where she played the younger version of the leading role's flashback scenes. Since then, Aliyah has been in a number of films, commercials, and TV shows along with actors, like Paula Patton, in "Baggage Claim" and Jack Black in "Meet Me at the Reck", a web series. Aliyah has become a very versatile talent at a young age, she has done commercials for Chevy Colorado, Google, University of Phoenix and Gilroy Gardens.
Aliyah has also done professional photo shoots in both in the San Francisco and Los Angeles area creating some amazing still shots. She continues to further her craft by working the fashion run way for Old Navy and Music Video with Tamar Braxton "The One" on the Santa Monica Pier.
Aliyah's has even had the time to participate and won the Miss Los

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.426376
Retrieved Text: Video package touting “the biggest match in NXT television history”, tonight’s main event with the UK and North American titles both on the line.
-In the arena we kicked things off with Dakota Kai’s music. She wore a jean jacket over her usual ring gear.
Evans and Purrazzo started things off. Lock-up. Wrist-locks exchanged. Headlock from Purrazzo took Evans down to the mat. Evans with a headscissors. Purrazzo handstood out of it and did her Virtuosa curtsy. Evans tagged to Aliyah. Kick to the spine of Purrazzo. Purrazzo with a boot and a tag to Kai. She immediately tagged back out. Purrazzo worked over Aliyah’s left arm but Evans made a tag. Purrazzo countered a tilt-a-whirl into an armbar attempt. Evans escaped and hit a forearm to the back of the head. Tag to Aliyah. A series of strikes from Aliyah and she let out a fierce scream. Tag to Evans but Aliyah pulled Purrazzo backward over the bottom rope by the hair. The referee yelled for her to let go but she took until the five-count. Aliyah kicked away Kai’s outstretched hand when she looked for a tag. The heels worked over Purrazzo in their corner. Frequent tags in and out. Purrazzo made the hot tag. Kai with strikes to Aliyah, followed by her running kicks in the corner. Evans broke up the pinfall. Evans made a blind tag and hit the Women’s Right to Kai.
WINNERS: Aliyah & Evans in 7:36.
-Velveteen Dream was backstage surrounded by a cluster of microphones and iPhones. A reporter asked how he

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.382538
Retrieved Text: Simply put, I had no idea how extraordinary Reform Judaism was. The tikkun olam mandate is so strongly bound up with the movement, and in the most joyous of ways.
Should a Jewish woman cover her head ... with a yarmulke?
I grew up Jewish. Simply Jewish.
My late father, Rabbi Shlomo Carlebach, raised us in an observant Orthodox household. Our lives were filled with beautiful ritual and we celebrated the wonder of a familial spiritual connection.
That said, we also danced along the fine line of progressive Judaism. My father’s Torah was an expression of the beauty of Judaism. He taught the world to love and cherish Shabbat — even on a Tuesday — and to love Jewish rituals in an open hearted, expansively spiritual way that often set him apart and alienated him from many established religious groups.
My father’s true goal was to raise Jewish life above the rote performance of ritual acts. He wanted the light and redemptive message of the Torah to make all of humanity deeper — more empathetic, loving and capable of kindness. He often said that effecting global healing was the reason we were in the world to begin with.
Though it sometimes got him in trouble with the Orthodox establishment, my father was an active member and lover of all interfaith experiences. He attended many different houses of worship, sang with people of all colors, faiths and backgrounds, and attended conferences where he spoke about finding true unity for all of God’s children.
Significantly, he encouraged women to learn and read Torah. At his

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.273458
Retrieved Text: Eva Michaelis Stern was the co-founder and director of the Arbeitsgemeinschaft fuer Kinder und Jugendalijah, the fund-raising arm of Youth Lit. "ascent." A "calling up" to the Torah during its reading in the synagogue.Aliyah in Germany, during the 1930s, and director of the Youth Aliyah office in London during the critical years of World War II. From 1933 to 1938 she worked in Nazi Germany under the eyes of the Gestapo, sending thousands of Jewish children to Palestine. As head of the Youth Aliyah office in London (1938–1945), she helped hundreds of Jewish children escape from German-occupied countries and organized their journey to Palestine. After her retirement from Youth Aliyah, she devoted twenty years to caring for the mentally handicapped in Israel.
Eva Michaelis Stern was born in Breslau, Germany, on December 29, 1904, the youngest of three children of William Stern (1871–1938), a professor of psychology and philosophy at the University of Breslau, and his wife Clara (née Joseephy, 1875–1945). In 1916 the family moved to Hamburg, where Professor Stern was appointed a professor of psychology and director of the Psychological Institute at the University of Hamburg. The Stern family was steeped in German culture and far removed from Jewish life. However, during their first two years in Hamburg they sent Eva to a progressive Jewish school where some of the students came from traditional homes. These students provided Eva Stern with her first exposure to traditional Jewish life and to Zionist ideas.
After graduating from high school, Eva Stern attended a two-year training program for teachers

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.226328
Retrieved Text: In the first aliyah, we find the Jewish people a mere three days away from their entry to the promised land, and as Rashi says, the Jews went to Moshe and asked if they could send spies to check out the land they were going to.
Moshe tells them there is no need for this because G-d promised them a good land. But G-d gives them free will to err this way, and in this aliyah G-d gives permission for the Jews to send spies to spy out the land. Rashi points out that this section is right next to the section in the previous parsha about Miriam's loshen hora and her punishment, to give the spies an opportunity to learn from her.
Due to their actions in this parsha the Jewish people will have to wander in the desert for 40 years before reaching the land of Israel.
The second aliyah begins the drama of the story of the spies. They enter the land, and Rashi says that Calev, one of the spies, goes alone to Chevron where the patriarchs are buried, to pray that his companions shouldn't persuade him to do wrong.
The spies cut a huge cluster of grapes and carry it on a pole (this is a symbol of the Israeli tourist organization). The spies come back after 40 days. Rashi says this trip should have taken 80 days, but because G-d was going to keep the Jews in the desert one year for every day they were away, G-d shortened their trip.
The spies come back

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.15298
Retrieved Text: Are Diaspora Jews discouraging Aliyah?
Does increasing Aliyah to Israel bother the Palestinians?
Cross-border money - How does it work?
Can Jewish identity be challenged by Jewish religion?
Are Diaspora Jews sinking in exile?
Making Aliyah: Why the urgency?
Who's afraid to move to Israel?
Does immigration to Israel irritate the Arabs? Do we care?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.0349
Retrieved Text: Approximately one third of Israel’s some 180,000 Holocaust Survivors are impoverished, struggling with illness, or living alone. In 2009, ICEJ began a partnership with the local charity to provide a Home especially for lonely survivors. It offers attractive assisted-living facilities and a warm family environment.
The Home is unique in many ways. Its purpose has evolved from merely supplying accommodation for Holocaust Survivors, to providing a community in the real sense of the word. Local survivors enjoy a warm welcome at the Home for participation in various celebrations, activities and services. So the Haifa Home family is made up not only of residents, but other survivors too.
The Haifa Home has had an impact and influence beyond its walls. From the Haifa area, comes warm support in the form of volunteer help, free services and invitations for outings.
By hearing about survivors in a more personal way, many Christians worldwide have been touched by this project. In turn their love and support has deeply touched the staff and residents. ICEJ is conscious both of the privilege of supporting Holocaust Survivors, and that time is running out as survivors pass away at the rate of 13,000 each year. Our involvement and responsibility to the Home is vital.
To read the inspiring story of the founder of this home for Holocaust survivors, CLICK HERE!
While we are grateful for the generosity of the ICEJ support base, and particularly the German Branch that has enabled the establishment of such an important facility, ongoing funding is urgently needed. Caring for aging survivors is a costly

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.03249
Retrieved Text: Aliyah Saleem’s journey from Islam to an Atheist campaigner.
When Aliyah Saleem decided to go against everything she had been brought up to believe in, it was one of the hardest decisions she had to make. Aliyah decided to shed off her Islamic beliefs and embraced Atheism.
Although Aliyah was raised Muslim in Britain and studied for a year in Pakistan, said she felt isolated. Now, at 27, she has decided to devote herself to helping other apostates and campaigning for them. Her journey of conversion to atheism was not entirely smooth. "It was very hard to leave Islam, especially as my friends and family did not understand my decision," Aliyah said.
At the end of October she spoke in Plymouth, Englad to share her experience at a Humanist gathering. The major problem is tackling the discrimination which is universal affecting all people from different religious backgrounds who leave their faiths.
At the age of 19 she decided to leave Islam. She has been an atheist for 8 years now. In addition to facing a backlash from being an apostate, she also quit wearing the hijab.
In her blog, she said our only possessions are our bodies and that wearing a hijab should be a woman’s choice. If they feel comfortable let them wear it, if not then she hopes her story will help them fight against being forced to wear one.
In 2015, she set up Faith to Faithless with her colleague, Imtiaz Shams, to provide a platform to help people in a similar situation of stigmatization and ridicule to share

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.962154
Retrieved Text: This is a placeholder page for Aliyah Fale, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Aliyah Fale.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Aliyah Fale. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Aliyah Fale. We created this page automatically in hopes Aliyah Fale would find it. If you are not Aliyah Fale, but are an alumni of Wheatley High School Houston, TX, register on this site for free now.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.937437
Retrieved Text: JERUSALEM (JTA) — A 92-year-old New Jersey man fulfilled his dream of moving to Israel 71 years after he arrived in New York as a refugee from the Holocaust.
Jack Nasielski, of Edison, arrived Tuesday at Ben Gurion Airport on a Nefesh B’Nefesh aliyah flight in cooperation with Israel’s Ministry of Aliyah & Integration, the Jewish Agency, Keren Kayemeth Le’Israel and JNF-USA.
Nasielski, a native of Dessau, Germany, fled the Nazis as a child through Poland, eventually being captured and sent to four Nazi concentration camps including Auschwitz. He was liberated from the Blachhamer camp in 1945.
He will live in the central Israel city of Rehovot near his grandchildren and great-grandchildren.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.91708
Retrieved Text: We are thrilled that you have been asked to receive a Torah Aliyah in honor of one of our students becoming Bar/Bat Mitzvah. We ask that you read this brief set of instructions, and hope they will be helpful to you in preparing to participate with us. If you have any questions, please feel free to give us a call.
WHAT IS AN ALIYAH ? Aliyah means “going up.” It refers to the honor of going up to the sanctuary bimah (the space from which a service is led) to participate in one of our worship rituals. A Torah aliyah is different from most other bimah opportunities because there are requirements regarding who may participate, and there is some preparation as well.
WHAT DOES IT MEAN THAT I AM BEING GIVEN A TORAH ALIYAH ? Quite simply, it means you have been asked to recite the blessings before and after the reading of the Torah. You may be doing this alone, or with one or more additional people; ask if you’re not sure.
WHO MAY RECEIVE A TORAH ALIYAH ? Just as with one who reads from the Torah, the person who recites the Torah blessings must be Jewish and at least 13 years of age.
DO I NEED A KIPAH OR TALLIT ? At Kol Ami, each of us is free to decide what ritual clothing we wish to wear or not wear. While we certainly encourage you to wear a kipah (headcovering) or tallit (prayershawl), we absolutely support your right to decide for yourself.
WHAT DO I NEED TO

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.844248
Retrieved Text: Upon exiting the plane, you should be met by a representative of the Ministry of Aliyah and Immigrant Absorption. In addition, if you are making aliyah from the US, Canada, UK, Australia or South Africa you may be met by a representative of an Oleh association (UJIA, AACI, Telfed).
You will then be accompanied to the Ministry of Aliyah and Immigrant Absorption offices at the airport – where you will complete the relevant processes.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.811832
Retrieved Text: Eva Michaelis Stern was the co-founder and director of the Arbeitsgemeinschaft fuer Kinder und Jugendalijah, the fund-raising arm of Youth Lit. "ascent." A "calling up" to the Torah during its reading in the synagogue.Aliyah in Germany, during the 1930s, and director of the Youth Aliyah office in London during the critical years of World War II. From 1933 to 1938 she worked in Nazi Germany under the eyes of the Gestapo, sending thousands of Jewish children to Palestine. As head of the Youth Aliyah office in London (1938–1945), she helped hundreds of Jewish children escape from German-occupied countries and organized their journey to Palestine. After her retirement from Youth Aliyah, she devoted twenty years to caring for the mentally handicapped in Israel.
Eva Michaelis Stern was born in Breslau, Germany, on December 29, 1904, the youngest of three children of William Stern (1871–1938), a professor of psychology and philosophy at the University of Breslau, and his wife Clara (née Joseephy, 1875–1945). In 1916 the family moved to Hamburg, where Professor Stern was appointed a professor of psychology and director of the Psychological Institute at the University of Hamburg. The Stern family was steeped in German culture and far removed from Jewish life. However, during their first two years in Hamburg they sent Eva to a progressive Jewish school where some of the students came from traditional homes. These students provided Eva Stern with her first exposure to traditional Jewish life and to Zionist ideas.
After graduating from high school, Eva Stern attended a two-year training program for teachers

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.767084
Retrieved Text: Freeman Lockhart is working for his old friend Omar in Amman, Jordan. And spying on him too.
Hoping to prevent his own secrets from ever coming to light, Freeman has agreed to report back on his friend to a clandestine agency interested in Omar's finances.
In Washington DC, meanwhile, Aliyah Rahim is spying on her husband Abbas. A brilliant doctor, Abbas is crushed by the death of their daughter, which he blames on the post-9/11 mood of hostility towards Arab-Americans, and Aliyah fears he may be planning a terrifying act of revenge.
Freeman and Aliyah are pitched into the same deadly game, in which the only rules are violence and deceit.
Dan Fesperman is the author of four novels and the winner of two CWA awards, for best first novel and best thriller.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.741524
Retrieved Text: Originally from North Miami Beach, Rabbi Menaged attended Hillel High School and studied political science at the University of Florida. Rabbi Menaged learned at Midrash Sephardi in the Old City of Jerusalem, and received rabbinical ordination from Hacham Gidon Ben-Moshe. He also received an advanced rabbinic degree from Yeshivat Mikdash Melech in Brooklyn. Rabbi Menaged was Rabbi of Congregation Beth-El of Flatbush in the Syrian community of Brooklyn, before making aliyah with his family in 2011 to join Israel XP.
Rabbi Ari Kahn is the Director of Foreign Student Programs at Bar-Ilan University in Israel, where he also is a senior lecturer in Jewish studies. Rabbi Kahn received his rabbinic ordination from Yeshiva University, where he studied with Rabbi Yosef Dov Soloveitchik. He also holds a BA in psychology and an MS in Talmud.Rabbi Kahn is a renowned speaker, and has lectured worldwide. Having authored hundreds of articles on the weekly parsha with a readership in excess of 10,000, Rabbi Kahn is also the author of “Explorations,” an in-depth analysis of the weekly Torah reading, “Emanations,” an in-depth analysis of the Jewish holidays, and “Echoes of Eden,” a projected 5-volume set of parsha analysis. Rabbi Kahn combines the mystical explorations of kabbala and chassidism with a highly-intellectual and broad-minded approach to Torah study, incorporating psychology, literature and Jewish history into his observations as well.
He has lived in Israel since 1984 with his wife Naomi and 5 children.
Meir Balofsky has been the Experiential Education Director of the Israel Experience at Bar Ilan University since the program’s inception. Meir

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: The word "violate" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Violate the sanctity of the church.
Sentence 2: This sentence violates the rules of syntax.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.481596
Retrieved Text: Metaglossary.com - Definitions for "syntax"
That part of grammar which treats of the construction of sentences; the due arrangement of words in sentences in their necessary relations, according to established usage in any language.
The rules that govern the structure of statements or instructions in a programming language or in an operating system.
the study of how sentences are formed and of the grammatical rules that govern their formation. the pattern or structure of word order in sentences, clauses, and phrases.
The rules governing the structure of commands, statements, or instructions that are given to a computer.
A set of rules and guidelines used for writing in any language. Each programming language has its own set of rules and conventions. If you do not comply with the language's syntax, your programs or scripts will not work correctly – if at all.
The component of grammar that arranges words into phrases and sentences.
The "rules" followed in a language. For example, in some programming languages, a semicolon is required at the end of each line of instruction.
the order of words and phrases in an utterance; also, the study and analysis of the ways in which words and phrases can and cannot appropriately combine in a given language. For example, someone interested in English syntax might want to analyze why it is appropriate to say, â€œI didnâ€™t see you put the keys on the table,â€ but not â€œI didnâ€™t see you put the keys where.â€ Computer programmers also use the term syntax to de-scribe the order of elements in a program or operation.
A set of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.92831
Retrieved Text: The second step in NLP is called syntax.
Once the basic of a sentence have been determined to be correct using morphology, syntax can be used to check they are properly combined.
The most widely used method of checking a sentence is syntactically correct is to attempt to use a grammar to build up a parse tree.
A grammar is just a fancy word for a list of rules that turn symbols into words, and a parse tree is simply a diagramatical way of showing the use of these rules to build up a sentence.
For example the following grammar starts at the symbol S and produces very simple sentences.
These rules show that the symbol S should be rewritten, or expanded, to the symbols V and N (in that order). These symbols can, in turn, be rewritten to the right hand sides of their rules. This process repeats until we have only terminals (words) in our sentence.
A parse tree for the sentence "do this" would be as shown in figure 2, wheras the sentence "stop that" has no parse tree (according to the grammar we are using) and is therefore syntactically incorrect.
This stage of NLP is often simply termed parsing since it's main aim is simply to build a parse tree. There are two main classes of parsing; top-down and bottom-up, each having its advantages and disadvantages.
Top down parsers start with the start symbol of the grammar and try different combinations of rules until a sequence of rules is found that generate the sentence being parsed.
Bottom up parsers start with

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.699373
Retrieved Text: In linguistics, syntax (from Ancient Greek syn-, "together", and táxis, "arrangement") is the study of the principles and rules for constructing sentences in natural languages. In addition to referring to the discipline, the term syntax is also used to refer directly to the rules and principles that govern the sentence structure of any individual language, as in "the syntax of Modern Irish". Modern research in syntax attempts to describe languages in terms of such rules. Many professionals in this discipline attempt to find general rules that apply to all natural languages. The term syntax is also sometimes used to refer to the rules governing the behavior of mathematical systems, such as logic, artificial formal languages, and computer programming languages.
Unless indicated otherwise, the text in this article is either based on Wikipedia article "Syntax" or another language Wikipedia page thereof used under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License; or on original research by Jahsonic and friends. See Art and Popular Culture's copyright notice.
This page was last modified 11:27, 31 December 2011.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.53202
Retrieved Text: the branch of grammar that deals with the inner structure and general characteristics of sentences. The founder of syntax is generally considered to be the Greek grammarian A. Dyscolus (second century).
Over the course of the development of linguistic theory, the content and relative significance of syntax in the description of language have varied. In the early period of the study of linguistics, syntax was the study of the sentence and its parts, which were analyzed according to the general concepts of logic (the study of the parts of a sentence). The categories of syntax, unlike morphological forms, were considered to be universal. Thus, syntax dealt with the meaning of a sentence, or the semantic aspect of speech. In contrast, phonetics and morphology studied the expressive aspect. This approach later led to the view that syntax was a branch of grammar that examined linguistic phenomena in terms of their evolution from meaning (function) to form (J. O. Jespersen). Since the content of a sentence was regarded as the subject of syntax, syntax was sometimes equated with the method of synchronie analysis and contrasted to the diachronic approach to language (A. A. Potebnia).
In the second half of the 19th century, interest awakened in the national character of languages, and morphology became paramount in importance. In connection with these developments, syntax came to be regarded as the study of the functions of classes of words or parts of speech in the sentence. The syntax of parts of speech was a continuation of morphology. However, syntax did not include phenomena

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.688648
Retrieved Text: We are glad that you want to join our chess community. Please take some time to read our rules.
You have received 89 Priv.-Messages, containing You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near 'AND status = 'unread' AND dir != 'sent'' at line 1 unread messages.
We respects your privacy and will not distribute your email address to any third parties.
As a member you will have 14 days to make a move after your opponent has made their move.
using computer programs to aid you.
active users and they are very eager to play new users.
We reserves the right to deny access to anyone who violates the rules.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.083418
Retrieved Text: Syntax typically studies sentences that have a clear inner division between subject and predicate. Grammar has two overlapping meanings: 1. We use the verb is to describe the quality, color, and the identity of a person as in the sentences given below. Example 1: Cried she sad because was she. This is not helpful advice. Word order or structure of a sentence is a major component in syntax.
What is the difference between how a so-called derivational moprpheme -er and an inflectional morpheme like -s work?. I took a pretest on identifying grammer, spelling, punctuation and capitalization. It is not to be used in any other context. What is the Difference Between Has and Have? Grammar rules and structures are varied. Collocations emerge in association between syntax and semantics. Is vs Was in English Grammar There is a clear difference between is and was in English grammar as they talk about different periods.
Syntax is a field of linguistics that studies the structure of a sentence whereas grammar is a set of structural rules that dictates the construction of sentences, and words in a language. Most people think so, and unless you are having a deep study on the two or either, you might never realize that they are different. Their variances are based on the different languages available. I stayed at the Hilton. It seems to fit the pattern. Grammar is the list of possible ways to assemble sentences: usage is a smaller list of the socially preferred ways within a dialect. From my proposed tag wiki

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.106224
Retrieved Text: The title of this piece is a peculiar sentence first imagined by linguist/philosopher Noam Chomsky - the sentence adheres perfectly to the rules of grammar, but it remains nonsensical in terms of semantics. Accordingly, the musical syntax of this piece is governed by many calculated processes with no programmatic or emotionally descriptive elements attached. The individual gestures that contribute to the chaotic opening are each extracted and elaborated upon in various ways throughout the piece. Chomsky’s sentence has a strange yet satisfying ring to it despite its meaninglessness, and I like to think of this music as my attempt to embody that obscure quality.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.512308
Retrieved Text: the study of the rules for the formation of grammatical sentences in a language.
the study of the patterns of formation of sentences and phrases from words.
the rules or patterns so studied: English syntax.
a presentation of these: a syntax of English.
an instance of these: the syntax of a sentence.
that branch of modern logic that studies the various kinds of signs that occur in a system and the possible arrangements of those signs, complete abstraction being made of the meaning of the signs.
the outcome of such a study when directed upon a specified language.
a system or orderly arrangement.
Computers. the grammatical rules and structural patterns governing the ordered use of appropriate words and symbols for issuing commands, writing code, etc., in a particular software application or programming language.
The style is stuffy, the syntax is antique, and the conceit is never really convincing.
Butler's syntax sometimes gets in the way of understanding what she's asserting as fact.
From the syntax, it's a separate item, as if the requirement for the loyalty oath is law.
Syntax aside, the real consideration is the degree to which Romney can afford to alienate Hispanic Americans.
If you did learn to read it, you would discover the alienness of the syntax and structure.
The first class contains the forms connected, partially in their etymology and wholly in their syntax, with my and thy, &c.
Ours is a case derived, in syntax at least, from an adjective.
The syntax is simple, the phrases are short and generally the order of words is: subject, complement, verb.
They concluded that syntax is a whim and grammar

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.136438
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home → Q&A → Questions and Answers → What is the similarity between a natural languages and programming languages?
Some programming languages certainly look a lot like natural languages. For example, here’s some Python code that searches through a list of names and prints one out if it’s also in a list called invited_people.
However, some other programming languages are much less readable. Here is some code in Scheme that does the same as the code above.
So, how similar or different are natural languages and programming languages really? To answer these questions, we need to understand some central terms that linguists use to describe the structure of languages, rather than just looking at the surface of what looks similar or not.
Two of the most central concepts in linguistics are the concepts of semantics and syntax. In short, semantics is the linguistic term for meaning, but a more precise explanation is that semantics contains the information connected to concepts. For instance, a word form like “sleep” (spelled S-L-E-E-P, in either letters or pronounced as sounds) designates a certain action of a living organism and that’s the semantics of that word. The syntax on the other hand is the structure of how words of different kinds (e.g. nouns and verbs) can be combined and inflected. The sentence “My ideas sleep” is a well-formed English sentence from the point of view of syntax, but the semantics of this sentence is not well-formed since ideas are not alive and thus cannot sleep. So, semantics and syntax have rules, but

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.741837
Retrieved Text: All programs contain errors (often called bugs). Syntax errors occur when the programmer violates the rules of the language (for example, misspelled keywords, missing components of a code structure, or improper declaration of a variable), preventing the program from compiling. Syntax errors are relatively easy to fix because the VBA debugger sends you right to the source of the problem. Logic errors occur when the code contains errors that result in improper program behavior (for example, an infinite loop or wrong variable initialization). Logic errors do not prevent the program from compiling and executing; therefore, logic errors can be difficult to find. With proper debugging, however, the number of errors in a program can be significantly reduced.
Besides syntax and logic errors, it is possible that a program's code may generate a runtime error as a result of invalid input. Examples might include a divide by zero error (as seen in Chapter 6) or a file not found error. Programmers must anticipate errors such as these because if they are left unchecked, these errors will cause the program to crash. Furthermore, errors of this type cannot be fixed by altering the logic of the program. In situations such as these, the program requires additional error handling code and procedures. Error handling code should be included whenever the program interacts with the user or other components of the computer. Validation procedures are examples of error handling procedures; I have already discussed adding them to your code (see Chapter 4). This section will focus on special statements and objects

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.647177
Retrieved Text: In remarks Thursday at The Heritage Foundation, David Curry, the president and CEO of Open Doors USA, cited the rise of authoritarianism and nationalism in India and China as reasons for the unapologetic persecution of Christians. China moved up on the list from No. 43 to No. 27, and India placed at No. 10, cracking the list’s top 10 for the first time.
The Chinese government, Curry explained, has imposed policies on churches that violate their privacy and sanctity. For example, facial recognition technology is required by the state to track church members. Zion church, one of the churches that refused to integrate the technology, was forced to close for not complying with the Chinese government’s standards.
Since Chinese President Xi Jinping has wielded state power to restrict Christianity, worship for unregistered churches has also become increasingly risky. Curry noted the arrest of Pastor Wang Yi along with around 150 Christians because he wouldn’t allow the Communist Party to change his church’s dogma.
India has also pushed an agenda to aggressively purge Christianity, Curry remarked. Curry said Hindu nationalism has contributed immensely to religious persecution. Non-Hindus are outcasts in their own country. Many are victims of violence, especially Hindus who have converted into Christianity.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.200796
Retrieved Text: L.O 1 Understands the elements of the sentence.
L.O 2 Recognizes the types of written composition.
L.O 3 Examines the works of literature and thought, practices on the rhetoric that makes these works.
L.O 4 Knows and applies the rules to be followed in scientific writing.
L.O 5 Detects and corrects mistakes in language.
L.O 7 Thinking types (scientific, skeptical, critical interpretive, creative and constructive thinking) knows and applies.
1. Week Syntax: Word groups, sentence and the elements composing the sentence.
2. Week Types of sentence.
4. Week Composition: Subject, idea and main idea.
5. Week Theme, imagination, paragraph.
6. Week Forms of expression.
8. Week Official (Formal) Entries: Official report, official decision, reports, business letters, CV.
10. Week Transfer of ideas and information articles.
11. Week Language Mistakes: Spelling and punctuation mistakes.
12. Week Language Mistakes: Speech disorders, voice-based mistakes.
13. Week Verbal expression (Prepared group conversations): Open session, the symposium (feast of information), panels, forums, colloquia.
15. Week Scientific research and presentation techniques.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.798605
Retrieved Text: The part of language analysis that is concerned with the sounds of a language.
The part of language analysis that is concerned with how the sounds are used to make sense. It consists of morphology and syntax.
The smallest unit of sound that can be altered to change the meaning of a word. These units of sound do not have meaning by themselves. The initial sound in the words bit, kit, sit, and pit are examples.
The number of phonemes that English usually uses.
The study of how sounds are combined by language into larger units called morphemes.
The general term for a standardized set of rules that determine how words should be combined to make sense to speakers of a language. Grammar consists of these rules and morphology.
The smallest combination of sounds that have meaning and cannot be broken into smaller meaningful units. The English words “cow” and “boy” are examples. Words can be one or more of these units.
The general term for a morpheme that has meaning but can not stand alone. The prefix “dis” in the English word “disable” is an example.
The primary way in which Latin derived languages, such as Spanish, French, and Italian change the meaning of a sentence.
by changing the endings of words (i.e., suffixes).
The primary way in which the meaning of a sentence is changed in English.
The primary way in which the meaning of a sentence is changed in Mandarin Chinese.
The number of languages in which speakers must memorize all possible sentences that can be created. In other words, simply learning the rules for

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.741592
Retrieved Text: Today`s guest writer is Lindsey Wright. She has written a post on an issue I have always paid attention to, but never got round to writing about: the use of online translators as allies to learning.
In today's modern world, online translation technology enables us to quickly and conveniently understand online content written in foreign languages. Services like Google translate will even offer to translate entire websites. As impressive as this is, native English speakers who have used these services will still find grammatical errors and dissonant wording. While it is certain that computers have not yet perfected the subtle art of language translation, human students of the English language could benefit from the valuable practice of correcting online translators' mistakes. With a little ingenuity, online translation services can become useful tools for students and teachers of the English language, no matter whether they are in a traditional classroom or in an online school. The following activities, grouped by difficulty level, are just a few examples of potential translator exercises.
For English learners only just starting to familiarize themselves with grammar and syntax, translators can be excellent for reinforcing lessons in simple rules and constructions, such as subject-verb agreement, prepositions, verb-preposition combinations, or any other fundamentals of the English language.
1) Teach a lesson on a simple rule of English grammar and/or syntax.
2) Give several single-sentence examples as references for your students.
3) Have the students type, in their own language, single-sentence examples similar to the those given in the lesson. For example, in a group of students learning about

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.409557
Retrieved Text: I laughed when I first read this sentence because I initially parsed it as calling Bill O'Reilly an alleged Fox News host rather than the intended meaning, in which alleged is a verb. This ambiguity could have been avoided if the writer had inserted that in front of the content clause ("that alleged that..."). Of course then there would be two thats in quick succession.
The obvious way around that stylistic infelicity is to change the first that to which. It's at this point, however, that an American copy-editing fetish interferes. Many American editors and teachers favor using that for all restrictive relative clauses and which for nonrestrictive clauses, with no good reasons to justify their preference.
The obvious and natural way to rewrite this sentence is "published a report on Monday which alleged that Fox News host...," and while I have no idea what the actual sequence of composing was, it seems at least quite plausible that the writer started with which and then either self-corrected or had an editor revise it without carefully considering the resulting ambiguity.
The silly rules that are so often propounded over that and which contribute nothing to the clarity of English. More often, they give rise to ambiguity. If you're a teacher who insists on this precept in your students' papers, please stop. You're hurting your students' writing. Most editors are probably stuck enforcing house rules, regardless of whether or not they approve of them, but it wouldn't hurt if they campaigned for a change.
Bonus point: this sentence also illustrates a right-dislocated

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.23375
Retrieved Text: The Swedish "Everyman's right" ("Allemansrätt") does not include fishing, fishing rights in private waters belongs to the property owner. To fish in lakes and rivers, one has to get hold on a fishing license for the relevant fishing waters. Each and every person is also required to know the rules that applies in the water that you want to fish in.
Violation of the rules and laws of the fisheries legislation and its associated regulations leads to public prosecution. Those who violate the statutory fishing regulations can be fined or imprisoned according to Swedish law. Violation of these regulations could lead to confiscated fishing gear, which may also apply to other equipment such as boats.
A fishery conservation area association ("FVOF") may charge an inspection fee ("Control fee") of a fisherman who fish within the fishery conservation area, and that violates the association's own local fishing rules. The fee was introduced in 2011 when the Act (1981: 533) of fishing areas, shortened "LOFO", was modernized (SFS 2010: 1874).
When someone violates the fishery conservation association rules, the supervisor of fishing will make a call which can then be completed with the collection. Inspection fees may only be applied to fishery conservation associations, not by other lessors of fishing. The charge can not be levied on illegal fishing (fishing without permission) or illegal fishing where the fisherman violating official regulations under the Fisheries Act.
The mission for the fish supervisor's is to be regarded as a public mission which provides enhanced penalty protection under Chapter 17. Penal Code. If a fish

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.180899
Retrieved Text: Professional Translator is a versatile tool for translating texts. It offers high-quality machine translation, numerous features and user-friendly interface.
Our translator greatly facilitates understanding of foreign-language texts and aids translation to other languages. Thanks to applying the latest achievements in computer linguistics, the translation algorithms take into account not only grammar and syntax rules, but also semantic context of a word: the meaning of a word is analysed with relation to the whole sentence, which allows much more accurate translation.
The translation engine performs a very complex grammatical, syntactic and lexical analysis of the entire text. It analyses e.g. polysemantic forms, grammar categories, word order, interword relations, individual words. In addition, a sentence archive enables the user to teach the translator through remembering the translations of whole sentences or phrases and reusing them in subsequent translations. The translation is based on large dictionaries, auxiliary lexicons, transfer rules and syntactical and semantical analysis.
The interface is a complete and useful text editor, interoperable with MS Word and other editors. Thanks to its intuitive layout the use of the translator is easy both for professional and beginner users, and gives vast possibilities for users who want to fully utilize the features of the application.
retranslation of the selected sentence, matching words or sentences by double-clicking on the source or translated text, displaying source and translated sentences side-by-side and many others.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.167187
Retrieved Text: The questions are important, and so is the place where they are asked.
Caesarea Philippi is a mess! Everything that could happen to violate love or the human person would happen here. Why would Our Blessed Lord choose this setting to ask his Question or to use the title Son of Man, and to lay the keystone for his Church?
Of course there was then, and is now mindless speculation about Him. Yet, He is absolutely clear that He is here for everyone and that He wants his Church to be born in and stay close to the darkest settings. Heaven and earth are aligned on the Rock of Peters Confession. Even if the gates of Hell are opened and all negative fury is hurled at this new community it will not prevail. Why? Because the Church has a set of keys to the kingdom of Heaven. This ability to keep the gates open will make the darkness ineffective.
We've all heard the jokes about St Peter working as a full time security officer at the gates of heaven. But seriously folks, the gates for which he has the keys are the gates of human consciousness. And this new power and new awareness will support the disciple to meet the horrors of the world head on. The Disciples mandate is to engage with all situations that uphold the sanctity of life and to disengage from those which bring death. For this work, The Lord has given us insight and gifts beyond our imagination. We take time to ponder these

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.820663
Retrieved Text: Probation is when a defendant stipulates to specific conditions and requirements in order to avoid further jail time. However, being on probation does not mean the defendant was not sentenced to a prison term.
Upon being placed on probation, a defendant is sentenced to imprisonment, and then that sentence is suspended, or placed on hold. While the sentence is in suspension, it is the defendant’s responsibility to successfully complete a term of probation and the rules to go with it.
If a defendant successfully completes probation, the sentence is over and the defendant is free to move on with his or her life. If, however, a defendant is found to be in violation of his or her probation, the judge has the option to activate the sentence or take it off of suspension.
For example, the defendant is convicted of a second-time DUI, which results in a 180-day jail sentence and one year of probation. If the defendant violates his probation, he or she will have the probation period revoked and then the underlying 180-day jail sentence becomes in effect.
There are many conditions of probation that are standard in Kansas. Additionally, defendants are subject to “special” conditions, or those which are specific to their case.
Failure to pay court fees, restitution, etc.
If you are facing a probation violation, consult with our Kansas City criminal defense attorney at Rokusek Stein, LLC immediately. With more than 30 years of combined legal experience, we understand what it takes to help you avoid probation revocation.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.757164
Retrieved Text: A record of the extent of movement or the amount of work done by the heart.
1. A roentgenogram of the esophagus obtained during esophagraphy.
2. A radiographic record of contrast esophagography or a barium swallow.
1. A pictorial catalog of the behavioral patterns of an organism or a species.
2. A pictorial inventory of the repertoire of behavior patterns shown by the members of a species.
A unit of mass equal to 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 grams.
1. Tags that use EEPROM, or non-volatile memory, can be programmed after it is shipped from the factory. That is, users can write data to the tag when it is placed on a product.
2. The programming of information into a tag after it has been shipped from the manufacturer, usually meaning that information specific to the application can be added by the using organization. The tag is "read only".
The oscilloscopic record of vocal cord activity made with electrolaryngography.
1. The study of a language that deals with its inflexional forms or other means of indicating the relations of words in the sentence, and with the rules for employing these in accordance with established usage; usually including also the department that deals with the phonetic system of the language and the principles of its representation in writing.
2. An individual's manner of using grammatical forms; speech or writing judged as good or bad according to its conformity to or violations of the grammatical rules of a language; also speech or writing that is correct according to those rules.
3. The phenomena that form the subject-matter of grammar; the system of inflexions

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.642414
Retrieved Text: Pangeanic’s development team gathered important input on real advances on MT from the academia at the International Workshop on Using Linguistic Information for Hybrid Machine Translation (LIHMT-2011) and the practical Saturday session ML4HMT (META NET WP2) in conjunction with DKFI. These sessions were really geared for development personnel and those with a personal interest in making use of the best of research on MT and its different flavors to improve current state-of-the-art systems. Attendants and presenters were academics from the US, European Union and Japan involved in different MT areas. The theme was state-of-the-art developments in combinations (often involving Moses) and hybridization of rule-based approaches with statistics. Sessions dealt with combined approaches using syntax, grammatical information, rules and statistical systems.
Lemmatisation, annotation for morphologically-rich languages, for example Czech and Basque and even lesser resources in the case of the 2nd one.
Syntax-based approaches and word re-ordering for very unrelated languages (such as Asian or Semitic languages into and out of European languages).
Hybridization of techniques, starting from analysis at a morphological layer, then analytical layers, tectogrammatical layers, and then transfer, and on to synthesis to t-layers, a-layer and m-layer.
Mixture of rule-based and statistical approaches to improve predictability.
Post-editing effort estimation for MT systems and with systems including no linguistic features or having some. Linguistic features are relevant for direct useful error detections and for automatic post-editing. But for sentence-level CE there are issues with sparsity and with representation.
New metrics like VERTa, using linguistic knowledge organized in different levels (lexical, morphological, syntactic information and sentence semantics).

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.575483
Retrieved Text: “A Word of Counsel to the Church on the Sanctity of Nascent Life” adopted by Joint Commission for Theology and Doctrine.
“The Lord Is with You” – A Word of Counsel to the Church – The Sanctity of Nascent Life.
NALC Bishop John Bradosky comments on message on the sanctity of nascent life.
NALC congregations respond to Hurricane Sandy.
Full Communion Agreement is signed. Ethiopian Evangelical Church Mekane Yesus and NALC formalize partnership in mission.
NALC leaders join in celebration of 125 years of Lutheranism in Tanzania.
Congregations consider whether to ratify proposal for NALC to join LWF.
Reflections on visit to Evangelical Lutheran Church in Tanzania by Bishop Bradosky.
Convocation approves proposal to join Lutheran World Federation.
Proposal must be ratified by NALC congregations.
Bishop Bradosky joins other American religious leaders in defending religious freedom.
Support for religious freedom has deep roots among Christians.
One Local and One International Mission!
To read or download newsletters from other years, click below to view available newsletters.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.454334
Retrieved Text: Francisco Cortés Rodríguez y Ricardo Mairal-Usón, 2016: "Building an RRG computational grammar", Onomázein 34, 86-117.
Several grammatical models have shown a growing interest for the development of the conditions necessary to satisfy the so-called criterion of computational adequacy. Within Role and Reference Grammar (RRG [Van Valin & LaPolla, 1997; Van Valin, 2005; Pavey, 2010]), there have been some works seeking to implement the model in different computational environments (Diedrichsen, 2011, 2013; Guest, 2009; Nolan & Periñán-Pascual, 2014; Salem et al., 2008). In this scenario, the works of Van Valin	& Mairal (2014), Periñán-Pascual (2013) and Periñán-Pascual & Arcas (2014) have set up the guidelines to devise a parsing system called ARTEMIS (Automatically Representing TExt Meaning via an Interlingua-Based System) for the computational treatment of the syntax and semantics of sentences. The goal of this paper is to contribute to the development of ARTEMIS focusing specifically on the design of the rules necessary for the effective computational parsing of unmarked simple clauses following the format of the Layered Structure of the Clause as described in RRG. Such rules should yield, as a result for every sentence, a parsed tree following the format of grammatical analyses in RRG.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.449888
Retrieved Text: There are times when I am more proud of my church body than others. Not to boast or to be condescending, but because of our stand on biblical truth, and that was particularly evident when the president of our church body, LCMS President Rev. Dr. Matthew C. Harrison, appeared before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on Thursday, February 16. Our president unapologetically took a strong stand defending the sanctity of human life. He did this by discussing the recent U. S. Health and Human Services ruling regarding contraceptives. He explained in a very clear and concise manner how it violated citizens’ freedom of religion and freedom of conscience. He did this alongside Catholic, Baptist, and Jewish leadership as they all strongly protested this violation of conscience and the first amendment, and a ruling which places in peril our right not to participate in the murder of unborn children.
Our church body is not in the habit of taking positions on political issues, however with this HHS ruling, the line into the realm of moral truth has been crossed, and we cannot sit quietly by while our government makes laws that can and will force us and our churches to take part in the murder of innocent life. The recent clause grandfathering and exempting religious groups is clearly a temporary step toward an eventual one-payer goal that has no regard for religious freedom or the rights of the unborn.
The government has overstepped its bounds. This controversy is not merely about birth control and the Catholic

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.375565
Retrieved Text: Get your free Sanctity of Human Life Sunday Kit!
Two Out of Five Women Who Had an Abortion Attended Church at Least Once a Month.
This horrific reality must change. Like you, we want your church to be a safe place for the abortion-vulnerable to turn when they are facing their toughest decisions.
Sanctity of Human Life Sunday is Sunday, January 20, 2019. While we certainly want your pastor to preach a powerful pro-life message, we also want you to have access to ministry solutions that will enable your church to proactively respond to the abortion crisis in your community.
7-Day devotional eBook, Pursuing the Heart of God, to help you capture God's undying love for every man, woman, and child in abortion's cross-hairs.
Get your free kit by completing this form and be prepared to help the women and men of your congregation promote life this Sanctity of Human Life Sunday!
This kit will help your church effectively offer compassion, hope, and help to women and men facing pregnancy decisions!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.180923
Retrieved Text: 6 pp. Roman, 289 pp.
In this volume, linguists take on issues of co- and subordination in sentence structures. On the one hand these structures are defined by more or less predetermined rules in individual languages. Therefore, the rules may diverge from language to language. On the other hand, they are subject to general and ongoing processes of linguistic change. This may result in common concepts of co- and subordination patterns. It is also observed that in syntax some grammatical categories evolved earlier and others later.
The conceptualization of innovated categories also differs in languages. Intra-linguistic, areal, as well as universal developments are ascertained. Aspects of a Sprachbund may also come in. It can be generally concluded that contact-induced language change is a prominent feature in several co- and subordination strategies.
The study focuses principally on languages and language families in the wider West African Lake Chad region, but, in order to incorporate universal typological issues, contributions from the Turkic and Slavonic languages were included.
Relational DA as a preposition, coordinator, and subordinator in Hausa – Polysemy or homophony?
The description of complex sentences in African languages is far from being adequate and this situation is not caused by lack of data, but rather by the variety of analyses that are hardly compared with each other in terms of linguistic interpretation. The book under review aims at examining the sentences expressing the relation of either co- or subordination and giving them a theoretical perspective. [...] The book [...] is a significant contribution to the studies on syntax in their documentary and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.124384
Retrieved Text: This month’s workout, “Rules for Quoting,” centers on sections 13.7–8 of CMOS 16. Advanced editors might tackle the questions cold; learners can study those sections of the Manual before answering the questions.
So much of editing goes beyond merely applying rules. It requires judgment. “Correctness” is taken for granted as a goal—but correctness according to whom? What’s correct in a legal document might be a big mistake in a graphic novel or blog post. For good reason, writers live in fear of overzealous copyeditors who, in search of correctness, will edit the life and voice right out of their work.
Note: The first five questions are true/false statements based on the guidelines at CMOS 13.7–8; the last five ask you to judge whether the book excerpt above has been quoted correctly according to Chicago style.
1. When quoting a full sentence, you may change the final period to a comma to make it fit into your sentence.
2. Obvious typographic errors in quotations may be corrected silently (without comment or sic).
3. The initial capital letter of a sentence in the original must be preserved in the quotation, regardless of syntax.
4. Single quotation marks in the original quotation may be changed to double, and double to single, to fit the quoting text.
5. Words in full capitals in the original may be set in small caps when quoted.
1. Can I Start a Sentence with “But”? Advice from the Chicago Style Q&A (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2016), 1.
Photo: CWA Recreation & Leisure Time, Calisthenics and Tumbling Instructions for Children; Minnesota, from Franklin

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.952297
Retrieved Text: For other uses, see Phrase (disambiguation).
In everyday speech, a phrase may be any group of words, often carrying a special idiomatic meaning; in this sense it is roughly synonymous with expression. In linguistic analysis, a phrase is a group of words (or possibly a single word) that functions as a constituent in the syntax of a sentence, a single unit within a grammatical hierarchy. A phrase appears within a clause, but it is possible also for a phrase to be a clause or to contain a clause within it.
There is a difference between the common use of the term phrase and its technical use in linguistics. In common usage, a phrase is usually a group of words with some special idiomatic meaning or other significance, such as "all rights reserved", "economical with the truth", "kick the bucket", and the like. It may be a euphemism, a saying or proverb, a fixed expression, a figure of speech, etc.
In grammatical analysis, particularly in theories of syntax, a phrase is any group of words, or sometimes a single word, which plays a particular role within the grammatical structure of a sentence. It does not have to have any special meaning or significance, or even exist anywhere outside of the sentence being analyzed, but it must function there as a complete grammatical unit. For example, in the sentence Yesterday I saw an orange bird with a white neck, the words an orange bird with a white neck form what is called a noun phrase, or a determiner phrase in some

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.908081
Retrieved Text: "I come to you today as your Lady of Light spreading the Light of the Father in Heaven, of His Son as the Redeemer of the world, and of your Heavenly Mother, who is now weeping among you in this valley of tears.
I am weeping for the future of humanity because of the crisis in My Son's Church, and because of the crisis in the United States of America that has become for many decades now a nation promoting a culture of death and a nation of evil laws with a flagrant denial of the sanctity of life - an evil denial that has been influencing other nations to turn away from God and to implement laws that deny the sanctity of life.
I weep for My Son's Church, for the Church is currently experiencing a great crisis in its teachings and its responsibilities to the Father's sons and daughters. Many of you are now becoming weaker in your faith and confused due to the work and misdeeds of the evil one's minions within the Church. The work of the devil is permeating My Son's Church causing chaos and confusion for many of the Father's children.
As part of the Father's plan for humanity, the importance of the sanctity of life is currently being further infused within the hearts and minds of the Father's sons and daughters here on Earth who respect life at all stages of life from the moment of conception until the natural passing of all of God's children to the Eternal Life that has

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.8011
Retrieved Text: Early (Prenormative) Grammars. Prescriptive Grammars. Syntax. The Rise of Classical Scientific Grammar. Prescriptive Grammars in the Modern Period. Classical Scientific English Grammar in the Modern Period. Structural and Transformational Grammars.
Morphology. The Latin classification of the parts of speech, which included eight word-classes, differed from the system adopted by modern grammars in that the substantives and adjectives were grouped together as two kinds of nouns, while the participle was presented as a separate part of speech. In the earliest English grammars, where this system was reproduced, the parts of speech were also divided dichotomically into declinable and indeclinable parts of speech, just as in Lily's grammar (W. Bullokar), or words with number and words without number (Ben Jonson), or words with number and case and words without number and case (Ch. Butler). The first of these groups, declinable words, with number and case, included nouns, pronouns, verbs and participles, the second -- indeclinables -- adverbs, prepositions, conjunctions and interjections. Ben Jonson increased the number of parts of speech in his classification, introducing the article as the ninth part of speech.
Syntax. In Brightland's grammar we likewise find an important innovation in the study of English syntax -- the introduction of the notion "sentence" into syntax. Latin grammar was not concerned with the structure of the sentence, the principal object of the syntax of modern grammar. Though definitions of the sentence, mostly logical (pointing to its function as an expression of a complete thought, a judgment or proposition), already existed in the ancient period, grammarians understood syntax etymologically as

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: The word "pencil" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: An eyebrow pencil.
Sentence 2: This artist's favorite medium is pencil.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.541765
Retrieved Text: Special formula eyebrow filler is an auto eyebrow pencil with a twisting technology. A smooth, soft, and silky texture for a clear fine line, filling the eyebrow with a 3D effect. The triangular pencil tip is designed for easier use when framing your eyebrow with our long-lasting, waterproof, and sweat-proof eyebrow filler while the soft blender is designed for a smooth and even finish.
Slightly twist the pencil and use the sharp edge to frame your eyebrow, then use the dull edge to fill in your eyebrow.
Use the soft blender to spread and blend evenly across your eyebrow for a natural look.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.478918
Retrieved Text: Defined eyebrows instantly makes you look more polished. An eyebrow pencil is the easy “instrument” to create perfect shaped eyebrows. Full, groomed eyebrows frame your face and can bring harmony to your features. Whether you have eyebrows that are too light to see, are sparse, over-plucked, or just need a little definition using an eyebrow pencil can give you that shaped brow you're looking for.
A eyebrow pencil when used together with a perfect eyeshadow and highlighter pencil can give you breath taking and glamorous look.
For daytime use, you need the most natural looking pencils for your eyebrows. This will ensure that they are hardly noticeable yet, but still will give you that glamorous look.
You can find online www.bransus.eu a wide assortment of Christian Faye eyebrow pencils or NOUBA eyebrow pencils. The products can be ordered in our webshop and will be delivered within one working day. View our wide range of eyebrow make up products and order easily online.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.389996
Retrieved Text: The internet is literally bursting with beauty blogs, tutorials and videos that all bid to help you achieve beautiful brows. From an oval face to a long race, a square face to a round face we are all unique with different shaped faces. It is therefore unlikely that your best friend’s eye brow shape will be the same as yours. It is vital that you find an eyebrow shape that suits you!
In this blog entry we have collated the best advice out there in order to provide you with quality tips that will guide you to achieve perfectly shaped brows!
– You will need to be looking in a mirror for the next part to see where the pencil meets your brow bone. This is an indication as to where your brow should start. Using your other hand place one finger on this point and then use the other hand and the pencil to mark your brow.
– Do this for both sides of your face in order to achieve symmetry in the position of where your brow starts.
-You will again need to use your eyebrow pencil to do this. Holding the eyebrow pencil vertically to one side of your nose (take the right hand side for example). Using a mirror for guidance, keep the bottom of the pencil at the bottom of your nose slowly angle the pencil until the top part is meeting the outside corner of your right eye.
– Trace this line with your finger and mark this spot as where your brow should end.
–

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.279104
Retrieved Text: Eyebrows are the fundamental part of our facial features. It highlights our eyes in a special way and helps in expressing emotions. Therefore, it is necessary to maintain their perfect shape and size.
The cosmetic approach has an ability in maintaining our eyebrows and giving them an ideal shape according to our facial features. It can also change its appearance through proper eye makeup. In some cases some women make minor mistakes while highlighting their eyebrows, for instance, they try to modify their natural arch ending up with a dramatic look as they use an eyebrow dip instead of an eyebrow pencil.
In the following YouTube video, there are some necessary do’s and don’ts which are mentioned for your benefit. One should keep those tips in their mind while applying an eye makeup. Before using an eyebrow pencil always apply an eyebrow gel as it will help in maintaining all the short hairs in an upward direction and can lock them in the same way for the entire day.
If you are not an expert in the makeup stuff then you must avoid brush on eyebrows instead of that you should only use a regular pencil. Always remember the shade of pencil which you are applying. The most appropriate method of applying an eyebrow pencil is starting from the inner bottom corner of the eyebrow and continue underlining with the natural arc. Then continue outlining on the upper side also. After this shade the entire eyebrow filling the gaps between hair and finishing them by providing them with an

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.142324
Retrieved Text: “Kilay is life” is almost every girl’s motto these days so being the curious one that I am, I am always on the look out for eyebrow products that works and is affordable at the same time. I came across the Nichido Eyebrow Pencil last month and it’s only 69php so I decided to get one for me. I actually have heard so many great things about this eyebrow pencil! It’s almost every beauty blogger’s favorite.
Affordable. The Nichido Eyebrow pencil retails for only 69php. That’s like $1.50.
Accessible. You can get it pretty much anywhere, it’s available at watsons, department stores, and even supermarkets!
Easy to work with. It is perfect for beginners because it doesn’t deliver harsh color payoff on the skin.
It doesn’t have a hint of red in it. It’s not easy to find a brow product that doesn’t look like a reddish mess mid-day.
It comes with a brush. The brush works well in blending the product which is an essential in achieving those natural-looking brows!
There’s only three shades available.
It tends to break when you’re not careful when sharpening it.
Overall, I would recommend it to beginners because I’m pretty sure you’ll achieve your eyebrow goals with the help of Nichido eyebrow pencil without a sweat. However, if you’re used to doing your brows already, you might enjoy the Etude House Drawing Eyebrow Pencil better than this one.
Thank you for the review. Kilay is indeed life! My trusty Wet and Wild eyebrow kit recently gave up on me (after 2 years haha!) and I’m now in the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.112751
Retrieved Text: We compared 11 top of the line Bobbi Brown eyebrow pencils over the past year. Discover which Bobbi Brown eyebrow pencil is best. You can also choose one of our Bobbi Brown eyebrow pencil editorial picks.
Eyebrowpencil.org helps you save money on eyebrow pencils through price comparison, coupons, reviews.
For this purpose, we have emphasized the cardinal Bobbi Brown qualities you may search with front and center.
Eyebrow pencil to the degree that Bobbibrowncosmetics. Based on bobbi brown or powdered powder to obtain a natural look, the formula gives the eyebrow powder a precision and a pencil.
Bobbi brown longsleeved pencil set in the saddle in keeping with Cuteandmundane. The perfectly defined brow pencil saddle bobbi is the new favorite of my forehead. It combines a longlasting formula of liquid cream formulas with the easier shape of the pencil.
Niapattenlooks in agreement with Beautyblogwales. The eyebrow was the product that brown had been making for eyebrows for years. My lady if she broke down, do not do it bobbi will start doing the eyebrow service, it will be 15 exchangeable products, including tweezing eyebrow tutorial.
Copyright © 2007 - 2019. Eyebrowpencil.org. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.081709
Retrieved Text: Carefree Living - Drawings & Prints by Wei Jane CHIR is an individual exhibition by the Taiwanese artist Wei Jane Chir. After living outside Taiwan for many years, she is giving an exhibition at the Chini Gallery. The three series of work exhibited embody the artist's life experience and shifts in spiritual aims in different artistic forms. In the Imagining Emptiness Series, Wei planned to produce a copperplate engraving through photography, corrosion and etching. Expressing the artist's forceful intention to explore - exploring the possibility of kneading Western and Eastern aesthetics together through choice of medium. The Vermont Winter Journey Series feature ordered straight lines being used to construct an abstract aesthetic vocabulary, expressing the artist's internal feelings towards Germany in condensed form in a rational way. The Mendocino Series is the artist's latest creation, in which ink which has been exposed like a photograph is used to construct the artist's internal landscape, a response to the minuteness and humility the individual feels in nature. In copperplate engraving, ink painting and pencil sketches alike, Wei displays an inseparable Eastern sentiment through her own reflections on creation and life which cannot be faked. Honesty still remains the heart's guiding light, and such a light is the root of all calm.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.975277
Retrieved Text: Okay, so I usually have thick eyebrows but I accidentally trimmed it down too much!!!
I was at the beauty section of my local mall and was looking at the Nichido shelves and this caught my eye.
I used to have the Everbelina eyebrow pencil (a year ago when a gay makeup artist shaved off half my eyebrow!!!) and this Nichido eyebrow pencil is waaay better! It doesn't smudge easily (unless you make it do so), pretty good for a sweaty person like me, and looks more natural! I used it yesterday, I didn't have to touch up after 2 hours.
By the way, now I look at it... it doesn't state that its an eyebrow pencil.. haha. Ohh well, it works great as an eyebrow pencil. I was planning on getting the Skinfood eyebrow product, but I couldn't find it in ebay. And knowing that my eyebrows will grow back eventually...I'm okay with this.
Can't wait for my eyebrows to grow back!
you have nice eyebrows! mine are thin and scattered :( i also have the same eye pencil and i love the brush!
its a good product and inexpensive too!
I just got the same product. How did u sharpen it?
I was wondering how to sharpen it. Thanks!
Is the product only that long? How do u make the lead or brow pen longer?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.956938
Retrieved Text: Naturally, I have really thin, awkward eyebrows. They stop about where the arch is, so to complete any makeup look, I always have to fill them in.
1) Outline the bottom with eyebrow pencil. 2) Outline the top. 3) Fill in leaving a little bit blank. 4) Using an angled brush fill in with brown eyeshadow.
Discover Pins about eyebrow tutorial on Pinterest. ... Added By Kim Nguyen. My eyebrow picture tutorial @Bloom.COM - don't like the shape, but I like the idea.
Sep 13, 2011 · Tutorial For Perfect Eyebrows: while I was doing my eyebrows for a tutorial, I thought of taking pictures to share with you all.
Natural Eyebrows Tutorial- How to pencil in your brows!
May 04, 2011 · Natural Eyebrows Tutorial- How to pencil in your brows! ... - A good eyebrow pencil, a few shades lighter than your hair colour is a good rule of thumb.
Video Tutorials - Home - Biotouch, Inc.
Permanent Eyebrow Tutorial Permanent eyebrow procedures are in high demand as they have helped men and women to look younger, adding definition to the face.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.72797
Retrieved Text: Eyebrow Pencil Eye Makeup Products They include such products as eye-shadow, eye-liner, eye-brow products, and other products that can help to enhance and accent the eyes.... Yes, I really do get this excited about filling in my brows… Yes, I really do, because Raul is hella annoying. I’ve been filling in my brows lately with this awesome $21 MAC Brow Sculpt Brow Pencil.
This eyebrow pencil works best on women with sparse eyebrow hairs because you can draw on the natural-looking feathery lines with the fine point. This is the go-to brow pencil for renowned Manhattan dermatologist, Dr. Patricia Wexler (I actually went to her once, what a character).... The Brows Are It! collection featuring the MAC Big Brow Pencil (£16) launches March 2016. Also launching will be MAC Brow Set, MAC Eyebrow, MAC Veluxe Brow Liner, MAC Fluidline Gel Browcreme, MAC Brow Duo and a range of brushes.
Eyebrow pencils can provide a slightly more natural look than powders, as they can be used in short strokes to mimic the appearance of hair. The Veluxe Brow Liner from MAC Cosmetics has a how to train a poodle Eyebrow Pencil Eye Makeup Products They include such products as eye-shadow, eye-liner, eye-brow products, and other products that can help to enhance and accent the eyes.
This eyebrow pencil works best on women with sparse eyebrow hairs because you can draw on the natural-looking feathery lines with the fine point. This is the go-to brow pencil for renowned Manhattan dermatologist, Dr. Patricia Wexler (I actually went to her once, what a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.546375
Retrieved Text: Benecos Natural Eyebrow Designer in Brown will define your eyesbrows creating the perfect look. Also available in Gentle Brown.
This Natural Eyebrow pencil in brown is the new make-up essential for every girl. With this double ended Eyebrow-Designer pencil you can use the brush to create the perfect eyebrow shape and add colour with the pencil which will define and perfect your brows.
Benecos Natural Eyebrow Designer has been certified Natural by the BDIH.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.378708
Retrieved Text: Throughout the years, eyebrow styles have changed from thin to bushy. Stars of the time in the 1920’s, like Anna May Wong, styled her eyebrows to appear pencil-thin. In the 1960’s Audrey Hepburn took centre stage with her natural eyebrow appearance and since then trends revolving around eyebrows have changed.
Now there are eyebrows that are all shapes and sizes, from thin and sleek to full and bushy, whatever your style you always need a handy eyebrow pencil on hand to fill in small imperfections.
This Eyebrow pencil by Mavala not only gives you the chance to create subtle or dramatic looking eyebrows but allows you to create precise strokes that go into creating a natural look. The pencil has the crayon on one side of the pencil whilst the other has the brush in which you can use to style your brows into the perfect shape.
Ideally, you should apply this eyebrow pencil in small strokes in the direction in which your eyebrows grow.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.092762
Retrieved Text: Flawlessly shape, define and structure your brows with the Givenchy Eyebrow Pencil, a fine lead eyebrow pencil with brush.
Ideal for those with naturally sparse brows, the Givenchy Eyebrow Pencil’s ultra-slim tip allows for precise application every time. Whether you prefer natural definition or a statement brow, the creamy, glide-tip pencil will help you to create the brow shape you’ve always wanted.
Formulated with talc and intense pigments, the pencil leaves a powdery matte finish that looks natural and sophisticated.
Use the pencil to fill in any sparse areas and follow with the brush to comb through.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.0794
Retrieved Text: Total 29 Results for Eyebrow Pencil.
BCL 24 hours waterproof and sweat resistant double head eyebrow pencil two color selection.
Shop Eyebrow Pencil online at Hommi.Including SUQQU Color Make up,CANMAKE EYES,IPSA Makeup and more.We ship worldwide,free International Shipping over 8000 yen.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.07876
Retrieved Text: Please select. Kindly wait for SMS.
Highly Recommend Small yet useful tool! Love it soooooooo much!!!
The eyebrow pencil helps me to draw a more perfect eyebrow! My eyebrow shape is naturally uneven but this pencil is smooth. It does not smudge and it last through out my day! I feel more confident with the look. Even when I forget to thread my eyebrows, this comes in handy!
Model:Xiaomi Dezone Stereo Shaping Eyebrow Pencil | For Self-Collect:Kindly wait for SMS.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.984222
Retrieved Text: Today we've got a range of makeup accessories and materials which may transform your attractiveness. Gone would be the days when you would have been caught off-guard. Using skin care eye mask or false lash extensions, so you can provide that person with an entirely new appearance. We now even have waterproof eye brow pencil available in the market. Visit our site for effective information on changing nail color nail polish right now.
The eyebrow is an essential region of the facial skin. It is also important as a simple tweaking of the eyebrows can alter the whole appearance. People have been using eyebrow tinting pen or watertight eye brow pencil to give their curls with the care that it should have. By adding just a little color into the eyebrow hairs, achieving the ideal arches ever possible!
If you need precision as you're applying makeup into your eyebrows, then then the tool you have to use could be the eye brow pen. It is going to never fail you regarding accuracy. To receive yourself a waxy brow and give it a delicate look, you should utilize an equally soft forehead pen. Even professionals consider these are the critical tool for stylizing your forehead. So you should also keep it close at hand. The activities which are best done with eyebrow pencil comprises - optimizing the brows, filling them, patching a spot, and beefing this up.
There is an easy and straightforward approach to continue to retain the brows in pristine condition. It's using eyebrow wax. It oversees them

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.834002
Retrieved Text: Buy products related to waterproof eyebrow makeup products at narvay.com.HeyBeauty Eyebrow Pencil with Brow Brush,Waterproof Automatic Makeup Discover a long-lasting, waterproof eyebrow pencil with an eyebrow comb.Fill in eyebrows with our brow pencil formula for defined,natural eyebrows all day.
Thank you! I order not the first time-the pencil is good.
The goods did not come from time to time. Opened a dispute. The seller returned the money, but the goods still came. I liked the pencil. Easy to apply and hold well. Ordered 06 color black.
Cool pencil. I advise you. Came for about a month. Happy, shade as in the photo.
The mask came in three weeks. The seller sent the parcel from thailand. The description and photo of the seller corresponds to reality. Pencil is excellent for your money. The color corresponds to the photo of the seller. I will order more. Thank you very much to the seller!
It came quickly, i liked everything very much, order boldly!
I ordered pencils of all shades, the product corresponds to the description and picture. I liked it very much, i will order more. Seller and shop recommend.
Perfect color and the product is creamy and pigmented.
I thought it would be darker. Color does not match.
Very good. It takes me 17 days to arrive. I already had the black one and i love it. it looks great on your eyebrows and makes you a myyy effect. natural. Highly recommended.
Great packaging in bubble wrap so the box was intact. Instructions weren't in English but diagram was helpful. Medium Brown colour and measures about 1cm

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.808348
Retrieved Text: We surveyed five top of the line Crayon eyebrow pencils over the past 3 years. Make out which Crayon eyebrow pencil is best. You can also Filter by type, formulation, model and effect or pick one of our Crayon eyebrow pencil feature picks.
To claim 1 Crayon eyebrow pencils is bluntly greater would be unsuitable. This being said, in this occurrence, I covet to inquire deep in the planet of Crayon eyebrow pencils.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.789211
Retrieved Text: Saffron Twist Up Eyebrow & Eyeliner Pencil – Black. This twist up pencil can be used as a eyebrow or eyliner pencil. Its soft and creamy. Just the right pencil to take out for those little emergencies.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.760529
Retrieved Text: ◆ get an eyebrow & eyebrow color!
◆ Moisturizing, long-lasting good color!
◆ Everyone easy draw, the golden ratio eyebrow!
◆ dye eyebrow pencil X = double effect cream recipes perfect alike!
◆ smooth brow crayons contains exclusive recipes, create the perfect brow!
◆ dye eyebrow cream waterproof, sweat-proof, anti-friction, the color, the fixer!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.707954
Retrieved Text: The days of thin, light eyebrows are over, and the time of strong, arched eyebrows has come. Catwalks and magazines everywhere are featuring strong, dark, and beautifully arched eyebrows. Thankfully, this is one trend that can be very easily achieved at home.
The key to creating this look without creating too harsh an eyebrow is to use eyebrow powder instead of eyebrow pencil.
For people with dark hair, choose a powder that is one shade lighter than your hair colour. Anything too dark and harsh will make you look very mannish.
For people with lighter hair - choose a shade or two darker than your hair colour.
This store sells beautiful, affordable eyebrow powders, with a large range of colours to choose from.
To create the perfect eyebrow each time, use an eyebrow stencil.
Here's a listing for a set of eyebrow stencils with a beautiful arch.
The stencils will help you upkeep your eyebrows as well, and save you a trip to the beautician. When your eyebrows need a tweeze, fill in the stencil with a white pencil instead of your usual eyebrow powder. Then, just tweeze the hairs that aren't covered by the white powder. Voila, perfectly kept eyebrows!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.634285
Retrieved Text: As promised part 2 of 3 is finally here of the BornPrettyStore products reviews; I always wanted to share a very simple way that I usually do my eyebrows and that is why I selected the eyebrow pencil to be sent to me as well (see my previous post HERE).
My eyebrows are naturally thin, and I have been filling them using a black eyebrow pencil for a while now and I find that way quick and simple. The eyebrow game has been on the trend now for the past three years or more years as there are gels, dips, sticks, stencils the list is endless but I have always preferred using eyebrow pencils.
The Eyebrow pencil from BornPrettyStore is pretty great because it comes with a built in brush, so it has given me the ability to do my brows pretty quickly. It is a pencil so you will need to follow up with a gel so that it can last longer.
Wow, i like! you made it look so easy. i am gonna soo try it.
Glad I could help. Tell me how it goes.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.633316
Retrieved Text: Love this brow pencil, I have it in Brownie Points and it is the perfect shade for me, not too red and lasts all day. Love the spoolie also.
Always been a bit shy when it comes to drawing on my brows! But this product it so PERFECT. Very precise, cant go wrong with it at all.
I LOVE this brow pencil!!! I've a very similar product from a high end brand that is practically identical to this but twice the price! The ultra thin pencil is great for precision and the spoolie at the end is perfect for creating shape! BUY IT!
Absolutely love this!! Can't stop raving about it.
First make up product iv bought from soap and glory and won't be the last.
My perfect colour (brunette) and lasts all day.
Wish they did a similar product in lips!
I LOVE THIS!!! The colour "hot chocolate" is the perfect shade for my brows, I love that the pencil its self is small making it so much easier to make my brows look good!!
This is without a doubt the best eyebrow pencil I have ever used.
I wouldn't normally use Soap&Glory on my brows, I'm normally using other brands and decided to have a go of this brow pencil; I will tell you- IT IS AMAZING! It makes my brows look stunning and I get comments everywhere I go. It is definitely worth the buy.
Love, love, love it! I only recently got into seriously doing my eyebrows, and this has come to be my favorite item I own. I can confidently just

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.55751
Retrieved Text: Home Beauty (Limited Edition) K-PALETTE Disney Princesses Eyebrow series relaunched!
(Limited Edition) K-PALETTE Disney Princesses Eyebrow series relaunched!
K-PALETTE Disney Princesses Eyebrow series relaunched!
The Epiphany Duplet recently did a Beauty and the Beast Disneybound Fashion Photoshoot in collaboration with several brands and we were surprised to receive the Limited Edition K-Palette Disney Eyebrow series in collaboration with the Disney Princesses!
Award-winning K-Palette 2Way Brow Liner and 3Way Brow Pencil relaunched their limited-edition K-Palette Disney packaging, this time featuring not one but four iconic Disney Princesses – Belle (Beauty and the Beast), Rapunzel (Tangled), Ariel (The Little Mermaid), and Cinderella (Cinderella).
That’s one more product to help you look a little more like Belle from the recently premiered Beauty and the Beast movie.
I couldn’t bear to unwrap the packaging as it’s simply so cute! With shades ranging from Light Brown (Belle), Natural Brown (Rapunzel), Mocha Brown (Ariel), to Greyish Brown (Cinderella), you can achieve the ideal eyebrow look with the K-Palette Eyebrow series – from the trending Instagram brows to the natural Korean brows.
How can any Disney fan resist the charm of this collection?
The 2Way eyebrow liquid features a liquid tip perfect for achieving fuller brows and a pointed sponge tip for precision. The soft and malleable powder tip (my favourite!) has a tinge of shimmer in powder for the perfect party look!
The lasting 3Way eyebrow pencil features a smooth-gliding pencil tip which forms a velvety texture complete with retractable design, translucent powder which creates a soft finish and an additional brow brush for the finishing touch to blend colour evenly.
Which

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.411762
Retrieved Text: When it comes to the most important face feature, eyebrows are definitely the first thing that comes to my mind. Different shapes, colours and opaqueness makes a huge difference on your face.
Ever since I started to know about the importance of the eyebrows on a face, I drew it everyday if I have to leave my house. So this post mainly is to share about my experiences and opinions on different eyebrow make ups that I'd used before.
The first time ever when I started to touch my eyebrow, my mom gave me the Silky Girl Natural Brow Pencil in Soft Black.
She just taught me to fill in the brows lightly. I personally don't like this colour because it's too dark for me, so I decided to get brown colours on my next purchases. Of course this one also able to draw the shape, but just the colour is not that suitable for me.
After I won the Holika-Holika Auto Eyebrow pencils and which was quite a recommended type of eyebrow pencil, I decided to hop onto YouTube and give myself a try on different kinds of eyebrow shape instead of just filling in. If you read before my 2013 Favourite Beauty Products post, you definitely can see this one in the list. Read the review here.
By the way, I actually went back to Holika's store and ask for this pencil, they rarely have stocks already. That's why I couldn't get a second one.
Then, I got myself the 3CE eyebrow mascara after knowing the assistance of eyebrow mascara,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.376518
Retrieved Text: The mood for 2018 is big, bold brows. Gone are the days of the barely-there brows of the early 2000s—to serve looks nowadays, the term “thicka than a snicka” expands not only to your backside, but to your eyebrows as well. Brows that are thick enough to teeter unibrow territory have been heavily celebrated as of recently, thanks to the likes of Instagram influencers drawing and editing on bushy brows that would make Cara Delevingne jealous.
While big, bold brows may feel like a new trend, they’ve actually been pretty popular within the decades of yesteryear. It just seems like a fresh and new concept due to the 1990s and early 2000s: supermodels and actresses rocked razor blade-thin strips of eyebrow hair, paired with other questionable beauty trends (the glitter, the waxy lip smackers lip balm—it’s all so cringeworthy) during that 20-year era.
Although eyebrows have seemed to take on a new form by each and every decade that passed, thick brows actually came about in the 1950s. Vintage starlets like Eartha Kitt and Elizabeth Taylor were known for their dark, dramatic brows with sharp arches that could cut through glass. Women around the globe would try to emulate these full and shapely brows by using dark shadows and brow pencils to create their look, and the trend lasted until Twiggy came onto the scene in the 1970’s.
Thick, voluminous brows has made quite a few comebacks from then on, with Brooke Shields and Madonna sports fuller brows within the 1980’s. But, the fullon tweezer-free phenomena really didn’t hit

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.28313
Retrieved Text: How To Shape Eyebrows – Have the shape of beautiful and wonderful eyebrows naturally is women hope, so much in the way that he did. The balance of facial features and also frame the eyes will look more perfect in form of the eyebrows you have to mess with and also according to face shape. Therefore, many women are always paying attention to the perfection of the eyebrows in order to display them more perfectly.
Where are you shaping eyebrows? Whether in the salon or at home? Indeed you can shape your eyebrows at the salon but it will complicate you because they must always be to the salon, for those of you who haven’t been able to own did so now we are going to give way how to shape eyebrows to look pretty and clean as well.
To shape beautiful and presentable eyebrows naturally you need an eyebrow pencil. As for the various steps of how to shape eyebrows is good and correct that is the first step that you can do is spruce up eyebrows with plucking or shaving of the eyebrows that are yet to mess with, so the shape of the eyebrows will look perfect and natural.
After that, if your eyebrow thin, use eyebrow pencil and draw your eyebrows with an eyebrow pencils, use a color that suits your hair. Then you determine the angle of the eyebrows with makeup brushes, how to use and navigate vertically from tip of the eyebrow to the side of your nose then there to start for

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.271868
Retrieved Text: 23/12/2007 · Best Answer: make sure your pencil always has a sharp point, then lightly draw in short strokes the direction the hairs would normally grow.... You don't draw on them. You want to make them look more thicker yet natural. What you want to do is finding the closest shade of eyebrow pencils or powder to your natural eyebrows.
Pencils with a thin tip are made for precision. These pencils should be used for creating straight edges. These pencils are also great for those with a balding spot in the brows; you can use the tip to create short strokes that resemble hair.... Pencils with a thin tip are made for precision. These pencils should be used for creating straight edges. These pencils are also great for those with a balding spot in the brows; you can use the tip to create short strokes that resemble hair.
This is how to shape eyebrows with tweezers: Use one hand to stretch out the skin and use your other hand to hold onto the tweezers. This method will make the tweezing less painful. This method will make the tweezing less painful.
Eyebrow filler can help conceal these mistakes and comes in many forms, including pencil, gel and permanent tattooing. A homemade eyebrow filler is made with eye shadow and gel to fix the botched plucking, waxing or shaving in a pinch.
To do so, fill in your eyebrows using specific techniques, tools, and colors. Having a poor eyebrow wax, going tweezer happy at home, or thinning your brows can leave you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.201036
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Beauty / Help! My eyebrow has a bald spot!
Help! My eyebrow has a bald spot!
I’m sure that this has either happened to you or someone you know. You get your brows waxed and end up with a bald spot, uneven, or misshapen brows.
Your first thought is to panic and try to fix them yourself.
The worst thing at this point is to wax or pluck your eyebrows yourself. Your best approach is to grow out and camouflage the brow for 4 to 6 weeks, depending on how long it takes your brows to grow. You can help the brow growth along by using Rogaine (don’t use on lashes) applied with a Q-tip or a lash growth serum (they work wonders on the brow as well). Avoid lash growth serums with prostaglandin analogs that can darken the skin & eyes if using for lash growth and you have light colored eye (see Prostagladin side effects link below) for eyebrows it is fine and actually works better than non-prostaglandin lash growth serums.
Camouflage the brow with an eyebrow pencil or powder and brow wax. Make sure to use the pencil or powder on both eyes to make the brow look even and seal in the brow shape with the brow wax. When using an eyebrow pencil make sure to have a sharp point, draw small lines to resemble hairs and soften the lines with a eyebrow brush or Q-tip. If using powder, use a stiff eyebrow brush and shimmy it gently inside your brow in

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.061756
Retrieved Text: Get yourself a good eyebrow pencil...and fill them in with upward strokes. I love Bobbi Brown&apos;s eyebrow pencil because it&apos;s one that fills in your brows almost like a powder which looks more natural than a traditional pencil in my opinion. And that&apos;s the look I&apos;m going for...defined, but definitely natural.
Wrangle wayward hairs with eyebrow gel...I want to keep the eyebrow hair that I do have so waxing will never be on my radar again. I tame the hairs that I need to with a handy dandy clear eyebrow gel. And they even make tinted ones these days, so you can pick your poison! Chella makes a great one for instance.
Use a serum...Don&apos;t take skimpy brows laying down. There are plenty of products out there that can help you grow your brows like this one from Anastasia Beverly Hills. Those sparse hairs of yours are about to get some brand new hair friends! Haha!

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: The word "invasion" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: An invasion of locusts.
Sentence 2: An invasion of tourists.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.663591
Retrieved Text: Continuity mistake: During the locust invasion, two of Paul Muni's men collapse and are covered in locusts. Muni picks them up, but suddenly, all of the locusts have disappeared.
Revealing mistake: When the piano lid smashes Cary Grant's fingers, the lid obviously stops inches above his hand, even though a drink is positioned on the piano in an attempt to hide the gap.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.394318
Retrieved Text: The Radak explains that these passages refer to a massive massacre predicted for Egypt and her Pharaoh. Radak reminds us that the Egyptian people have a long history of hostility towards the Jewish nation. After an extended period of calm following her devastation at the Sea of Reeds, Egypt resumed her hostility towards her Jewish neighbors. It resurfaced during the reign of the Egyptian premier, Shishak, who invaded the Land of Israel shortly after the demise of Shlomo Hamelech. During this vulnerable Jewish era, Shishak forced his way into Israel and cleared out the treasury of the king. Our Chazal (quoted in Rashi’s commentary to M’lochim I, 14-6) cite that Shishak even had the audacity of stealing the glorious throne of Shlomo Hamelech. Egypt continued her hostility towards Israel, and after receiving heavy sums from Israel in exchange for military protection, betrayed her Jewish “ally” and abandoned her. But Egypt’s final crime came when Pharaoh N’cho executed the pi ous King Yoshiyahu because he refused to allow Pharaoh’s army to enter Israel enroute to Assyria.
Because of this full record, Hashem decided that the time had arrived to repay Egypt for all her cruelty. Although, in truth, she had previously received forty years of exile, apparently this was not sufficient treatment for her. This time, a massive massacre was being planned and an appropriate execution was awaiting her Pharaoh. With this, Hashem would remind Egypt of the very special relationship He maintained with the Jewish people. Hashem’s historic lesson to the earlier Pharaoh was characterized in His

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.008507
Retrieved Text: SDA means Scheduled Desert Area (SDA) In India it is spread over an area of 2.05 sq km in the state of Rajasthan, Gujarat and Haryana.
What is a Desert Locust?
The Desert Locust is one of about a dozen species of short-horned grasshoppers (Acridoidea) that are known to change their behaviour and form swarms of adults or bands of hoppers (wingless nymphs). The swarms that form can be dense and highly mobile. The scientific name for Desert Locust is Schistocerca gregaria (Forskal).
How many species of locusts are there in world and India?
There are 10 important species of locusts in the world listed below.
10. The Tree Locust Anacridium Spp.
Only four types of locust viz., Desert locust (Schistocerca gregaria),Migratory locust (Locusta migratoria) Bombay Locust (Nomadacris succincta) and Tree locust (Anacridium sp.)are reported in India. The desert locust is most important pest in India as well as in intercontinental context.
In which year Locust Warning Organisation (LWO) is established ?
Locust Warning Organization (LWO) established in 1939, later merged with (Directorate of Plant Protection Quarantine and Storage) DPPQ&S in 1946.
What are the duties being performed by the LWO?
Every year LWO undertake Locust surveillance & monitoring in SDA, Coordinate other stake holders on locust situation, issuing locust situation Bulletins, organising Border meetings and conducting Farmer Field Schools (FFSs) programme in LWO/ LCO’s in Rabi season. Besides undertake control operations during locust upsurge/incursion.
Is there any border meeting conducting between the nations?
Yes. There are regular meetings of Indo-Pak Border at active locust season.
What is the difference between locusts and grasshoppers?
Locusts are part of a large

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.661472
Retrieved Text: We all heard about locusts invasion in the biblical times, but very few of us have heard about the roles being changed lately. They starved us to death 2000 years ago but now we eat them and the problem is solved; a simple solution from a very ingenious nation. In Jerusalem locusts are on the menu as the only insect kosher meal and, right instantly, this dish made his way in the top of the worst foods ever, along with balut or one thousand years old egg.
Israel has of late been suffering from a plague of locusts, but fortunately this is the only insect to be considered Kosher, so Israelis have been eradicating the pests in a unique way: by eating them. Deep-fried and chocolate-covered locusts are apparently going down a storm (no pun intended).
Here is a flight for a long weekend in Israel; note that the price of 59 euros is with Wizzair membership card. Also keep in mind that June is hot and everything is very expensive, from accommodation to food. More dates available just by a quick search on momondo.
Locusts can eat their body weight in a farmer’s crops per day, so innovative humans have decided to turn the tide on the hungry pests by eating them.
While there are simply too many locusts to eat the swarm out of existence, Israelis who do tuck in will enjoy a healthy—and reportedly delicious—source of zinc, iron and protein.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.257093
Retrieved Text: The prophet Joel begins his oracle with the odd subject of an impending invasion of locusts. It is odd, that is, to those of us who live in non-agrarian societies without a natural tie to the land which produces our food. To those who live close to the land, a plague of ravening locusts is no laughing matter. J. M. Boice, in his comments on the book of Joel, makes mention of a plague of locusts that devastated parts of Palestine and Syria in 1915 (The Minor Prophets, Vol. 1, 1983, Reprint, Grand Rapids: Baker Books, 2002, 122). The damage was catastrophic. When farmers see their crops overrun with two-inch-long, crawling marauders, and know that there’s nothing they can do to stop them from devouring everything in their path, and when an entire culture’s economy is derailed as the result of these . . . insects . . . then perhaps odd is not the best word to employ to describe it. Perhaps a better adjective would be, sobering, or maybe, gut-wrenching.
Such devastation calls for grief and mourning—from the winos whose booze supply will be cut off, if from no one else (see Joel 1:5)! At one point, Joel compares the desolation of the people as a result of the locust plague to the grief of a bride whose intended has been killed on their wedding day (Joel 1:8).
So, let’s be sure we have the entire picture here: the prophet Joel is warning the people about an impending invasion (either of locusts or Assyrians, or both—equally

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.281017
Retrieved Text: On my own I am kind of cute eh? Shame about the billions of others just like me coming to a town near you. Mmmm nice crops.
An expected plague of locusts this Spring in Victoria, Australia might destroy $2 Billion of crops and shut down iconic events like the Melbourne Cup.
Mr Brumby has declared a ”war on locusts”. This is a refreshing change from a “war on terror”. At least the insects will get nuked in this one and not people.
Victorian authorites and farmers are gearing up to blast the hoppers when they start to form dense bands for what the say is “maximum effectiveness.” This all sounds more like a household cleaning product advert.
The Governement is investing A$43.5 million in anti-locust activities to assist those on the ground to counter the insect threat. If they filmed it all and turned it into a B Grade horror movie they would probably make a tidy profit – ‘Invasion of the killer locusts’. All they need is some unknown actors to get chomped in close-up and a non-existent plot.
Killer Locust 3D is probably a step too far though. No one likes looking at insects close-up (except entomologists) especially when they look like they are crawling up your nostrils in the movie theatre.
The plague in waiting has been caused by heavy summer rainfall in north-west New South Wales and south-west Queensland which caused a bloom of native vegetation, a fertile breeding ground for locusts, which then headed south to lay eggs.
It is estimated that the egg beds are spread

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.104513
Retrieved Text: Ten Thousand Villages creates opportunities for artisans in developing countries who would otherwise be unemployed or underemployed to earn income by bringing their products and stories to our markets through long-term, fair trading relationships. The income artisans earn helps pay for food, education, health care, and housing.
Drought and the worst invasion of crop-devouring locusts in 5 years have compounded an already fragile food situation in Niger, threatening up to 3.5 million people, more than a third of the total population.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.870794
Retrieved Text: We arrived at the facility on yellow school buses, each of which was segregated by function. Short of a skeleton crew to cover any emergencies, all of IT was here, even the sleepy-eyed third shifters. To the casual observer we must have seemed more like a plague of locusts than a gathering of professionals. Everything had been tightly scripted and scheduled; from fluorescent-vested coordinators with clipboards, to pre-assigned boarding order and seating. Even a military invasion must have involved less planning and management than this soiree.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.738344
Retrieved Text: As swarms of locust devour Egyptian crops, the Middle East is bracing for the destructive bugs to migrate their way ahead of the Passover holiday.
A swarm of an estimated 30million insects has been devastating crops in Egypt, fuelling apocalyptic fears because of the infestation’s proximity to the Bible story of Passover in which a swarm of locusts, the eighth of ten plagues, is imposed on Egyptians by God for enslaving and abusing ancient Hebrews.
Israel’s Agriculture Ministry set up an emergency hotline today and urged residents to be vigilant in reporting sightings of the insects to prevent an outbreak.
A special task force has also been set up to help farmers manage infestations.
The locusts pass through the country as part of their normal migration from north east Sudan to Saudi Arabia, the Egyptian Agriculture Ministry said, emphasising that Egypt was just ‘a transfer station’ for the locusts, which were in larger numbers this year.
As the insects descended on agricultural farms in Giza and in Cairo, causing significant damage, fears have been raised that they could spread to Israel.
In a statement from the Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations, the infestation was described as a ‘immature swarm’ which ‘appeared in the afternoon (on March 2) in the eastern Cairo districts of New Cairo and Mokattam and dispersed into several smaller swarmlets’.
The statement read: ‘The locusts originated from breeding that has been in progress since November in southeast Egypt between Berenice and the Sudanese border.
As well as Israel, Lebanon and Jordan have been alerted.
In Cairo, people were burning

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.743135
Retrieved Text: What do you imagine the end of the world will look like? Many movies depict end-time events like massive earthquakes, tsunamis, tornados, fire falling from the sky, nuclear explosions, alien invasions, and zombie apocalypses. As terrifying as the movies make these events seem, the reality of what’s to come for those who are not in right-standing with the Lord, will make all of these seem like taking a stroll down Sesame Street.
The book of Joel is a short yet striking book that is essentially a warning to the people of Judah (and all) about the coming judgment of God. Chapter 1 starts out by describing a terrifying invasion of locusts, that is a foreshadowing of the devastation that is to be expected on the “day of the Lord.” The army of locusts leaves only destruction in its path, and there is nothing left after they make their way through the land.
The rest of the chapter describes how everything from the land to every living thing on it will be in ruin. So will it be in the “day of the Lord” or the coming time of His judgment, in which those who do not turn away from sin and turn back to God will experience much worse.
Thankfully, the book of Joel is a warning, which means there is opportunity for restoration to the Lord before that time comes. God offers us forgiveness and salvation through Jesus Christ, and with that we can walk in confidence towards the “day of the Lord” knowing that our name is

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.83876
Retrieved Text: Although the word locust usually calls to mind plagues of biblical proportions, these insects actually start out as shy, solitary creatures. Yet within a matter of hours they can transform into the farmers worst nightmare, joining forces to create a voracious, migrating swarm. Researchers have known for some time that swarm formation results when the locusts become crowded. But exactly what prompts the transition to gregarious conduct has remained unclear. Now new research, described today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, indicates that stimulation of the locusts hind legs sparks the behavioral revolution.
To discern which part of the locusts body holds the key to transformation, researchers at the University of Oxford stimulated various body regions of 170 locusts that had been raised in isolation. After the four-hour treatment period, each insect was placed in an observation arenaone end of which contained a group of gregarious locusts behind a clear partitionand their behavior was recorded. The team found that only stroking the locusts back leg evoked a statistically significant behavioral shift.
Why the back leg? The researchers suggest that whereas the locust might self-stimulate other partssuch as its face, antennae and abdomen during feeding, grooming and walkingit would not normally touch its own hind legs. "Our results provide an explanation for field observations that a population of solitarious locusts is more likely to gregarize in vegetation consisting of compact clumps than where vegetation is spread out evenly but sparsely," the team writes, noting that once the habitat brings locusts closer together, they are more likely

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.630032
Retrieved Text: [partner id="sciencenews" align="right"] The new analysis, reported in an upcoming issue of Physical Review E, suggests that random factors accumulate and influence how swarming locusts collectively decide to change course.
Still, others say the information may one day allow researchers to better inform locust-control efforts — for instance, by suggesting the best times and places to apply insecticide ahead of an approaching swarm.
Desert locusts, Schistocerca gregaria, normally live in arid parts of Africa and Asia but can explode over millions of square kilometers during plagues, as happened during the late 1980s. Researchers understand much of the basic biology behind locust swarms — even how the insects change color as they mass together — but the physics describing their collective behavior has been something of a mystery.
That began to change a few years ago, when an interdisciplinary group of mathematicians, biologists and others were inspired to look at the basic physics of locust swarming. By putting more and more locusts into a ring-shaped arena 80 centimeters in diameter, the team watched as, at a critical density, the locusts switched from wandering around on their own to behaving as a group.
In new work, Carlos Escudero of the Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas in Madrid looked further at the mathematics underlying this change in behavior. From watching locusts in the arena he and his colleagues came up with an equation, called a Fokker-Planck equation, that describes how the density of particles (or in this case, insects) changes over time.
Further analysis showed that a number of random factors influence when the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.323523
Retrieved Text: Like Zephaniah, it is a book of Coming Judgment. Like Revelation, is forecasts the Earth's Harvest (3:13, 14; Revelation 14:15, 16).
ls not indicated in the book itself. Usually considered one of the earliest of the prophets of Judah, in the time of Joash (about 830 B.C.); or possibly in the reign of Uzziah (about 750 B.C.).
An appalling famine, caused by an unprecedented plague of locusts, followed by prolonged drouth, had devastated the land. The locust is an insect, resembling a large grasshopper. The four different names used in 1:4 indicate different species of locusts, or different stages of growth. Vast clouds of locusts, darkening the sun, swarming upon the earth, devouring every green thing, brought the people to their knees. Gad heard their cry, removed the locusts, and promised an era of prosperity. These locusts suggest, and may be typical of, those in Revelation 9:1-11.
19). But more. The great battle in the valley of Jehoshaphat (valley of Kidron on the east side of Jerusalem, 3:9-12), is spoken of in connection with the "harvest" (13), the "valley of decision" (14), God "uttering his voice from Jerusalem" (16), the "heavens and earth being shaken" (16), and the "fountain flowing from the house of God (18)-all of which is a continuation of the thought about the Holy Spirit era of 2:28-32. So, as a whole, the passage seems to be a picture of the Christian age, in which God's Word, embodied in the Gospel of Christ, and borne by the gracious influences of the Holy Spirit to all mankind,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.144676
Retrieved Text: A swarm of locusts covered Detroit yesterday, raising fears that Chicago could be next.
Michigan authorities sent out drones to spray pesticides over the city to prevent damage by the swarm, which numbers about 50,000 locusts, said a spokeswoman for the City of Detroit.
The locust alert comes on the eve of the bankruptcy of Detroit. “First there was the collapse of the auto industry, then there was the financial collapse and the bankruptcy of the city and now… locusts,” said longtime resident, Jimmy Bellicort.
According to the Bible, a huge swarm of locusts was the eighth of 10 plagues God imposed on Egyptians to persuade Pharoah to free the ancient Hebrews from slavery. Many believe that Detroit is similar to Egypt and that the locusts are just the beginning of several plagues that will overtake the city.
“We are doomed!” said Alvin Johnson, who lives on Six Mile.
Locusts can have a devastating effect on buildings and car factories said the Mayor of Detroit, Dave Bing.
“[The locusts] may have ruined Pharaoh, but they will not ruin us,” said Bing.
Locusts are known to move with the wind, and the swarm was swept westward from the Middle East.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.0387
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Uncategorized / Do You Dare Eat A Locust? Join Me At Limmud Philly To Find Out!
They’re healthy; they’re plentiful; they’re kosher. Just in time for Passover, some Israelis are taking advantage of a swarm of locusts flying in from Egypt to whip up a unique holiday snack. The versatile insects, which are a couple inches long, are apparently equally tasty breaded and fried or covered in molten chocolate.
Israel has been dealing with the swarm for the past couple weeks, the BBC reports. Locusts can eat their body weight in a farmer’s crops per day, so innovative humans have decided to turn the tide on the hungry pests by eating them.
Locust is the only kosher insect, and the Torah states that red, yellow, spotted grey and white locusts are fine for eating. Rabbi Ari Zivotofsky told the BBC, however, that he regularly fields calls from concerned Jews about whether or not everyone can eat locusts, or only those Yemenite and North African Jews who had a tradition of eating them. For Jews in Europe, the tradition likely died out since locusts rarely make their way that far north. But that doesn’t mean Ashkenazi Jews can’t enjoy locusts, he says.
While there are simply too many locusts to eat the swarm out of existence, Israelis who do tuck in will enjoy a healthy-and reportedly delicious-source of zinc, iron and protein.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.983536
Retrieved Text: A swarm of locusts that covers the land and the skies, devours crops, and leaves cattle without grass for grazing is a plague worthy of the Bible. In Argentina, where farmers have reported locust clouds “four miles long and nearly two miles high,” according to the New York Times, the threat is all too real.
While Argentina is facing a very clear and present danger, there's a looming threat of a swarm for other countries too—a threat that may be growing. “Locust are becoming even more dangerous in the context of exceptional weather events associated to climate change,” according to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization, which notes that the high incidence of drought in the 21st century has also worsened the impact of locusts in Africa. Drought may decrease locust numbers, but the FAO warns that higher temperatures could “shorten the incubation and maturation periods and lead to a rise in the number of locust generations in a year.” So not only will there be an increasing possibility of locust swarms but also the intensity of those swarms is likely to rise. Together, the FAO writes, a “very small” swarm consumes as much food as 35,000 people per day.
Locusts, a type of grasshopper, are relatively innocuous, solitary insects most of the time. But extreme weather events, such as those caused by climate change and El Niño, have the potential to trigger swarms. There are a number of potential environmental changes that lead to swarming, but most often the behavior has been tied to a period of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.755663
Retrieved Text: The family of orthopterous insects which includes the true locusts and the grasshoppers with short antennae.
Acrididae is the name of a large and diverse family of insects (order Orthoptera) which consists of the locusts and true grasshoppers. There are about 7,000 species in 1,100 genera.
1. Short-horned grasshoppers or true locusts.
2. Locusts and related grasshoppers.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.510927
Retrieved Text: #BeenToTheMovies: New trailer for alien invasion thriller "Beacon Point" released!
New trailer for alien invasion thriller "Beacon Point" released!
Zoe has quit her job to hike the Appalachian Trail as a tribute to her deceased father. She joins a small group of inexperienced hikers for an adventure of a lifetime. The group is, Dan, recently divorced and looking for a change from Silicon Valley, Cheese, a 17 year old kid, and Brian, his half brother he has just met. They are led by Drake, a hot headed trail master with a questionable past.
They are upbeat as they set out on the ten day trek through the Great Smokey Mountains. Drake leads them away from the main trail and the tourists, promising a grand adventure and sights they’d never see with the standard tour. After a gruesome discovery, they become lost deep in the mountains. The adventure spins out of control when they are terrorized at their campsite by an unseen force.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.316711
Retrieved Text: Huge swarms of locusts have been destroying crops in northern China - a region which is already suffering from its worst drought in more than a decade.
Two areas have been struck by the locust plague at once.
In north-central China, at least six provinces have been hit by massive infestations, and in the far north-western province of Xinjiang, another huge swarm of insects is rapidly chewing its way through the summer crop.
In the worst affected areas of Xinjiang, local farmers are reporting infestation levels of 4,000 locusts per square metre.
According to one local paper, this is the biggest outbreak of locusts in a quarter of a century.
Two years of extremely dry weather, which is already wreaking havoc on northern China's farm land, is also being blamed for this latest problem.
Locusts apparently thrive during droughts.
Meanwhile, neighbouring Kazakhstan is being blamed for the problem in far west Xinjiang.
The central Asian republic was hit by its own plague of locusts last year.
Strapped for cash, Kazakhstan was unable to pay for the aerial spraying needed to destroy the insects.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.19618
Retrieved Text: ﻿﻿ arachnids - How locusts perceive the signal to swarm.
poczta see look at this, and more.
How locusts perceive the signal to swarm.
From (od) : Michael Freudiger | Howto & Style | time (czas) 03:42 | count (liczba odwiedzin) 266231 | rating (ocena) 4.8502083 | Advert. (polecamy) - promuj się z nami | How locusts perceive the signal to swarm..
Hope..... for a peaceful resolution is not going to stop them They are at WAR with us!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.154552
Retrieved Text: Last week was not great for this zoo rabbi. One of my hyraxes, named Lorax, escaped, and despite the best efforts of my neighbors and myself to recapture it, our efforts proved fruitless. Then my fruit bat, Batsheva, escaped, and although I managed to recapture her two days later, her experiences left her in bad shape and she expired. And to top it all, I hadn't made it to the South to catch the locusts that had arrived in a plague from Egypt. The article about kosher locusts that I had written for The Times of Israel had been quoted by media outlets all over the world, but I hadn't actually gotten any! My students were begging me for a lecture on kosher locusts, and my chameleons, for whom locusts are a favorite food, were looking at me with accusing eyes (which, protruding from their heads, are particularly unsettling). And the Ministry of Agriculture reported that they had successfully fumigated all the locusts that had flown in from Egypt. Which was wonderful news for the farmers and the economy - let's not lose perspective here! - but not for my chameleons, my students and me.
And so, late last night, we planned our expedition. The latest reports indicated that a small swarm had settled in Nachal Lavan, near the Egyptian border. The Ministry of Agriculture were sending planes on Sunday morning to fumigate them. We would have to make an early start - partly because locusts can best be captured when they are dormant from the cold

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.1518
Retrieved Text: Americans visiting a D-Day cemetery in France were angry to learn that the cemetery was closed on account of the government shut down.
Thousands of Americans flock to Normandy each year to see the beaches and sharp cliff-faces where Allied soldiers made their first entry into Nazi-occupied France during a massive invasion on June 6, 1944, known as D-Day.
Next year will be the 70th anniversary of the invasion of Normandy; tourists arrived at the memorial site, only to find the gates chained shut. “Due to the U.S. Government shut-down this site is closed to the public,” read a sign on the gate. Dozens of roses had been strewn underneath by visitors.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.899265
Retrieved Text: The worst jellyfish invasion for two years has led to authorities closing beaches across Spain, leaving holidaymakers shocked. Swarms of Mauve Stinger jellyfish threatened tourists on the beaches of Alicante in the northern Costa Blanca with the Red Cross in Denia treating 50 people in just half an hour.
On Sunday alone, the number of people stung by jellyfish throughout Spain was well over 700, reported the Associated Press. Fears are rising that the affected number of people could surpass the 2008 record, when 4,000 people had to be treated for jellyfish stings.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.852972
Retrieved Text: Can These Hotels Save Italy’s Dwindling Towns?
A new hotel group aims to breathe life into dying beauty.
This article, written by Liz Boulter with additional writing by Silvia Marchetti, appears on The Guardian.
It was an unusual invasion: well-to-do people, most speaking strange tongues, and pulling their belongings behind them on little wheels. Arriving as couples, families, groups of friends, they spent money in the village shop and ate at its few restaurants.
Italy's crackdown continues as cities employ measures to keep tourists in check.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.818398
Retrieved Text: Locusts and grasshoppers are serious threats for agriculture in Caucasus and Central Asia (CCA). Three locust pests, the Italian (CIT), the Moroccan (DMA) and the Migratory (LMI) locusts, jeopardize food security and livelihoods in both regions as well as in adjacent areas of northern Afghanistan and southern Russian Federation. Over 25 million hectares of cultivated areas are potentially at risk.
Locusts have a high capacity to multiply, form groups, migrate over relatively large distances (they can fly up to 100 km per day) and settle and breed in various habitats. These capacities enhance their pest status at regional level. Locust are becoming even more dangerous in the context of exceptional weather events associated with climate change, due to their very high capacity to take advantage of new situations; as an indicator, the locust situation has deteriorated with recurrent droughts since the beginning of the 21st century.
10 countries: Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russian Federation, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
25 million ha of cultivated areas under threat and at least 20 million people at risk, including the most vulnerable rural populations.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.640987
Retrieved Text: What is it that we see happening here? Some say just a migration of locusts. Some say God’s wrath and judgment.
You can read more of the story on The Daily Express, The Blaze, The Daily Wire, and Newsweek.
Official reports seem to agree that the swarm contained roughly 30,000 locusts, but also stated that swarms could reach numbers into the hundreds of thousands.
Video footage showed swarms of the insects creeping about on the walls of the holy building, and even people walking outside were covered in bugs.
All the news sources cited the fact that the “Biblical” aspect of the phenomenon was evident, but they also state they do not think this has any kind of “religious” connotation.
Still, crews were said to be working very hard to clean the mess up and rid the place of the swarm as soon as possible.
What makes this whole situation even more mind boggling is the fact that people from that area who were interviewed (as you can read in the links above) say this was the first time anything like this has ever happened.
There was another locust plague that happened in the Syrian region in 1915. That plague lasted from February to June. Some places saw a continuation of the plague into October. Locals at that time said they had never seen locusts in that number in the area in their lifetimes.
Still, it seems an odd thing to happen. Especially considering that the weekly Torah reading, going on at the same time as this infestation, was the story about the plague

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.500582
Retrieved Text: HOSEA Beginning with Hosea and concluding with Malachi, there are twelve short prophecies called the Minor Prophets. They are so called because of the size of the books and not because of their content. The Minor Prophets all deal with the same major issues of the Major Prophets. They are actually quoted by the Major Prophets kjv@Jeremiah:26:18). The writers of the Minor Prophets were exceedingly nationalistic, but they were not isolationists. There were to be no godless alliances with other nations, but they were warned of an isolationism from God. They were extremely patriotic and denounced political and moral corruption. This has given rise to the modern emphasis on the social message of the prophets. It is a striking fact that there is scant material on the Minor Prophets. A cursory inspection of any religious library will corroborate this. There is a wealth of material on most of the books of the Bible, but when you leave Daniel and pass over to Hosea, it is like going from a fertile valley to a sterile desert. WRITER: Hosea All that is known of him is what he reveals in his prophecy. TIME: The word of the LORD that came unto Hosea, the son of Beeri, in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam, the son of Joash, king of Israel. kjv@Hosea:1:1) In spite of the fact that Hosea mentions the four kings of Judah first and the one king of Israel last, he was a prophet to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.44984
Retrieved Text: Bonjour mes amis ! That means “hello my friends” in French, of course!
After exploring the beautiful Alsace region in the north east of France, we drove to the very north tip of France to Normandy, the site of several World War II beach landings.
Our first point of interest was indeed a popular one and it was what my human best friend wanted to see the most: Omaha Beach, sight of the historic World War II D-Day Landings.
We parked near the beach and hopped off in search of the historic sites.
There’s tons of history in this massive seaborne D-Day invasion with the Allied forces storming the entire section of the beach to take it from opposing forces back in June 1944. Of course nowadays it’s a place where many come to visit and veterans come to pay tribute to fallen comrades.
We walked to the center of Omaha Beach to see our first stop: the monument Les Braves. The memorial commemorates the lives of fallen American soldiers.
It was a chilly spring day when we visited but nonetheless, there were many tourists who arrived in large coaches and in tour groups to visit the monument.
We spent some time in the area and talked to a few fellow tourists including an American family who came with an older gentleman who happened to be a veteran from the Normandy invasion. They came all the way from the states to see the site. According to the family, the man had actually been to Omaha Beach during the invasion and fought alongside his

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.336506
Retrieved Text: Locusts are the farmers’ plague. They swarm together and once they create groups, they multiple quickly. Left to their own devices, they can decimate entire crop fields. Their impact has been so severe that pesticides are designed specifically for locust population control.
But studies as recent as 2009 have shown that when locusts swarm together, serotonin (the neurotransmitter responsible for mood regulation) is released in relatively great quantities. If human biochemistry (and emotional constructs) apply, then one could even infer that locusts become happy when they are in large groups (by that same token, they could also just be very, very angry…).
I compare locusts to social media users because of similar core behaviors. Both can amass in great numbers to share a common sentiment, but both can also create irreparable damage if uncontrolled. As I mentioned in last month’s blog post about the role of psychology is social media branding, knowing the opinions of others greatly affects our own behaviors. Groupthink plays a large role in why people downvote threads in Reddit, how the RickRoll became a meme, and how brands are made or broken in the social media space.
Consider the recent viral hit of the fake BP Global PR Twitter account. Obviously, there are tons of people who are more than angry about the oil spill and how BP has handled it. But give people a platform to complain about it, make it funny, and soon you’ll have thousands of people nodding in agreement. BP never stood a chance.
So how can you leverage swarms to improve

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.31539
Retrieved Text: The play is based on the piece The Locusts, written by modern Serbian writer Biljana Srbljanovic. She recreates the post-soviet reality by using creative tools of post-soviet artists. The director, together with his team, seek to find the core of the author’s work in the context of the Eastern European culture, social life and theatre. We often hear talks about the contemporary dramaturgy and The Locusts is a great example of it. The dramaturgy is presented in a form of a daily life, instead of sad fantasies. The Locusts focuses on conflicts between different generations within the same family. The older generation is worried about the future, while the children are afraid of getting old and dying. Incapability to love and understand the closest people around is what unifies monologues and dialogues of both generations.

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: The word "answer" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Answer the question.
Sentence 2: She didn't want to answer.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.190811
Retrieved Text: "Can I walk in all by myself?"
Not only did she want to walk into her school by herself, she wanted us to stay in the car!
We compromised and walked in behind her.
Talk about having your heart ripped out - She didn't even tell us good bye! She marched in, threw her bag down and acted like she had been there a million times!
She had such a fun time. She was full of smiles and stories when I picked her up.
She has been chattering all afternoon. At one point, she said "Do you want me to say that again?"
I guess it was obvious even to her that I wasn't listening!! She wanted to know if I knew why she comes into our room at night. The answer? "Because of monsters." After I told her that monsters weren't real, she said "I know, and you weren't listening to me, huh?!" Busted!
Almost the same thing happened to me with Kayla. First of all, I didn't want her to go to school, 2nd, its a full day :( But she begged me. Today she informed me that she didn't need the boys helping her to and from class, she could do it by herself. These girls...they grow up so much faster and are so independent. Arghh. Don't they realize their moms want to coddle them still?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.939087
Retrieved Text: I admit, I’d be ticked if I was Kylie too. Though I imagine Gavin and Rudy probably WANT to tell him. But how?
Besides, Rudy’s falling more and more in the doghouse with Rain lately, and doesn’t need to top it off with outing her (again, if you count Chapter 1). And Gavin spent the first four chapters trying to get OUT of the doghouse; surely, he doesn’t need to screw it up again now.
If you were in their position, how would you respond? Is there a right way to approach this that would appease Kylie and NOT devastate Rain?
I just stumbled onto the comic and just read it from the beginning. I am really enjoying it.
My response, as I hope those of my friends would say, "You'd have to ask her." It's a pretty crappy answer, but at least it shifts blame off of us. Hahaha.
I agree with this answer. After I went full-time, one of my co-workers was bombarded with questions about me, and he gave them nearly the same answer. "Go ask her."
IMHO, the best answer right now would be, "You should be asking that question in private. If she didn't want to talk about it in the car, she certainly won't want to talk about it in front of all of these other people."
I know Jocelyn didn't draw the other people, but I'm pretty sure they're still at the party.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.608747
Retrieved Text: In most states, you have three options for responding to a divorce complaint or petition. You can file an appearance, which tells the court you're neither contesting nor agreeing with your spouse's request for divorce, but want to be involved in decisions regarding custody, support or property. Your other choice is to file an answer to your spouse's divorce papers, denying her grounds or contesting her requests regarding custody, support or property. Lastly, you can file a counterclaim with your answer, which serves as your own complaint or petition for divorce.
Because a counterclaim acts as your own complaint, it tells the court you also want the divorce. You can file on the same grounds your spouse did or elect to use different grounds of your own. If both you and your spouse file on your state's no-fault grounds, this tells the court you also believe your marriage is over. Alternatively, you might want to file on fault grounds if your spouse committed adultery or some other marital misconduct. You can do so, even if your spouse filed on no-fault grounds.
In some states, if you file just an answer to your spouse's divorce papers, you can only ask the court to deny what she's asking for. If you file a counterclaim instead, you can ask for your own relief. In legal terms, "relief" is what you're asking the court to give you. Therefore, if your spouse asks for custody and you file an answer and counterclaim in response, you can ask the court to deny her request

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.373728
Retrieved Text: Karen Black on CJOB radio had an interesting discussion going during her afternoon drive. It seems a lady had been asked on a job application whether or not she was married. What the job was, I don't know, but the lady, it seems, had been bothered by the question, and Karen, too, found the question objectionable.
So she brought the question to the people. How would we feel if, on a job application, we were asked whether or not we were married. I thought about it, and realized that I had no feelings either way. I didn't think it was a necessary question, but I also didn't see the harm in it. I predicted, quite accurately, it seems, that there would be a gender split here, that those objecting to the question would primarily be women and that those not objecting to it would primarily be men. Those who objected tended to object very strenuously, while those who didn't object tended to vary in opinion from indifference to one man who said that such objection had everything to do with feminism, an argument I didn't understand, let alone buy.
The host felt that it was a privacy issue. I'm not sure I buy this either, sicne one's marital status is, as far as I know, a matter of public record. I guess I don't see the big deal one way or another. If I were designing a job application question, I wouldn't put that question on it, whether or not such a question is legal; but if I

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.339775
Retrieved Text: Arthur could see that Kriton was shocked.
Lex used to be good-looking.
Barry tried to pick up his keys with his toes.
Leora offered to carry Morton's suitcase, but she told him she wanted to carry it herself.
Thad didn't want to cross the picket line.
Nathan didn't want to answer Julius's question.
According to his schedule, Mayo should've been here by now.
Why didn't you give Ellen the money he asked for?
I saw Debbie looking into a show window.
Is George a member of the swimming club?
Lorraine is talking on the telephone.
Po tried to relax, but he couldn't.
Turkeer is the only customer in the bar.
Tell Anne what Ranjit asked you to do.
Frank had planned to catch up on some work over the weekend.
Real has achieved a lot.
Cynthia can't hide the truth anymore.
Lukas told Hal he didn't want to help her.
Cathrin's parents allow him to do a lot of things that my parents don't allow me to do.
Vladislav doesn't intend to go by himself.
Kay never even saw us.
Lana and Micah came to an understanding.
Teruyuki handed Kyung a pen.
Vincent put a band-aid on his finger.
What kind of person is Debbie?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.295351
Retrieved Text: pilihan fans: everything i'd ever want!!!
everything i&# 39; d ever want!!!
Do anda believe in cinta at first sight??
How anda say "Love" in your language???
What is cinta for u??
A lady left her halaman awal and saw 3 old men with long white facial hair sitting in her front yard. She didn't remember them. She said, "I don't think I know you, yet anda should be hungry. If anda don't mind come in and have something to eat." "Is the man of the house home?", they asked. "No", she said. "He's out."
"At that point, we can't come in", they answered. At night when her Husband returned home, she told to him what had happened. "Go tell them I am halaman awal and welcome them in!" The lady went out and welcomed the men in. "We don't go into a House together," they answered.
an answer was added to this question: How you say "Love" in your language???
an answer was added to this question: Love means.....?
an answer was added to this question: What is love for u??
Who was considered the world’s GREATEST Lover?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.251873
Retrieved Text: Axel also needs to do that.
Why are you so interested in what Earnie was doing?
Courtney was so surprised he was speechless.
Jos didn't kill his wife.
Carol denied that he had done what he was accused of doing.
Harold didn't bother to answer.
Takayuki's last name was Jackson.
Andrea didn't intend to cause Krzysztof any trouble.
I can't conceive of Ji doing that.
Owen has never told anyone what happened that night.
Boyd didn't mean to step on Dorothy's toes.
Sundaresan seems to be searching for something.
Who did you and Socorrito work for?
Wes admitted he couldn't speak French.
Kerri isn't looking very well.
Louiqa was upset when she saw a picture of June's ex-girlfriend in his wallet.
Shadow and Tuan don't often do things together.
"And that's your best?" Alejandro retorted spitefully.
Shaw will come after me.
I assume that Syed will eat dinner with us this evening.
Everybody hoped that Lukas wouldn't die.
Ravi taught his children French.
We could have a problem if Donal shows up early.
I want to do something for Murat.
Jamie looked in her purse, but she didn't find what she was looking for.
Darren has only had one girlfriend.
Julius asked me to speak to Daryl.
I want to see how Bradford lives.
Pete is shooting with a machine-gun.
I don't live with Brad.
I know because Rodney told me.
That was Son's only fault.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.034864
Retrieved Text: Note the use of DID + S + infinitive (questions) and DID NOT / DIDN'T + infinitive (negations)!
Did he / she work?
The -ed (or -d) form is used only in positive sentences!
The irregular simple past forms of strong verbs are used only in positive sentences!
BUT not for the auxiliaries: see CAN and BE above!
Here is two lists of irregular / strong verbs including archaic forms.
It may be time for you to have a good recap!
When did you last go to the cinema? I last went to the cinema last month.
What did you do at six o'clock?
She was in the office at 10.30.
I went shopping at the end of last week.
She saw her parents at the end of last month.
What did you do on Monday / on 15th May / on Wednesday 3rd June?
I phoned her on Tuesday / I moved out on 2 September.
She was on holiday in July.
The accident happened in 2009.
I met my best friends 26 years ago.
Find the Simple Past form of the following regular verbs and write the way the ending is pronounced. Make sure you know how to pronounce the infinitive!
1. He (answer) the question.
2. They (be) ________________ elsewhere yesterday.
3. You (ask) a stupid question.
5. We (leave) at 10pm.
6. She (come) to see you.
7. They (go) home late.
8. She (forget) her name.
9. I (know) why she didn’t want to see me.
11. He (see) ____________ me and (recognise) _________________ me at once.
3. Fiona visited her grandma.
6. You saw the house.
7. He caught the ball.
1. She pushed her trolley.
2. She carried a suitcase.
3.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.986883
Retrieved Text: Csilla's story was really simple... I just met her in a cold winter day and since I had no better story in mind I told her about our reality show and I just explained her as nicely possible when your hand hand is frozen on the photo camera :) that we would like her to be a model for a few minutes... in the pool... with all her clothes on... And her answer surprised me a bit, cos she asked something like: Why should I get in with clothes on? And I asked her if she would want to do it naked and she did not said no, but she didn't look very ashamed about my proposal.
So this gave me an idea, I wanted to try for a while... I know for a fact that many ladies wear nylons under jeans during winter time, because it's warmer like this (I guess) So while we drive to the studio, I have asked her if she would be comfortable to pose a little sexier for the cameras, and take the jeans off. I did not asked her if she is wearing nylons underneath, cos I didn't want her to freak out ;) BUT I was hoping that she is wearing nylons under the pants.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.798388
Retrieved Text: Does she need me again as a lover ? [Archive] - The Attraction Forums. Dating Advice.
The Attraction Forums. Dating Advice. > Main Forums > General Discussion > Breakups > Does she need me again as a lover ?
View Full Version : Does she need me again as a lover ?
my ex gf dumped me 2 months ago because in 3 years I never proposed her. She never told it but I know this is the main reason. She also told me that I never gave her a better life though I did my best. I agree with her on many points, I know my mistakes.
Just before she dumped me, she tried to look for another boy with Line. I knew she was doing it in my back, it was obvious, she didn't let me see her phone and she would turn off the sound so I wouldn't know that someone is calling her.
Right after she dumped me, she went with another boy. Then she would not answer my calls nor respond to my SMS. I sent her some very nasty SMS. I was really desperate and very angry. There were very tough words. I know that I would never had to send these garbage, but I cannot come back on what I did.
After her new relationship finished, she was OK to talk with me. But she was very rude with me. Showing that her new BF was so much better than me, that she had been so much far with him ... hmmm just 1 month.
So

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.771034
Retrieved Text: Sarah Palin: What Exactly Does The VP Do Everyday?
In an interview just a month ago, she dissed the job, saying it didn't seem "productive."
In fact, she said she didn't know what the vice president does.
Larry Kudlow of CNBC's "Kudlow & Co." asked her about the possibility of becoming McCain's ticket mate.
Palin replied: "As for that VP talk all the time, I'll tell you, I still can't answer that question until somebody answers for me what is it exactly that the VP does every day? I'm used to being very productive and working real hard in an administration. We want to make sure that that VP slot would be a fruitful type of position, especially for Alaskans and for the things that we're trying to accomplish up here for the rest of the U.S., before I can even start addressing that question."

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.755945
Retrieved Text: Thank you very much for answering my question. I was surprised to read that you believe anesthtic would have assisted my dermatologist in this procedure. I asked if she planned to use local anesthetic when placing the threads, but she said she couldn'tc because the fluid would distort her visual field and that she needed to see the planes in which she was working. I have to say that it was excruciatingly painful, particularly as she pushed through the scar tissue. (To be honest, I wondered if she was deliberately torturing/punishing me for having had a facelift a decade ago. "This procedure is meant for people who have never had any surgery. You shouldn't be asking for this," she almost barked as she was placing the threads.) Since she was so angry, I worked very hard to suppress my impulse to scream, though I didn't fully succeed; I didn't want to give her additional reason to complain or to abort the project. Based on your previous answer, I'll be sure to ask for lidocaine if I can find someone else to do this in the future. Thank you!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.701424
Retrieved Text: Kit has no right to do this.
Sergiu seems to want something from you.
That's all the warning Syed and the others need.
What did you do with Dimitry's keys?
I think Duke is hard-working.
I just let Wendy think we did that even though we didn't really do it.
Mott has lost a lot of weight.
Niels wanted Billie to get a tattoo.
Carol couldn't convince Kathy that she had made a mistake.
How come I didn't call Ramesh?
Barton is in another room.
Kikki handed the picture to Pam.
There's no way to do this without Harry.
I know how Darin thinks.
Leith is a classmate of mine.
I know you were expecting Debi to be here.
Space asked Kieran a few questions that she couldn't answer, but she was able to answer most of his questions.
Teriann appeared to be sleeping.
Alastair awaited the news with bated breath.
Tobias has to get back home.
Srinivas seemed like a nice guy.
Conrad doesn't have much choice.
Why don't you ask Harris to help you?
Frances and his dog sleep in the same room.
Rajendra wants to file a complaint.
Penny came up with a new technique.
Pim is allergic to milk.
Tran is looking for a good job.
I'll need someone to take care of Murat.
Oscar poked his pencil through the hole.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.665554
Retrieved Text: I didn't realize my outfit that day would inspire, until a middle-aged woman, hands full of designer shopping bags, walked by and told me she wanted to be me. I was flattered, but a bit taken aback, slightly thrown. Because the truth was, that I always had wanted to be her.
I never had a good answer when I was asked, "What do you want to be when you grow up?"
I didn't say doctor or nurse, teacher, actress. I felt like that would have been faking it. I really didn't know. I felt bad for not knowing.
And now I realize - it's because you are never solely one thing. Nor should anyone ever strive to be defined as one particular thing. Society plants these seeds in young minds, that you should work in your life to be that one thing, that label for your grown up self. Those seeds, in actuality, are limiting. By setting those expectations, many of our peers have developed this feeling of anxiety and ineptitude surrounding the topic of whether or not we are where we "should" be in our 20s & 30's.
Perhaps the question should be, "How much do you want to be.."?
How great do you want to be, at the many things that you will do? Because we are not defined by a singular profession. The one career goal that we achieve should not the benchmark by which we measure our success, and call it a day. Rather, a slice of the pie we're cooking (is that a term? I don't

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.614267
Retrieved Text: Fletcher had more work to do.
Jaime probably had a good reason for leaving early.
Hon moved away with Rusty.
Is Tai looking at me?
I've written to Boyd about Huashi.
Jacques asked Gregge who she was looking for.
Murat has silky smooth legs.
Liz told me he thought this was a good idea.
Ned gave Daniele a box of chocolates laced with poison.
I forgot Himawan was the one who taught you how to play the guitar.
Benjamin put his duffle bag on the seat next to him.
Adrian started to go, but Hohn stopped him.
"What do you want?" "I just wanted to talk to Sjouke."
Cristopher had some great ideas.
Raj made Jwahar tell him everything.
Cindy gave a bouquet of flowers to Agatha.
Rudy was leaning against the wall near the door.
I suggest you don't ask Mikael that question.
Jiri walked away and soon disappeared into the fog.
Nothing's going to happen to Pravin.
Becky promised he'd never do that again.
The question still remains why Dirk would want to do that.
What Ramsey told me didn't make any sense.
Raul didn't know how to answer Carole's question.
Nancy rummaged through his closet looking for a pair of black shoes.
Jacques showed up Monday night.
Loyd rummaged through the contents of her purse, but couldn't find what she was looking for.
Kari looked in her purse, but she didn't find what she was looking for.
We saw Sanjib talking to Carlos.
Christian is a little uptight.
Do you think that Honzo had something to do with it?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.55886
Retrieved Text: Constantly ringing today. Had to block. Didn't answer.
Lady with English accent rang me from this number and when I answered she quoted a 7 digit number and hung up. Don't know what that was about.
Want to track phone 00442084336065?, need more information?, enter your email address and we will send you an email with the new information we obtain.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.527199
Retrieved Text: But when prosecutor Autrey James asked Eva Ng if she leased the warehouse to Almena and Nicholas Bouchard on Nov. 10, 2013, she refused to testify, citing her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Harris' attorney Curtis Briggs asked Ng if any of her actions "led to the deaths of 36 people at the warehouse," and she again refused to answer.
Ng, who was accompanied by a lawyer, also refused to answer Briggs' question if it is true that she knew that people were living in the warehouse, which didn't have a permit for residential use, at the time of the fire.
Almena's lawyer Tony Serra also got no answer from Ng when he asked if it was true that "you knew from the outset that there would be artists living at those premises and you allowed it."
Kai Ng, who was represented by the same lawyer, refused to answer similar questions as well as others.
One of Briggs' questions was whether Kai Ng paid a large sum of money to a public relations office and used his political influence to make sure that the Alameda County District Attorney's Office wouldn't file charges against him.
The third owner of the warehouse is Chor Ng, the mother of Eva and Kai, but defense lawyers have said she fled to China after the fire.
After Eva and Kai Ng left the courtroom of Alameda County Superior Court, Trina Thompson Serra and Briggs said prosecutors should offer them "use immunity," which would allow them to testify at the trial for Almena and Harris without having their testimony

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.520412
Retrieved Text: She simply replied to a fan's curious tweet. Wasn't a big thing.
Want to know about Bella Thorne's love life? Tweet at her.
While there are many celebrities who make a big deal about coming out, in magazine covers, personal essays or YouTube videos, the Shake It Up actress, 18, shared with her Twitter followers that she's bisexual with a simple "Yes" reply to a tweet from a fan who asked. The question was prompted by Thorne's Snapchat, which showed photos of herself and another girl kissing.
This candid answer follows another reveal on social media, that she and boyfriend Gregg Sulkin, 24, broke up. She didn't make a big deal out of that piece of news, either. "Things just didn't end up working the way we had hoped," she said in a Twitter reply.
Thorne has received plenty of love from fans since tweeting about her sexuality.
The actress is shooting a new TV series, Famous in Love, which has her dancing with So You Think You Can Dance legend Stephen "tWitch" Boss.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.515017
Retrieved Text: Hi, I'm new to this Site but someone from Ruby Lane, where I have a shop, suggested you may be able to answer a question for me. I shipped, via Insured Priority Mail, a beautiful Spode Copeland, Tiffany plate to a customer in the middle of the 7+ day heat wave on the East Coast. It was wrapped in three sheets of bubble wrap and placed in the middle of a large Priority Mail box that was full of peanuts. When she received the plate, she told me that it was cracked and glued because it was sticky. Shipping during the heat wave from RI to VA has to be the cause because the plate was in mint condition when it left here. She didn't want to get the insurance saying I had sent to to her that way. Previously, she had bought an identical one and there was no problem. She reported me to Ruby Lane and to the BBB. Ruby Lane, to their credit has asked her to put in an Insurance claim. Sorry I'm so long winded about this but I want to give you the whole story. Anyway, my question to all of you is have you ever had bubble wrap melt and/or a plate crack from the heat in shipping? Thanks.
: Hi, I'm new to this Site but someone from Ruby Lane, where I have a shop, suggested you may be able to answer a question for me. I shipped, via Insured Priority Mail, a beautiful Spode Copeland, Tiffany plate to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.494923
Retrieved Text: my mind. "Wait...omigod...you didn't know?'" She countered in surprise and embarrassment.
I want to know where you are.
You left your phone in the car.
And I am calling you on it this time.
if I hadn’t found it out myself?
has been a part of our lives.
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie….so shamelessly.
a man who tends to be late.
I want what I’m after…answer!
Would you have told me if I hadn’t found it out myself?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.480562
Retrieved Text: Everything you want to know about matching food and wine but didn't know who to ask!
Fiona Beckett is wine writer for the Guardian but has also for many years run a fantastic website www.matchingfoodandwine.com which suggests food and wine combinations or if you have a particular wine what food would best go with it.
Every year she tests hundreds of combinations.
So if ever you are wondering what to serve with a Moroccan Hairy Mammoth Casserole she may well have the answer or if you have a bottle of Austrian Pinot Noir and want to know what tasty morsel will have both the wine and food singing in harmony visit www.matchingfoodandwine.com.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.44804
Retrieved Text: "Mr. Lu, do you want to ask why Ye didn't come here?" Paula hated Autumn, but she remained calm and said, "She has quit her job, so I'm in charge of her job from now on. Mr. Lu, we..."
Charles was left confused when he learnt that Autumn had resigned. Despite that, he told Paula, "Go back and tell Mr. Zhou that I will only collaborate with her. If she has quit her job, I think there is no reason to cooperate anymore."
Charles entered the office, passed by Paula who stood in front him and sat at his office desk. He then became busy with some documents.
Paula remained stunned for a long while. She didn't expect Charles not to react at all.
"Mr. Lu..." She frowned perplexedly. She took every means to sow dissension between Ryan and Autumn. Now she had finally forced Autumn to leave Cloud Advertising Company. But since Charles insisted on working with Autumn, she didn't know how to explain this to Ryan.
"Is there anything else?" asked Charles flatly, while discontentedly glancing at Paula who stood nearby.
Paula continued to hesitate. She tried every way to drive Autumn out of the company and was just promoted to the Planning Director position. So she didn't want to fail in dealing with the first case in this position.
"Mr. Lu, I know that it is Ye who gets in touch with you to deal with all the previous cases. But now she has quit her job. Mr. Zhou pays high attention to the cooperation with the Shining Company, so

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.436815
Retrieved Text: I will be 8 weeks tomorrow. My fiance and I have been having so many issues that past few weeks and I don't know if I really want to keep going with this relationship. We both have trust issues. Also, ever since we moved in together he has so much baby momma drama from the mothers (2 exes) of his kids and mother in law drama. His mother came into town from another country and she didn't even give me a chance because she says she only has one daughter in law (his 1st wife of 15 years). This woman didn't even want to meet me, which hurt a lot because they would have family reunions/dinners to which I wasn't invited because she doesn't want to have anything to do with me. I have 4 kids of my own 3 from my 1st marriage and 1 from my last, this will be our 1st together. The last argument (trust issues on both sides) we had I flat out told him that the door is open and that if he wanted to leave he could. I'm not happy in my relationship at the moment. Lately I have been thinking about just ending our relationship but I don't know if I am just hormonal. My thing is that if I end this relationship I may regret it later thinking that things may have worked out but I also don't want to waste time since I am a full time employee and student. Any advice will help please! I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.414219
Retrieved Text: Written on 9 November 2007 in response to luckybrans' prompt of Angelina/Montague, featuring him choosing to go and fight with her at Hogwarts.
"It's your school, too, your world. Do you like what's happening at Hogwarts? Do you like what's happening in society? Do you think I should have to be on some list of people yours consider to be inferior?"
Angelina's questions were difficult to hear, and even more difficult to answer. For Montague, the world was working out exactly as it ought—to a point.
Miss you, he thought, staring at her picture.
The insipid witches his parents had been parading before him since he'd left Hogwarts had all been incredibly boring. Not having anything useful to do with his time—because of course he shouldn't have to work—had also become difficult. And he was worried about Angelina, about how they'd left things after he'd seen her before her match.
If the Dark Lord wins . . . .
Montague didn't believe his parents were evil, just lazy. The unpleasantness didn't affect them, so they didn't notice it. No one discussed politics in his house.
But politics isn't what we're talking about here. It's people. It's her.
No matter what Montague did, he couldn't forget Angelina, and he didn't like his life without her. Giving up the privileges of wealth to have her—he hadn't been certain he could do that. Now he wasn't so sure. Even seeing her for so brief a moment had made him feel more alive than he had in months.
But now it's more than wealth that I'd be giving up,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.407194
Retrieved Text: She's ditched me again. That's the third time this year.
Got a phone call last night as I folded my clothes for a week away (my flat is little more than a clean clothing production line with Sky). In tears she explained that she didn't want 'us' to continue because after 9 months she still wasn't sure, but that she didn't want to lose me as her closest friend. I listened in a cold silence as a spiralling pit yawned in my stomach, told her I'd been expecting it, hung up and went out and got drunk.
I woke at 4am, and while my blurry head adjusted to the half-light of my room, the chasm reopened and I fell in, my stomach whirling and churning. It wasn't pretty. But after an hour my thoughts crystallised into one conclusion - I wasn't going to accept her answer. As a conclusion unfortunately, it doesn't help, making me sound like a petulant toddler, screaming and screaming until I'm sick. Also it probably ultimately leads to a seedy experience living at the bottom of her garden and picking up court orders.
The second conclusion I reached, once two cups of tea to the good and ensconsed in a Nottingham bound First Class compartment, was that I'm beyond caring. Although spectacularly at odds with previous behaviour, it's sustaining me at the moment.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.405973
Retrieved Text: Ed asked Tracy a question she didn't want to answer.
Do you know where Denis's car is parked?
Since his wife died, Sharada has been mother and father in one to the children.
Daniel was a little disoriented.
Pierce and Monty both graduated from the same university.
Lucifer is dialling a number.
I think Bea is asleep.
Sid sat cross-legged on the bed.
Guillermo doesn't want Kathryn to do what he did.
I heard that Kathryn is planning to come with us.
Wade seems to be unwilling to be a suicide bomber.
I didn't know Shaw could do that.
Ted is your cousin, isn't he?
I don't think Donald knows how to run the business.
Julianto said it really did happen.
They tried to handcuff Theo.
Harvey didn't show me anything.
Joseph is nice, isn't he?
Did you hear about Saad's resignation?
Sir has written a very thorough report.
I hope Miltos feels better.
Mah hasn't been to the supermarket in a long time.
We talked about Gene and Maarten's relationship.
Emma has done nothing but complain.
Rayan hardly speaks any French.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.312094
Retrieved Text: Fellow Mtbikers, want to see some beautiful girls, then help me evaluate them, who's your bet?
Me. Korea is pretty too.. charming..
want I will be happy."
Miss brazil.. she gets my vote. Lips, curvey body, skin, legs..etc.
one thing common that i didn't like about ms.russia,ms.brazil,ms.venezuela and ms. puerto rico...................................malilikot matulog.
But I thought Ms. Serbia will win coz of her willingness to answer the question w/o any interpreter.
Crowd faves Miss Russia, Brazil, Belgium, Puerto Rico, India and RP did not make it, better luck next time.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.290266
Retrieved Text: Sometimes a person is best described by using their own words. That is why I chose to interview Lonica Lee Halley for her portroids' page.
Ado, ado, ado, without further ado ... I present "The Interview".
PORTROIDS: What do you want people to know about you that they don't already know?
LONICA LEE HALLEY: (silence - for literally two months) (OK ... I'll answer for her) (in Loni voice) I hate to be interviewed.
P: Oh, that's a very interesting answer, and something I didn't already know. Next question: Hypothetically, if by some cruel trick of fate, both of our spouses were no longer our spouses (like if Michael went off to the desert to save the whales and he didn't return for like two weeks, and Erica went skydiving and broke her leg and was bed-ridden and I got sick of taking care of her), and you and I decided to get married, would you (a strict vegetarian) cook meat for me (a fierce and savage carnivore)?
LLH: (again, no answer - maybe she thinks "hypothetical" is the same as "rhetorical")(if she wasn't so disresepectful of the "interview process", I'm sure she would say ...) That is so far-fetched that I refuse to answer.
P: Far-fetched, or so real that it just blew your mind?
P: Do you always use your middle name "Lee", or was that just special for portroids? Follow up question: are you still going by the name "Lee Halley: Karate-Chop Master", or has that fad faded?
LLH (LH:K-CM): (quiet, oh so quiet) (in Loni voice) I was nervous, so

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.283442
Retrieved Text: I was trying not to be blinded by my teary eyes as I steadied my gaze on the road, covered with darkness.
"How could she say that to me?" I thought to myself.
My friend had a lot on her plate. I usually visit her to help out in anyway I could. To be there if she needed to vent out about the ills from her work and other pressures dragging her, some continuing to wound her heart.
Her silence in the car as we were running errands stabbed my heart.
"What's wrong?" I queried to break the ice.
"Nothing's wrong!" she replied with a sure tone. More silence ensued.
Going back to their house, that was when she blew up and accused me that I always assumed things when she wasn't talking.
I found myself raising my voice and told her I couldn't read her mind so maybe that was why I always assumed because she treated me with silence.
But she retorted that she always was complaining to me that she chose to do so. Though I never complained I got tired of hearing her problems, even if they were told over and over.
She accused me of not even asking how she felt because she had a lot of things in her mind. I didn't. Because I was nursing my own wounds. I was recalling my dad's death anniversary that day and my mom's today. I didn't even dare tell her knowing she was going through a lot. That I didn't think of my own misery as important as hers. But she

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.257483
Retrieved Text: I'm not sure how to handle this issue. I posted a question in another forum. I received a response from a poster who was nice enough to chime in on my issue. Bottom line is that the question really never got answered, although the other poster acknowledged that he was able to repeat my problem so it wasn't just something on my system. However, a moderator (I guess that who he/she was) marked one of the messages of this other poster as "Answer" when it wasn't the answer.
Shouldn't the person who initially posted the question (started the thread) determine and mark the applicable message as an answer? I can understand if a question was answered and the OP either forgot or just didn't take the time to mark a message as Answer, and the forum moderator had to do it.
There was no option for me to "unmark" the marked answer. And I didn't want to post a message and publicly challenge the moderator. So ... has this happened to anyone else? What should I do in a situation like this? I guess I'd prefer the thread be kept marked as "Unanswered" so that maybe somebody will still come along and have an answer.
If you are the thread starter there should be an option to "UnMark as Answer" make sure you are logged in.
Just to add a little bit, and explain some of the guidance we give to forum owners and moderators, your initial assertion that the person who asked the question should be the one to

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: The word "smoothness" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The weather system of the Pacific is determined by the uninterrupted smoothness of the ocean.
Sentence 2: His oily smoothness concealed his guilt from the police.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.740034
Retrieved Text: Delivering high speed spinning reel performance just as its name suggest, the Lew's Mach II Metal Speed Spin Spinning Reel features a blazing fast 6.2:1 gear ratio. Perfect for a wide range of finesse and light line applications, it features a super smooth 10 bearing system (9+1) for consistently fluid casts and retrieves. Its S-curve oscillation system also adds to the smoothness of the reel, and its lightweight Aluminum body and sideplate form a base that keeps all the moving parts in perfect alignment.
The hefty six-disc drag system stays smooth throughout its range, and the quality brass gearing dishes out serious power to haul fish back to the boat. Each reel is also loaded with Speed Lube, which helps provide exceptional smoothness and uninterrupted performance in all weather conditions, from extreme heat to freezing cold. Available in a range of sizes, the Lew's Mach II Metal Speed Spin Spinning Reel delivers speed, precision and reliability at a great price.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.150131
Retrieved Text: El nino is really hot water temperatures that occur around the Equatorial Pacific, and an oscillation of the ocean-atmosphere system in the tropical Pacific. El nino affects weather all around the world, but it greatly affects hurricanes. El nino helps stop tropical disturbances from turning into hurricanes by the wind it creates. The stronger wind shear allows the storm to disperse heat over a large area.
La nina is el nino&apos;s opposite. La nina brings cold ocean water temperatures to the Equatorial Pacific and is basically causes the opposite of almost everything el nino causes.
The bermuda high is the high pressure system that is over the Atlantic Ocean in the summertime. The bermuda high sends hurricanes to different areas, normally up the east coast then out to sea, by being a block that doesn&apos;t allow hurricanes to pass through it. Global warming is causing the bermuda high to becoming stronger, causing a lot of unusal summer weather.
The water temperature gives a hurricane its energy; if the water is cold the hurricane is weak and if the water is hot the hurricane is strong. Once the water reaches 80 degrees, a hurricane can form. Water is heated by radiation(from the sun) and by different currents flowing into the atlantic ocean bringing hot or cold water. The temperature of the ocean has been rising which is leading to more hurricanes developing.
New research from Duke University states that global warming appears to have caused the "Bermuda high" to intensify, leading to a doubling of abnormally wet or dry summer weather

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.029274
Retrieved Text: Lake San Marcos is an un-incorporated area of San Diego North County which is now surrounded by the city of San Marcos. Lake San Marcos has as many as 347 sunny days a year, due in part to a stable high pressure system known as the “Pacific High” lying a few hundred miles West over the Pacific Ocean. This accounts for a range of about 20 degrees between the day´s high and the night´s low. The uninterrupted Pacific breezes provide nature´s air conditioning with temperatures seldom above 80 degrees. The Cerro de Las Posas Mountain on Lake property and the San Marcos Mountains to the North, with an eastern exit, create a wind tunnel preventing smog from settling in our valley. The few hot days a year are due to “Santa Ana” winds from the desert coming our way from the North. Lake San Marcos has a population of over 4400. Althought not an official senior community, there are many one story homes.
The newest area in Lake San Marcos is Varadero homes, a gated community on the highest area in Lake San Marcos. Some Varadero homes have views of the lake and the ocean.
Lake San Marcos is within walking distance to award winning San Marcos High School, High Tech High, Valley Christian School (a K-8th grade private school), and Discovery Elementary Schools.
To learn more, see Lake San Marcos History. For a personal tour of Lake San Marcos CA homes for sale, contact Gary Harmon. Interest of residents in the Lake San Marcos are protected by the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.665762
Retrieved Text: The Waterfalling estate has truly unbeatable views overlooking the Pacific Ocean and the cascading waterfalls that inspired its name. This modern home is four stories of solid, reinforced concrete with airy, open concept rooms featuring quartzite and travertine tile. Enjoy the uninterrupted view of the ocean and falls from the rooftop deck or the cliffside pool and aquatic center. Inside the home, the ocean and waterfall can be seen from every room, including the penthouse with dual master bedrooms, fitness room, and a private veranda. Elegant, classic touches such as the African Sapele Mahogany ceiling and plantation-style accents are combined with the convenience of the latest technology throughout the home, including the full chef’s kitchen with wet bar, 52-inch round Daytona pneumatic elevator, and more. Entertain visitors indoor or enjoy the Hawaiian sun while you lounge by the pool, play basketball, or practice your golf swing. Wherever you are on this private 9-acre estate, enjoy your ocean-front paradise.
Uninterrupted views of the Pacific Ocean from every room, Rooftop deck with 9-Tee golf course, Tennis stadium with 450-person capacity, 25-meter Olympic swimming pool and 16-ft deep diving pool.
Recognized throughout the world, Waterfalling Estate has been featured on numerous popular sites, including Realtor.com, the Robb Report, MSN, and most recently MTV’s reality series “Ex on The Beach.” The incredible estate has been a popular vacation rental for celebrities and royals around the world, including Justin Bieber and members of the Saudi Royal Family.
Water Falling Estate is a unique, one-of-a-kind gem on the Big Island of Hawaii.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.553814
Retrieved Text: The Tuvalu Meteorological Service (TMS) is the principal meteorological observatory of Tuvalu and is responsible for providing weather services to the islands of Tuvalu. A meteorological office was established on Funafuti at the time the islands of Tuvalu were administered as parts of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands colony of the United Kingdom. The meteorological office is now an agency of the government of Tuvalu.
The main observational office is on Funafuti. TMS operates outstations on Nanumea, Nui and Niulakita. TMS operates or monitors: 4 synoptic stations; 5 rainfall stations; 1 upper air research program; 1 tide gauge with Tsunami warning system; 1 Continuous Global Positioning System (CGPS) station; 1 seismic station.
The TMS publishes weather forecasts, warnings as to tropical cyclones, weather charts and weather satellite images on its website, with weather forecasts and storm warnings also broadcast by the Tuvalu Media Corporation, which operates Radio Tuvalu.
The meteorological office on Funafuti was established in 1951 under the auspices of the South Pacific Air Transport Council (SPATC). An upper air observation programme was established in 1960. After the dissolution of SPATC in 1979, the Meteorological Service of New Zealand Limited supported the upper air programme until the TMS assumed responsibility for the programme, with continuing support by the New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade (MFAT)/NZAID. The TMS works with the New Zealand MetService, the Fiji Meteorological Service, the Australian Bureau of Meteorology, Geoscience Australia, the United States Geological Survey and the National Weather Service.
Ms Hilai Vavae retired as Director of the Tuvalu Met Service in 2014.
The

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.545351
Retrieved Text: Artist rendering of Jason-3 satellite over the Amazon.
The Jason-3 oceanographic satellite is planned to launch on Sunday 17th January from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, aboard the Space-X Falcon 9 rocket. Named after the Greek hero Jason, of the Argonauts fame, Jason-3 is actually the fourth in a series of joint US-European missions to measure ocean surface height. The series began with the TOPEX/Poseidon satellite launched in 1992, followed by Jason-1 and Jason-2 which were launched in 2001 and 2008 respectively.
Jason-3 should provide a global map of sea surface height every ten days, which will be invaluable to scientists investigating circulation patterns and climate change.
The primary instrument is the Poseidon-3B radar altimeter, which will measure the time it takes an emitted radar pulse to bounce off the ocean’s surface and return to the satellite’s sensor. Pulses will be emitted at two frequencies: 13.6 GHz in the Ku band and 5.3 GHz in the C band. These bands are used in combination due to atmospheric sensitivity, as the difference between the two frequencies helps to provide estimates of the ionospheric delay caused by the charged particles in the upper atmosphere that can time delay the return.
Once the satellite has received the signal reflected back, it will be able to use its other internal location focussed instruments to provide a highly accurate measurement of sea surface height. Initially the satellite will be able to determine heights to within 3.3cm, although the long-term goal is to reduce this accuracy down to 2.5cm. In addition, the strength and shape

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.484625
Retrieved Text: 50 KM Global Analysis – updated weekly.
Above is a freeze frame of the top image used for comparison.
El Niño: characterized by a positive ONI greater than or equal to +0.5°C.
La Niña: characterized by a negative ONI less than or equal to -0.5°C.
By historical standards, to be classified as a full-fledged El Niño or La Niña episode, these thresholds must be exceeded for a period of at least 5 consecutive overlapping 3-month seasons.
CPC considers El Niño or La Niña conditions to occur when the monthly Niño3.4 SST departures meet or exceed +/-0.5°C along with consistent atmospheric features. These anomalies must also be forecasted to persist for 3 consecutive months.
Above is a freeze frame of the top animation used for comparison.
The Climate Prediction Center defines. . .
An atmospheric response typically associated with El Niño is observed over the equatorial Pacific Ocean (see The ENSO Cycle).
An atmospheric response typically associated with La Niña is observed over the equatorial Pacific Ocean (see The ENSO Cycle).
El Niño (Southern Oscillation, ENSO, or El Niño) and La Niña phenomenon are sustained sea surface temperature anomalies of greater than 0.5°C, which occur naturally in 2-7 year cycles of the ocean-atmosphere system in the central tropical Eastern Pacific Ocean with important consequences for global weather. El Niño is associated with warmer than usual ocean temperatures; La Niña is associated with unusually cold ocean temperatures.
When the anomaly lasts for a less than five months, it is categorized as El Niño or La Niña condition; if the condition persists for longer than 5 months, it is categorized

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.03046
Retrieved Text: An ecosystem is defined by the physical space and the biology, including plants and animals, that live in that space. Different land ecosystems include forested mountains, grassy plains and dry deserts; marine ecosystems are just as diverse. In the Pacific Northwest, marine ecosystems range from the open ocean that is dominated by basin-wide forces, the coastal ocean that is influenced by seasonal upwelling events, and estuaries and bays that have both salt and freshwater flowing through them. All of these different marine ecosystems allow for a great diversity of habitats, which are necessary to support the many life stages of marine animals that call the Pacific Northwest home.
The dynamics of the coastal ocean in the Pacific Northwest are controlled and influenced by several regional- and large-scale factors that produce highly productive coastal and estuarine environments. The interaction of coastal currents with the contours of the ocean bottom and freshwater inputs from sources like the Columbia River and the Strait of Juan de Fuca, seasonal upwelling favorable winds that fuel phytoplankton blooms, and the south-flowing branch of the North Pacific Current, which moves water from Asia to North America, to form the California Current System, are some of the regional factors. Some of the important large-scale factors that shape our ecosystems are the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO), which affects salmon survival in the ocean, and the El Niño Southern Oscillation (ENSO), which affects both ocean and weather conditions every 2-7 years.
Near real-time data, forecasts, and climatological maps of physical and biogeochemical parameters in the Columbia River estuary,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.910004
Retrieved Text: Better knowledge of ocean circulation is enabling us to better understand and predict climate, especially natural catastrophes such as El Niño. This phenomenon, caused by anomalous warm water arrivals on the coast of Peru, brings severe weather patterns, such as drought, flooding, and cyclones. It is now possible to predict El Niño from ocean data.
Monthly mean of Sea Level Anomalies (in cm) over the Ocean Pacific as computed for the El Niño indicator (annual and seasonnal cycles removed). Download enlarged images from the Gallery. Credits CNES/EU Copernicus Marine Service.
Explanation of the phenomenon : normal pattern, when El Niño awakens and La Niña pattern.
Altimetric satellites have continuously tracked related ocean-climate changes in the Pacific Ocean, such as warm El Niño (1992, 1994, 1997, 2002, 2004, 2006 and 2009) and cold La Niña episodes (1995,1996,1998,1999 and 2007).
Since the 1990s, an in situ observation system has been set up in the Pacific and new satellites have continuously scanned the global ocean. Though we cannot avoid El Niño's whims, we can predict and mitigate its impacts.
Warm El Niños and cold La Niñas follow each other against the backdrop of the ocean seasons. These surface temperature and sea level anomalies in the intertropical Pacific affect climate worldwide.
Applications, Oceans : El Niño is behind rise in sea level.
Dossier : Watching for El Niño, pdf (3.1 Mo).
Poster : Keeping on eye on El Niño (pdf, 561 Ko).
Radar Altimetry Tutorial, Data Use Case applied to El Niño : Monitoring El Niño : Rossby and Kelvin waves.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.825699
Retrieved Text: Home Knowing How is a cyclone formed?
A tropical cyclone is a storm system that is characterized by a low-pressure center that produces strong winds and heavy rain. A tropical cyclone feeds on heat released by the condensation of moist air. The latent heat gets converted into kinetic energy and feeds the strong winds emerging out of it. Because of its warm center, it’s often called a warm core storm system. Cyclonic storms have a counterclockwise rotation in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise rotation in the Southern Hemisphere. Developed over warm water bodies, like oceans and seas, they lose their strength once they move over land. Apart from ( their devastating nature, they help in the global atmospheric circulation mechanism by carrying heat and energy away from the tropics towards temperate latitudes.
Tropical cyclones are named to provide ease of communication between forecasters and the general public. Apart from this, they can often last a week or longer and the same basin can have more than one cyclone. Hence, assigning names reduces confusion about what storm is being described. The naming of cyclones started in the early 20th century when an Australian forecaster started naming cyclones after politicians he disliked. During World War II, American meteorologists started naming cyclones after their wives and girlfriends and all cyclones were christened with female names. In the early 50s, they were identified by the phonetic alphabet — Able, Baker, Charlie and so on. In 1953, the US Weather Bureau again switched to women’s names. Now, cyclones are given names that are

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.701355
Retrieved Text: 5.5 Earthquake hits the southern east Pacific rise.
5.4 Earthquake hits the Mariana Islands region.
5.0 Earthquake hits the southern east Pacific rise.
A new study shows that the world’s oceans are warming significantly under the influence of greenhouse gas-induced climate change, especially the deeps. Scientists from the U.S. and European weather agencies reassembled data from 1958 to 2009, using all available sources to create a model of ocean temperature changes.
They found that dimmed sunlight due to massive volcanic eruptions in the early 1980s and 1990s briefly reversed an otherwise profound trend of ocean warming.
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, researchers from NOAA and the European Center for Medium Range Weather Forecasts say that the deep waters have absorbed a surprising amount of heat, and did so at an increasing rate over the past decade.
About 90 percent of the energy added to the global environment by human activities was found to have gone into the ocean.
The ocean depths absorbed a surprising amount of heat, which may be related to a cycle of ocean circulation patterns known as the Pacific Decadal Oscillation.
Once it changes, researchers believe the ocean surface temperatures will begin to warm more.
Japan’s Fukushima nuclear plant says it is moving tons of highly radioactive water from a temporary storage tank to another because of a possible leak.
TEPCO said on Saturday about 108 tonnes the water are believed to have breached the tank’s inner linings, although little is thought to have leaked into the soil. TEPCO is moving the water to a nearby tank. It is part of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.224758
Retrieved Text: Goomtee Tea Estate is one of the most famous tea estates in Darjeeling. This Goomtee black tea is made of Chinese cultivar Camellia sinensis, grown on the mountain slopes between 1000 and 2000m. The cool temperature and generous rainfall make this garden produces top grade Darjeeling. It is hand picked and processed, and yields a hint of muscatel flavour with ripe peach aroma.
Clay teaware, glassware, porcelain teaware.
Formosa Wuhe Honey Black Tea is naturally grown in Hualien, Taiwan. With the favours of green leaf cicadas this black tea is rich in taste and yields delicate honey note. Its smoothness and silkiness make it a unique black tea, not only attracts tea connoisseurs, also a frequent winner in worldwide tea contests. It is one of the Top 10 Formosa Tea .
Hualien is located at the east part of Taiwan, facing the Pacific Ocean in the east and leaning against the grand Central Mountain Range in the west. 400 years ago while Portuguese sailors saw this land from Pacific Ocean, they were fascinated by the immense scenery and called this emerald island "Formosa", which means beautiful island.
This tea from Khongea Estate is famous for its rich flavor and malty characteristics. It is strong yet smooth, yields beautiful dark liquor. You can have it in many ways. It is perfect with milk.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.089754
Retrieved Text: Of all the coastal properties that provide wedding services, there’s one hidden gem in particular worth mentioning: the Hyatt Carmel Highlands. Located in central California, minutes from downtown Carmel, the Hyatt Carmel Highlands offers some of California’s most breathtaking views within one of the state’s most gorgeous properties. Charmingly built using Craftsman-style architecture, the natural environment is able to shine; with the picturesque retreat overlooking the Big Sur coast, and floor-to-ceiling windows displaying epic views of the Pacific Ocean at every turn.
There are a variety of locations at the Hyatt Carmel Highlands suitable for all backdrops, sizes and budgets, allowing for newlyweds of all preferences and financial means to find something perfect for them.
One of my personal favorites is the Gazebo Deck, nestled above the cliffs of Big Sur with endless views overlooking the Pacific Ocean. I first came across this location last year during Monterey’s annual Food & Wine Festival which was featured at their on-property adjacent restaurant Pacific’s Edge and instantly fell in love, with multiple other guests voicing similar opinions. The redwood deck can feature up to 120 guests comfortably and is beautifully surrounded by lush gardens and mild ocean breezes. The location is perfect, as every guest can have a clear view of the ceremony and given the seclusion of the ocean below, the view is virtually uninterrupted.
There’s also the Surf Room which can equally accommodate 120 guests and provides its own private balcony. While the space is indoors, the Surf Room works great if you prefer dining inside while still having

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.822351
Retrieved Text: Is East Side Vog and an Oceanic Landfill Connected?
Heavy vog continued on the East Side of Hawai’i’s Big Island until yesterday. It’s not been too heavy this past week down at what I call the “triangle” area – the SE coast from Kalapana to Kapoho and up toward Pahoa. However, at about 5oo feet elevation, it begins getting thick and continues up toward Kea’au and Hilo.
Thursday I went into Hilo and it was the worst I’ve seen it in the 4 years I’ve lived here. I don’t know how anyone else feels about it, but I’m concerned about the low pressure systems that have become comfortable sitting north/north east of the islands. It’s been happening on and off (mostly on) for the better part of 2009.
What are trade winds? Trade winds also known as “trades” is an easterly pattern of air flow near the equator. In Hawai’i these winds prevail on the windward side of the islands and are responsible for regular rainfall and fresh air. It is considered the cleanest air on Earth since it crosses 2600 miles of ocean on its way to the islands and on to the equator. The ocean cleans pollution and carbon dioxide from the air on this journey.
Why is this important to the Big Island? Rainfall and dispersion of volcanic emission is the main importance of the trade winds. In a normal flow, volcanic emissions have a good 90 mile span before reaching the Kailua-Kona area. This allows it to mix with fresh air on the way. During an

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.729862
Retrieved Text: The WC-130J Hercules is a high-wing, medium-range aircraft used in weather reconnaissance missions. This plane is a C-130J transport configured with palletized weather instrumentation for penetration of tropical disturbances and storms, hurricanes and winter storms to obtain data on movement, size and intensity. The WC-130J is the weather data collection platform for the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron.
The aircraft is capable of staying aloft almost 18 hours at an optimum cruise speed of more than 300 mph. An average weather reconnaissance mission lasts 11 hours and covers almost 3,500 miles. The crew collects and reports weather data as often as every minute.
The WC-130J carries a minimal crew of five: pilot, co-pilot, navigator, aerial reconnaissance weather officer and weather reconnaissance loadmaster. The crew and the aircraft are assigned to the 53rd WRS, an Air Force Reserve Command unit assigned to the 403rd Wing at Keesler Air Force Base, Miss. The 53rd WRS, known as the Hurricane Hunters, is responsible for hurricane reconnaissance missions in the Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, the Gulf of Mexico and the eastern and central Pacific Ocean areas.
From the front of the cargo compartment, the Aerial Reconnaissance Weather Officer operates the computerized weather reconnaissance equipment and acts as flight director in the storm environment. The weather officer also evaluates other meteorological conditions such as turbulence, icing, visibility, cloud types and amounts, and ocean surface winds. The ARWO uses the equipment to determine the storm's center and analyze atmospheric conditions such as pressure, temperature, dew point and wind speed. This data is sent in real

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.68984
Retrieved Text: SAN FRANCISCO, USA (AP) — Engineers have deployed a trash collection device to corral plastic litter floating between California and Hawaii in an attempt to clean up the world's, largest garbage patch in the heart of the Pacific Ocean.
The 2,000-foot (600-metre) long floating boom was towed from San Francisco to the Great Pacific Garbage Patch — an island of trash twice the size of Texas.
The system was created by The Ocean Cleanup, an organisation founded by Boyan Slat, a 24-year-old innovator from the Netherlands who first became passionate about cleaning the oceans when he went scuba diving at age 16 in the Mediterranean Sea and saw more plastic bags than fish.
“The plastic is really persistent and it doesn't go away by itself and the time to act is now,” Slat said, adding that researchers with his organisation found plastic going back to the 1960s and 1970s bobbing in the patch.
The buoyant, U-shaped barrier made of plastic and with a tapered 10-foot (3-metre) deep screen, is intended to act like a coastline, trapping some of the 1.8 trillion pieces of plastic that scientists estimate are swirling in that gyre but allowing marine life to safely swim beneath it.
Shipping containers filled with the fishing nets, plastic bottles, laundry baskets and other plastic refuse scooped up by the system are expected to be back on land within a year, he said.
Slat said he and his team will pay close attention to whether the system works efficiently and withstands harsh ocean conditions, including huge waves. He said he's most looking

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.605396
Retrieved Text: Imagine sliding open glass doors and stepping out onto a spacious balcony with magnificent, uninterrupted views of the Pacific Ocean, with only a stretch of peaceful bushland between you and the sea. This is what awaits you at Vue From Here, a bright, modern apartment home, tucked away within the quiet gardens of The Oasis Resort but still just a short drive from all the action of Byron Bay.
Vue From Here is a contemporary, stylish retreat suitable for three couples or up to 8 guests total, with 4 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms. The open-plan living area is a comfortable place to relax and unwind, with ample seating and a flat screen TV, while the modern kitchen is fully-equipped with stainless steel appliances and plenty of storage.
Guests enjoy full access to a wide range of amenities provided by The Oasis Resort, including a heated 18m swimming pool, barbecues, spa, sauna, gym, and tennis court. For added privacy and peace of mind, there is a gated entry, a full security system, and covered, lockable parking. Tallows Beach is just a short trail walk through a lush nature reserve, while the centre of town is still a mere 4-minute drive away.
Full access to resort-style amenities: 18m heated swimming pool, BBQs, spa, sauna, gym, tennis court, and games room.
Floor-to-ceiling windows and sliding glass doors surround the open-plan living area on two sides, filing the space with natural daylight and framing the lush, native bushland which stretches uninterrupted toward the Pacific Ocean. Step out onto the spacious balcony to really take

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.557953
Retrieved Text: The Clouds and the Earth’s Radiant Energy System (CERES) instrument is one of five instruments that is being flown aboard the Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission (TRMM) observatory. The data from the CERES instrument was used to study the energy exchanged between the Sun; the Earth’s atmosphere, surface and clouds; and space. However, it only operated during January - August of 1998, and March 2000, so the available data record is quite brief.
The Earth’s daily weather and climate are controlled by the balance between the amount of solar energy received by the Earth (both by its surface, and its atmosphere and clouds) and the amount of energy emitted by the Earth into space. Scientists have been working for decades to understand this critical energy balance - to understand the budget of incoming and outgoing energy, called the Earth’s radiation budget.
A major portion of the energy received from the Sun is at short wavelengths while the majority of energy emitted by the surface of the Earth and by clouds is at long wavelengths. Increases in the amounts of greenhouse gasses (gasses in the atmosphere that absorb the long wavelength energy emitted by the Earth) can lead to a warming of the Earth’s surface. Such changes may, in turn, cause changes in the Earth’s weather and climate. Some of the shortwave radiation from the Sun is also reflected back into space by clouds and small particles in the atmosphere called aerosols. Major sources of aerosols include windblown dust, emissions from the burning of fossil fuels such as gasoline, and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.527552
Retrieved Text: American Firearms Training of Illinois Featuring Top Shot Class provides professional training for gun safety and marksmanship. Our certified firearms instructors are prepared to offer the very best in training for a myriad of disciplines.
Andy is NRA Certified in Basic Pistol, Shotgun and Home Firearms Safety. This includes his experience as an Illinois State Police approved Firearm Concealed Carry Instructor, Trap and Target Shooter, Waterfowl Hunter, INDR Hunting Safety Instructor and a former Reserve Police Officer in the state of Illinois. He is also a Concealed Carry Instructor for Florida, Arizona and Utah.
American Firearms Training of Illinois featuring Top Shot Class is proud to introduce you to Andrew Browning. Andrew served 16 years in the US Army splitting his time between the infantry and special forces. His combat experience comes from six deployments to Iraq, Afghanistan and Kosovo. Currently, Andrew is using his tactical knowledge to instruct shooters in the Chicago area. He teaches Defensive Pistol as well as Basic and Advanced AR-15 classes.
A talented firearms instructor teaching Basic Pistol, AR-15 Rifle, firearms builder, lifetime target shooter and Certified USCCA Instructor.
With years of experience under his belt, Frank is NRA Certified in the following disciplines: NRA Basic Pistol, NRA Range Safety Officer, Approved Illinois Concealed Carry Instructor, and a lifetime target shooter with both handguns and rifles.
Note: All instructors are approved to teach Illinois concealed Carry modules.
Julie is a certified Sabre Civilian Safety Awareness Program Instructor and NRA Refuse To Be A Victim Instructor. She is a Patrol Sargent for a police department in the western

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.512562
Retrieved Text: Credit: Biogeography Team, Center for Coastal Monitoring and Assessment, NOAA.
SYDNEY: Australia may be in for more severe and frequent droughts as climate variability intensifies, according to a new study of Indian Ocean reefs.
Using growth bands of corals, scientists at the Australian National University (ANU) in Canberra constructed a record of climate change and weather conditions dating back to 1846.
They found that tropical weather patterns in the Indian Ocean have become more variable over the last century. This strongly suggests that we are in for even more extreme weather patterns in the future, the researchers say in a study published this week in the British journal <i>Nature Geoscience</b>.
The coral growth records point to an increase in the intensity and frequency of the Indian Ocean Dipole (IOD), an oscillating weather system similar to the El Niño/El Niña system found in the Pacific Ocean.
"We've found that the IOD [flip] has lately been occurring every four years, as opposed to every 20 years around the turn of the century," said ANU earth scientist and study co-author Mike Gagan. "We're seeing a clear trend towards these events becoming stronger and more frequent."
The dipole, first described in 1999, is characterised by a switch in sea surface temperatures on opposite sides of the Indian Ocean. The change tends to bring drought to western Indonesia and southern Australia and heavy rains to eastern Africa and southern India.
To reconstruct historic climate conditions, the scientists examined growth bands from common species of Porites corals found in the Seychelles, Bali, and the Mentawai Islands.
In a similar way

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.461403
Retrieved Text: This page provides links for obtaining satellite images, ERS-2, SSM/I, QuikSCAT and other current weather data across the Pacific Ocean. It also has links to custom current weather related tools.
North Pacific GOES-10 IR Satellite Photo with AVN Pressure and Wind Overlay (SOEST) Great starting place for current North Pacific overview. Other images and model overlays from SOEST can be found here.
Pacific GOES-10 and GMS-5 Satellite Images with NOGAPS Overlays (NRL) Another good starting place for current North Pacific SLP and surface winds.
GOES-10 Infrared NE Pacific View with 12 hour archive and time-lapse loop (Purdue). Small version of above link without surface pressure overlay.
Full North Pacific Infrared Image with 12 hour archive and time-lapse loop (Purdue) Moderate size composite from the GMS-5 and GOES-10 satellites with grid lines.
Northern Cal Visible Sat Image With Wind Observation (SFSU) Good for seeing current fog and approaching front conditions.
GMS-5 IR Satellite (West Pacific) (NRL) Good for seeing what's happening across the dateline and in the South Pacific.
Full Globe GMS-5 Infared Image (NRL) Aimed more at the Northern Hemisphere.
Australia Continential Infrared Image (Bureau of Meteorology/Japan Meteorological Agency) Has some reasonable southern hemi coverage.
Latest 3 hr Coastal Observation (NOAA) Summary of buoy readings and local wind readings for Northern and Central CA as read on NOAA Weather Radio (includes Pillar Point).
Fort Funston Wind Report Realtime wind speed, direction and temp on the cliff between Ocean Beach and Pacifica Pier (San Francisco). Updates every 15 minutes, 24 hours a day. Also Web Cam with limited Ocean view.
Streaklines for the San Francisco Bay Area, Wind

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.45943
Retrieved Text: The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Climate Prediction Center (CPC) continue to call for the Pacific Ocean to have El Nino conditions during the coming 2018-19 winter season.
"All four Nino regions showed increased sea surface temperature (SST) anomalies in October. Positive subsurface temperature anomalies (averaged across 180 to 100 West Longitude) also continued, due to the persistence of above-average temperatures at depth across the eastern half of the equatorial Pacific Ocean," the CPC noted in an update issued Thursday, November 8. "El Nino is expected to form and continue through the Northern Hemisphere winter 2018-19 (approximately 80% chance) and into spring (55% to 60% chance)."
The atmospheric feature of El Nino, however, has still not truly engaged to coincide with the warming sea surface and subsurface temperatures.
"Atmospheric convection (cloud and thunderstorm development) remained slightly suppressed near the Date Line and over Indonesia," the briefing said. "Low-level westerly wind anomalies were observed over the eastern Pacific during October, while weak upper-level westerly wind anomalies were present over the far western Pacific. The traditional and equatorial Southern Oscillation indices (SOI) were near zero. Despite the above-average ocean temperatures across the equatorial Pacific Ocean, the overall coupled ocean-atmosphere system continued to reflect ENSO-neutral."
The takeaway from this discussion is the perspective that the oceanic wind pattern will, at some point, reflect the warming of the equatorial waters.
"The majority of models in the IRI/CPC (International Climate Research Institute/Climate Prediction Center) plume predict a Nino 3.4 index of +0.5-degree C or greater to continue through the rest of the fall and winter,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.443144
Retrieved Text: The Air Force Reserve’s 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron is flying missions into Hurricane Florence over the Atlantic Ocean and Hurricane Olivia over the Pacific Ocean this week.
The 53rd WRS is the only Defense Department unit that flies reconnaissance missions into severe tropical weather during the hurricane season, June 1 through Nov. 30, to gather data for the National Hurricane Center to improve the center’s forecasts and storm warnings.
The Hurricane Hunters’ first mission into Florence is Monday, and they began flying into Olivia today, said Maj. Jeremy DeHart, 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron Aerial Reconnaissance Weather Officer.
The Hurricane Hunters departed Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi, today to operate out of Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport, Savannah, Georgia, for Florence reconnaissance. Florence became a hurricane today and could impact the southeast coast, according to the NHC.
The Hurricane Hunters arrived at Kalaeloa Airport, Hawaii, Saturday and will continue missions into Hurricane Olivia as long as the system remains a threat to the Hawaiian Islands, said DeHart. Olivia is expected to affect the islands by Tuesday, according to the Central Pacific Hurricane Center.
The Pacific and Atlantic Oceans are data sparse environments due to the lack of radar and weather balloons in those areas, and satellite data can be incomplete, so the data the Hurricane Hunters provide is vital, potentially saving lives and property, said DeHart. During a hurricane, crews fly through the storms at 5,000 to 10,000 feet above sea level, flying through the eye of a storm four to six times to locate the low-pressure center and circulation. During each pass

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.413109
Retrieved Text: When you�re planning to negotiate over 500 miles of open ocean you tend to keep a close eye on the weather and how it�s going to affect your trip. We started calling Weather Routers a couple of days ago for a comprehensive analysis of the weather and sea conditions we could anticipate during our crossing. It became apparent that we had to accelerate our planned departure by three days to avoid a low pressure system that was diving towards the Yucatan from the Pacific Northwest. The north wind produced by the front would kick up monster waves in the Yucatan channel, the most treacherous part of our journey. This was something to avoid if all possible so we decided to fast track our voyage and beat the weather to Mexico.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.353903
Retrieved Text: BEIDOU G5 is the 11th operational Beidou satellite launched by China since 2007. It is the fifth craft to be launched into geosynchronous orbit over the equator, while other satellites operate in medium-altitude orbits and inclined flight paths to cover polar regions. China activated the Beidou network Dec. 27 on a trial basis. Its 10 operational satellites currently provide services over the Asia-Pacific region, including most of China. The coverage zone stretches from the southern border of Russia to Australia, and from India in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east. The system has been used in transportation, weather forecasting, marine fisheries, hydrological monitoring, and mapping, according to the state-run Xinhua news agency. Global coverage will be possible by 2020 with a constellation of 35 satellites.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.313627
Retrieved Text: Florida Appellate Court Rules That Trial Judge | Law Offices of Mark L. Horwitz, P.A.
Florida Appellate Court Rules That Trial Judge May Not Consider The Defendant's Claim Of Innocence At Trial and At Sentencing As A Factor To Increase The Sentence Over States Recommendation Of Probation.
Hannum v. State, 13 So. 3d 132 (Fla. 2d DCA 2009) involved a conviction of the defendant for carrying a concealed firearm without a permit. The case arose when Hannum called 911 because he was having an altercation with a man at an apartment complex. During the call the defendant informed the operator that he had a gun. Hannum contended that the man was threatening people in the common area of the apartment complex and throwing beer bottles and yelling repeatedly, "I'm gonna kill you". Hannum stated that he then went to his apartment and dialed 911, at the same time retrieved his 45 caliber Derringer and confronted the man in the hall. He then went outside into the parking lot because he lost the cellular phone connection to 911.
When the police arrived Hannum put the gun back in his holster, which according to Hannum was outside of his shirt. The police claimed the Derringer was inside his shirt and therefore a concealed weapon. Hannum was arrested for carrying a concealed firearm in violation of Florida Statute $ 790.01.
Hannum went to trial and was convicted.
At sentencing, the state recommended probation. The sentencing range provided in the sentencing score sheet was from any non-prison sanction to five years in prison. At the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.297108
Retrieved Text: A federal civil rights lawsuit that alleged Torrance police unconstitutionally had a blanket policy of denying all concealed weapons permits has been dismissed.
The suit, filed last June by Huntington Beach attorney Terry A. Nelson on behalf of client David W. Spears, was dismissed in January at the request of both parties in the dispute.
Nelson brought the suit after Spears, a revenue investigator for the city of Lynwood who lives in Torrance, was denied a permit in September 2006.
In the lawsuit, Nelson claimed that statement proved an unconstitutional blanket policy existed of routinely denying permits without even investigating whether an applicant had a legitimate reason to request one.
Nelson said his client needed to carry a gun because during the course of his job he is often accosted by “would-be criminals” who believe he is carrying money. He included a letter in the suit from one of Spears’ supervisors supporting his permit request.
However, the Torrance Police Department apparently had investigated Spears’ need for a concealed weapon, although Nelson said he was unaware of that until he had filed suit.
“Mr. Spears was under the misapprehension that the city did not investigate his need for the permit and simply had a blanket policy of not issuing concealed-carry weapons permits,” said Rob Bower of the Costa Mesa-based firm of Rutan & Tucker. “The city does not have the policy and did check with Mr. Spears’ employer.
Nelson said that because an investigation occurred, his client lacks legal standing to bring the suit.
However, Nelson said the letter his client received suggested the department

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.252552
Retrieved Text: News outlets over the last few months have been overflowing with reports on the impact of this year’s El Niño. The meteorological phenomenon, the strongest in 35 years, lasted 18 months and caused long droughts, unusually and unbearably high temperatures, along with water shortages and flooding around the world. In its wake, nearly 100 million people are enduring hunger and diseases, half of which are in Southern Africa. Now that El Niño is over —as sea surface temperatures have gone back to normal, with very little chance of rising again this year— the jury is out on whether the temperatures will stay neutral or continue to drop until the reverse effect —La Niña— is reached. Standing in El Niño’s aftermath, the answer to this question is a particularly relevant one for the global community. Although it cannot be answered without uncertainty, there is a high change that the world will see La Niña this fall.
As described by the NOAA, “El Niño and La Niña are complex weather patterns resulting from variations in ocean temperatures in the Equatorial Pacific”. These meteorological events are opposite phases of the El Niño-Southern Oscillation (ENSO) cycle, which runs over the course of three to seven years. As mentioned above, during this cycle there are fluctuations in temperature between the ocean and atmosphere in the east-central Equatorial Pacific which can have significant, large-scale impacts on ocean processes and global weather and climate.
Historically speaking, El Niño and La Niña typically last nine to twelve months, but as seen during the 2015-2016 El Niño,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.226994
Retrieved Text: Climate-weather research at PMEL is undertaken to support NOAA’s mission to understand and predict changes in climate, weather, and the oceans. Our society is affected by recurring patterns of climate variability, by more secular global trends in ocean temperature and carbon, by as-yet poorly understood aspects of the global ocean circulations, and by the connections between the open ocean and our coastal oceans.
Global Tropical Moored Buoy Array – The Global Tropical Moored Buoy array is a multi-national effort to provide data in real-time for climate-weather research and forecasting. Major components include the TAO/TRITON array in the Pacific, PIRATA in the Atlantic, and RAMA in the Indian Ocean.
Ocean Climate Stations – A project that deploys moored buoys to make continuous measurements of the atmosphere and ocean. These observations are used as ground truth for satellite and numerical weather prediction models, and by scientists to enhance our understanding of ocean uptake of carbon, ocean acidification, weather, and climate.
Large-Scale Ocean Physics – The group monitors and conducts research on ocean temperatures, salinity, and velocity changes and their impacts, including sea level rise and climate sensitivity, using data from the global array of Argo floats, deep hydrographic profiles along oceanographic transects occupied by the Repeat Hydrography Program, and other sources.
Climate-Weather Interface - Research focus lies in evaluation of the current ocean observing systems and their effectiveness for monitoring patterns of significant global climate variability and tropical air-sea interaction, with the goals of assisting the prediction of subseasonal-to-seasonal (S2S) weather and climate extreme events. Research activities also include investigations on how

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.180656
Retrieved Text: The next two years could be the hottest on record globally, says research from the UK’s Met Office.
The scientists confirm that in 2015 the Earth’s average surface temperature is running at, or near, record levels (0.68C above the 1961-1990 average).
Met Office Hadley Centre director Prof Stephen Belcher said: “We know natural patterns contribute to global temperatures in any given year, but the very warm temperatures so far this year indicate the continued impact of (manmade) greenhouse gases.
An external reviewer, Prof Rowan Sutton, from the University of Reading, confirmed: “Unless there’s a big volcanic eruption, it looks very likely that globally 2014, 2015 and 2016 will be among the very warmest years ever recorded.
The scientists say that the combination of the effect of increasing CO2, coupled with long-term natural ocean trends, leaves the climate system looking “very interesting”. They suspect major changes may be under way.
Two trends affecting weather patterns in the near and medium term are in the Pacific Ocean. El Nino happens when a Pacific current reverses on average every five years or so, bringing downpours where there is normally drought and drought where there is normally rain. El Nino tends to push world temperatures upwards.
This growing event is now looking similar to the 1998 El Nino, which bleached corals and brought havoc to world weather systems. The current event could increase drought risk in South Africa, East Asia, and the Philippines – and bring floods to southern South America.
But there’s another factor at play. These two warming events will be partly offset by the

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: The word "adhocracy" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The need for informational flexibility can lead to adhocracy.
Sentence 2: The choice between bureaucracy and adhocracy represents a common dilemma.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.39821
Retrieved Text: An ambitious new work by a well-respected sociologist, Information and Organizations provides a bold perspective of the dynamics of organizations. Stinchcombe contends that the "information problem" and the concept of "uncertainty" provide the key to understanding how organizations function. In a delightful mix of large theoretical insights and vivid anecdotal material, Stinchcombe explores the ins and outs of organizations from both a macro and micro perspective. He reinterprets the work of the renowned scholars of business, Alfred Chandler, James March and Oliver Williamson, and looks in depth at corporations like DuPont and General Motors. Along the way, Stinchcombe explores subjects as varied as class consciousness, innovation, contracts and university administration. All of these analyses are distinguished by incisive thinking and creative new approaches to issues that have long confronted business people and those interested in organizational theory. A tour de force, Information and Organizations is a must-read for business people and scholars of many stripes. It promises to be a widely discussed and debated work.
Margaret Levi's wide-ranging theoretical and historical study demonstrates the importance of political relative to economic factors in accounting for revenue production policies.
Union list of serials held by libraries of United Nations organizations in Bangkok, as well as the National Energy Information Center of Thailand.
In Latin America as elsewhere, politicians routinely face a painful dilemma: whether to use state resources for national purposes, especially those that foster economic development, or to channel resources to people and projects that will help insure political survival and reelection. While politicians may believe that a competent state

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.42766
Retrieved Text: Ask me Anything: Best Culture for Men versus Women?
Is there a difference between the culture profiles of men and women at work? Do they thrive in different cultures? Here’s an interesting question in response to my “Ask Me Anything on Culture” offer, so let’s take a look!
The database of OCAI Online contains the responses of thousands of people across the globe. (In my new book, I’ll share a culture profile of what most people desire at work compared to what they currently experience! Stay tuned! Expected publishing date in December). For now, let’s focus on the difference between men and women in the USA.
The profile graph above shows the current (in red) and preferred culture (in blue) according to more than 3,000 working women.
The profile graph below in this blog post depicts the culture that more than 3,100 men experience and what they’d prefer.
Here’s the power of the visual culture profiles that the OCAI yields. You can see the differences and similarities immediately. Men and women basically agree on what their workplace culture looks like - and what they’d wish for.
Women experience 30 points of the people-oriented, friendly Clan culture that values collaboration and participation. They’d prefer 8 points more in the future which shift represents a very strong wish in the OCAI methodology. The second most common culture type is the process-oriented, structured Hierarchy culture that values control, efficiency and stability. Currently at 27 points according to women, but it should be reduced with 6 points. Again, a firm statement.
The remaining culture types are at

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.970064
Retrieved Text: Philosophers as far back as Plato have wrestled near impossible moral questions that test the character of the person making the decision. Today, these questions are known as moral dilemmas. However, centuries of debate still leave many of these dilemmas unsolved.
A moral dilemma is defined as any situation in which the person making the decision experiences a conflict between the moral rightness of a decision and the quality of the results it produces. Many times, these dilemmas involve a morally wrong decision that produces a desirable result, or vice versa. Other times, moral dilemmas involve a decision in which the person is forced to choose only one of two good things.
One classic example of a moral dilemma is the famous 1842 shipwreck in which the captain was forced to choose between throwing the weak passengers overboard or letting all the passengers drown. The 1982 movie "Sophie's Choice" portrays another moral dilemma, in which a mother is forced to choose which of her two children would be executed in a concentration camp.
A family's difficult decision about whether to take a terminally ill loved one off life support is an example of a modern moral dilemma. Other common dilemmas include good Samaritan situations, for example, a passer-by is forced to choose between the convenience of letting a stranger go unaided and the moral obligation to assist someone in need.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.759054
Retrieved Text: The recent upward shift in home prices is causing some ambivalent homeowners to seriously consider selling. A common dilemma is when to sell. Is the recent uptick in the market a blip or the beginning of a trend? Should you sell this year or next or perhaps even years from now?
After declining every month for nearly three years, the Standard & Poor’s/Case-Shiller 10-City Composite Price Index for the U.S. rose 3.6 percent between April and July following a 4.8 percent decline for January to April. This represents a big and sudden change — probably due to near record low interest rates, the $8,000 first-time homebuyer tax credit and a change in buyer psychology.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.739946
Retrieved Text: CITATION: Juma, D. & Mibey, J. K. Influence of Organisational Culture on Organisational Performance: A Case Study of a Kenya Airline. International Journal of Human Resource and Procurement 4 (10), 25-50.
The study was conducted with the main objective of determining the influence of organizational culture on the performance of a Kenyan International Airline. That is determining the current culture of the organization and secondly to investigate the influence of organizational culture in the performance of this Kenyan Airline. The airline has over the years put in place initiatives to develop an organizational culture that enhances performance. However the effects of these initiatives have yet to be investigated. To carry out the study questionnaires were used to capture the required data targeted at members of management staff at their Head office in Nairobi. The influence of an organizational culture on the well-being of the business organization has been a subject of many studies of late. Culture has been explicitly recognized by many organizational researchers as one of the key component of a successful organization. This study therefore sought to investigate the influence of organizational culture on the organizational performance with special focus on a Kenyan airline. The research adopted a descriptive research design. The target population composed of 874 members of management staff at Airline’s headquarters in Nairobi stratified through levels of management staff. From each stratum the study used simple random sampling to select 90 respondents; this was 10 % of the target population. The researcher administered questionnaire to each respondent. Organizational culture was measured using

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.403242
Retrieved Text: Domain: Housing , Social exclusion n.e.c. , Social protection n.e.c. , Housing and community amenities n.e.c.
Adhocracy is a collaborative text, discourse, delegation and coordination tool designed for constructive collaboration and decision-making with many participants. Adhocracy is free open-source software which has been developed since 2009.
Domain: Defence , Public order and safety , Military defence , Civil defence , R&D Defence , Defence n.e.c.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.381151
Retrieved Text: This paper investigates power-dependence of central-local government relations and interdependence of international relations. The power-dependence means political dependence in the political networks between central government, bureaucracy, local government and interest groups in common regime state. On the other hand, the interdependence means comprehensive relationship, from which zero-sum game is not necessarily derived, between various states with different regimes. This paper investigates two issues based on these political theories. First, this paper explores degrees of power-dependence among central government, bureaucracy and local government, focusing on degree of involvement of bureaucracy in Japan. By scrutinizing several cases, I classify degrees of involvement of bureaucracy into three categories; initiative of bureaucracy, initiative of the politicians and initiative of the domestic interest group. I also discuss conservatism of the bureaucracy in Japan. Second, as for interdependence in the international relations (IR), this paper explores degree of influence of the domestic interest group to the bureaucracy in the negotiation of the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), especially between Japan and U.S. and the negotiation of the Economic Partnership Agreement between Japan and the EU. In both negotiations, strong opinions of the interest groups are seen from the conservative agriculture associations in the U.S., the EU and Japan. I consider reasons why conservative interest group raises conflict between different Ministries of bureaucracy group of a state. This paper also investigates Japan-United Kingdom relations from viewpoint of degree of involvement of bureaucracy.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.368639
Retrieved Text: Domain: Housing , Social exclusion n.e.c. , Social protection n.e.c. , Housing and community amenities n.e.c.
Adhocracy is a collaborative text, discourse, delegation and coordination tool designed for constructive collaboration and decision-making with many participants. Adhocracy is free open-source software which has been developed since 2009.
Domain: Defence , Public order and safety , Military defence , Civil defence , R&D Defence , Defence n.e.c.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.292929
Retrieved Text: We’re glad you’re thinking about joining Adhocracy!
We’re currently working on our recruitment process. The easiest way to apply is to jump into our in-game public channel: Adhocracy Public. There you can chat to members and recruiters and get any questions you have answered. You will also be able to fill out an application. Once this is done, let us know in our public channel and we’ll arrange a recruitment interview.
If no-one is online, feel free to send a message to one of our recruitment officers: Lil Red Hoodrat, Jezeray Dallocort or Halo Phase.
Willingness to learn the way of Bob, the capricious wormhole God.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.852829
Retrieved Text: Neo-liberalisation of universities is advancing through a bureaucratic revolution. ‘Marketising bureaucracy’ advances neo-liberalisation through audit and rankings in the name of ensuring value for money and consumer choice. However, bureaucracy in universities is not total, just as neo-liberalisation is a project which advances on an uneven terrain of values. This article argues that to exercise academic autonomy, to continue to value education, we must learn to distinguish between ‘marketising’ and ‘socialising’ bureaucracy. Socialising bureaucracy encodes the ethos of impartiality in practices that support academic judgement – both against marketisation and against abuses of collegiality.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.398136
Retrieved Text: The article discusses developments in the operation of the African American University, St. Augustine's University, as of September 2014. It cites the move by interim president Everett Ward to introduce proactive strategies to allow the school to recover from several challenges it confronts, including a 3 million dollar decline in net tuition revenue. The opinion of school vice president of marketing and chief communications officer Shelley Willingham-Hinton on their operation is also cited.
Discusses the relationship between institutional cultures, decision-making approaches and the organizational effectiveness of two-year colleges. College size and financial health; Enrollment health; Transfer and career emphasis; Adhocracy culture; Market culture.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.332468
Retrieved Text: We’re glad you’re thinking about joining Adhocracy!
We’re currently working on our recruitment process. The easiest way to apply is to jump into our in-game public channel: Adhocracy Public. There you can chat to members and recruiters and get any questions you have answered. You will also be able to fill out an application. Once this is done, let us know in our public channel and we’ll arrange a recruitment interview.
If no-one is online, feel free to send a message to one of our recruitment officers: Lil Red Hoodrat, Jezeray Dallocort or Halo Phase.
Willingness to learn the way of Bob, the capricious wormhole God.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.223345
Retrieved Text: Hugh MacKay’s recent book ‘The Good Life: What Makes a Life Worth Living’ sheds some light on the traditional workplace structure versus a more modern, collaborative approach. Hugh finds that amidst all this striving for excellence, perfection and self-esteem it’s easy to overlook a fundamental fact about our species. We are social creatures “and the process of socialisation, learning how to live harmoniously in social groups, is actually designed to restrain our self-interest and curb excessive competitiveness.” We need to work together to achieve the greater good. Too much focus on Brand Me, which is on self-esteem and not self-control (our moral muscle) can result in poor decision-making and the inability to restrain our impulses towards self-indulgence in ways necessary for the effective management of our lives.
The contemporary sustainability movement has been rightfully preoccupied with risk mitigation for some time. Yet as we experience the ramifications of climate change through extreme bushfires, cyclones, floods, drought etc, and the global financial crisis a shift is now occurring towards resilience. According to Toffler in ‘Future Shock’ this focus requires a transformation of institutional structures towards adhocracy – characterised by informal team roles, limited focus on standard operating procedures, deep improvisation, rapid cycles, selective decentralisation, the empowerment of specialist teams and a general intolerance of bureaucracy.
Taking staff off line and creating special project teams where the rules do not apply is one way of achieving resilience – I should know as this happened to me once.
Adhocracies can also form when small companies and sole proprietors share office space –

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.118654
Retrieved Text: Abstract This article describes a videogame to study the effects of social identity upon the results of social dilemmas. The game will do this by setting up the players in a team game. A team game represents a specific type of social dilemma in which collective action problems occur simultaneously at several levels of an hierarchical structure. We describe the game theoretical analysis of the proposed game and the prediction of its possible outcomes according to rational choice theory.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.405676
Retrieved Text: The GIST team recently sponsored a showing of the movie Food, Inc. and this week held a lunchtime discussion of the movie, and of the book The Omnivore’s Dilemma, which we had invited people to read during the fall and winter.
There is some common material between the book and the movie; Food, Inc. draws heavily from both The Ominvore’s Dilemma by Michael Pollan and Fast Food Nation, by Eric Schlosser.
Now I’ll admit – when Food, Inc. first came out I thought “Wow. I do not want to see that.” But the more I thought about it, the more I realized that I wasn’t comfortable with my reaction. It’s one thing when the food industry expertly paints a bucolic façade so that I don’t know that there’s a disconnect between what they want me to believe (and what I want to believe) about the sources of my food and its actual production. But when I chose to look away when offered the chance to look behind the curtain, well then I became uncomfortable with my complicity.
Still afraid to watch the movie (a fear that later turned out to be largely unfounded) I started with the book The Omnivore’s Dilemma and then worked up the courage to watch the movie. I learned a lot about things that I expected to learn about – organic versus conventional, confined animal feeding operations (CAFOs) – but even more about things that were totally unexpected. Things like the cause and effect relationship between the Farm Bill (which serves the food industry, not

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.348383
Retrieved Text: A dilemma is a choice between two unfavorable or mutually exclusive alternatives. (The prefix di- is Greek for two, which is central to the word’s definition.) That’s its traditional definition, anyway, and careful writers tend to confine the word to that sense. The word is also commonly used to refer to any difficult situation, even one that doesn’t involve two mutually exclusive alternatives. Dilemma in the traditional sense is useful because English has few words denoting choices between two things, so preserving the old dilemma would be nice, yet popular usage doesn’t take these things into account.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.337305
Retrieved Text: If you can get past the infuriating propensity for repetition only a perhaps a positive as it really drills the ideas into youthe evaluation of what “creativity”, “creative industries”, the “creative economy” and “culture” all mean today is an impressive and enlightening foray into contemporary culture and politics. Draws on the practical experience of individuals working in the creative industries. Creative Tension and the Need for Trust. The Aesthetics of Organizational Change: Creative Teams Need Uncreative People.
From Segments to Sub-cultures: Aligning Individual and Collective Change.
Added to Your Shopping Cart. Aligning Individual and Collective Change.
Dispatched from the UK in 1 business day When will my order arrive? Theatre as a Creative System.
Strategy, Leadership and Adhocracy. Tendai Karonga added it May 23, Back cover copy In this book, Chris Bilton, who has worked as a performer, writer, arts worker and academic, challenges the stereotypical oppositionbetween ‘creatives’ and ‘suits’.
Creative Work in the Creative Industries. Thanks for telling us about the problem. Bello2Buono marked it as to-read Apr 26, Home Contact Us Help Free delivery worldwide.
Ceresa Newsome added it May 20, Olufemi marked it as to-read Feb 24, Managing Creative Work through Release and Control: Adyanugrah Saputra rated it liked it Oct 24, Open Preview See a Problem? From Individuals to Teams. Walter Aguayo marked it as to-read Mar 11, Durwin Ho added it Aug 31, Trivia About Management And Cr Adam marked it as to-read May 19, Jonas added it Nov 03, What Creativity Is Not.
Creativity and the Creative Industries. Musician for Hire — Boundaries for Musical Composition. From

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.295206
Retrieved Text: Adhocracy is part of the Istanbul Design Biennial. The exhibition presents a collection of some of the most relevant projects undertaken in previous years as part of the “Third industrial revolution.” Or as The Economist described it “The world of people who make things.” The scope of Adhocracy ranges from digital manufacturing and 3D printers to the re-appropriation of public spaces, open-source hardware and crowd funding. These are all important examples of how people are becoming pro-active, and how technology, and in particular the Internet, is facilitating that.
MakerLab Istanbul centres on the connecting of the projects presented at the biennial and the realities of the city of Istanbul. Our goal is to hold a lab where we can show how knowledge and tools can be applied, taking in consideration the knowledge and tools accesible to the citizens.
Like in many cities, people have been disenfranchised from the sense of responsibility towards the public space. Citizens think that the government and other institutions should take some action to rectify this. While this is a commodity, and is true that most times we are paying for it, it is more and more clear that centralised institutions can’t deal with all our requests.
So it becomes clear that we have to take charge, at least if we want something to happen. Most of the concepts that have emerged during the lab can be classified as public furniture objects. Objects that we could put in the public space, not just to serve a function, but to actually make us feel at home.
I

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.284498
Retrieved Text: Know three types of leads for your ecommerce store and how to market to each.
A hot eCommerce lead is someone who knows your company and knows they need your product. They are in the later phases of the buying cycle making a final decision.
You are likely facing comparison shopping at this point, so you need to be aware of and counter what your competition is doing.
Hot leads will look at reviews and testimonials to get a sense of trust for your company. Make sure you have some 5 star ratings visible.
Stay with hot leads if they don’t buy on a particular visit with retargeting ads, including for abandon carts . Note any activity drop off from your site, particularly during check-out.
Make sure all incentives like free shipping and discounts are visible. Double check your refund and shipping policy content to make sure it’s clear.
You’ve almost got the hot lead. Take it too the goal line.
A medium lead is someone who is aware they have the problem your product can solve, but they don’t yet know about your company.
This is an important phase for search marketing. The medium lead will use keyword searches directly related to the problem and/or to the characteristics of your product. You must rank for these searches and get in front of the lead.
Use both PPC advertising for direct product searches and SEO for more informational searches, then have the right content in place for the lead to go to. Use retargeting ads aggressively to stay with leads through the buying cycle.
A cold

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.127802
Retrieved Text: A mechanism for a model of the motion of a comet. Engraving after B. Martin, courtesy the Wellcome collection.
I’m thrilled to be joining the curatorial team of the 4th Istanbul Design Biennial as Associate Curator, alongside Jan Boelen and Nadine Botha. Titled A School of Schools, it is a multi-platform biennial that will use, test, and revise a variety of educational strategies to reflect on the role of design, knowledge, and global connectedness in contemporary Istanbul and beyond.
The first step in the year-long process of the biennial is an Open Call, open to both to learners and schools. For more information you can visit the biennial’s website at aschoolofschools.iksv.org. Hope to see you all in Istanbul in September 2018!
During the summer of 2012 I was lucky enough to be involved in the preparation of Adhocracy, an exhibition curated by Joseph Grima with Elian Stefa, Ethel Baraona Pohl and Pelin Tan for the 1st Istanbul Design Biennial. My collaboration with the team materialized in the exhibition catalog, which I co-edited with Avinash Rajagopal and Tamar Shafrir. The Adhocracy Reader was designed by Folder (Marco Ferrari and Elisa Pasqual), and in its 400 pages we tried to push the concept of a standard catalog and create a reader, evoking a standard college reader — a compilation of pre-published material. A series of introductory essays frame the exhibition’s premises and the catalog’s intentions, followed by a carefully curated selection of material on the projects on display in the exhibition, alongside a series of pre-existing essays. The whole catalog can

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.639446
Retrieved Text: 1.1. Private: refers to any person, partnership, corporation, association or agency which is not a public body that is operated for profit.
1.3. Franchise: A continuing relationship in which a franchisor provides a licensed privilege to the franchisee to do business and offers assistance in organizing, training, merchandising, marketing and managing in return for a monetary consideration.
2.5. Adhocracy: is a flexible organizational design whose structure is loosely coupled, and amenable to frequent change.
4.3. The Five Forces : a framework for looking at the strength of five important factors that affect competition - potential entrants, existing competitors, buyers, suppliers and alternative products/services. Using this model, you can build a strategy to keep ahead of these influences.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.634964
Retrieved Text: CITATION: Juma, D. & Mibey, J. K. Influence of Organisational Culture on Organisational Performance: A Case Study of a Kenya Airline. International Journal of Human Resource and Procurement 4 (10), 25-50.
The study was conducted with the main objective of determining the influence of organizational culture on the performance of a Kenyan International Airline. That is determining the current culture of the organization and secondly to investigate the influence of organizational culture in the performance of this Kenyan Airline. The airline has over the years put in place initiatives to develop an organizational culture that enhances performance. However the effects of these initiatives have yet to be investigated. To carry out the study questionnaires were used to capture the required data targeted at members of management staff at their Head office in Nairobi. The influence of an organizational culture on the well-being of the business organization has been a subject of many studies of late. Culture has been explicitly recognized by many organizational researchers as one of the key component of a successful organization. This study therefore sought to investigate the influence of organizational culture on the organizational performance with special focus on a Kenyan airline. The research adopted a descriptive research design. The target population composed of 874 members of management staff at Airline’s headquarters in Nairobi stratified through levels of management staff. From each stratum the study used simple random sampling to select 90 respondents; this was 10 % of the target population. The researcher administered questionnaire to each respondent. Organizational culture was measured using

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.203182
Retrieved Text: Nonsensible Shoes: Why was the BREXIT result a surprise to everyone?
With waves of unfettered immigration, lost economic sovereignty a divorce from the EU was inevitable. I'm surprised frankly that the vote was as close as it was. It's led to a volatile market reaction, bad news, but it should have been predictable.
In terms of the U.S., the populist nature of the vote portends well for Donald Trump''s candidacy. Yes there's an ocean in between the U.K. and the U.S., but the common thread is the understanding that the status quo is not working for most people. Hillary Clinton represents a corrupt status quo, Donald Trump represents a bull in a China shop style of change. The BREXIT vote tells you where a lot of people's heads are at on that choice.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.11482
Retrieved Text: Ask me Anything: Best Culture for Men versus Women?
Is there a difference between the culture profiles of men and women at work? Do they thrive in different cultures? Here’s an interesting question in response to my “Ask Me Anything on Culture” offer, so let’s take a look!
The database of OCAI Online contains the responses of thousands of people across the globe. (In my new book, I’ll share a culture profile of what most people desire at work compared to what they currently experience! Stay tuned! Expected publishing date in December). For now, let’s focus on the difference between men and women in the USA.
The profile graph above shows the current (in red) and preferred culture (in blue) according to more than 3,000 working women.
The profile graph below in this blog post depicts the culture that more than 3,100 men experience and what they’d prefer.
Here’s the power of the visual culture profiles that the OCAI yields. You can see the differences and similarities immediately. Men and women basically agree on what their workplace culture looks like - and what they’d wish for.
Women experience 30 points of the people-oriented, friendly Clan culture that values collaboration and participation. They’d prefer 8 points more in the future which shift represents a very strong wish in the OCAI methodology. The second most common culture type is the process-oriented, structured Hierarchy culture that values control, efficiency and stability. Currently at 27 points according to women, but it should be reduced with 6 points. Again, a firm statement.
The remaining culture types are at

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.92297
Retrieved Text: Adhocracy is part of the Istanbul Design Biennial. The exhibition presents a collection of some of the most relevant projects undertaken in previous years as part of the “Third industrial revolution.” Or as The Economist described it “The world of people who make things.” The scope of Adhocracy ranges from digital manufacturing and 3D printers to the re-appropriation of public spaces, open-source hardware and crowd funding. These are all important examples of how people are becoming pro-active, and how technology, and in particular the Internet, is facilitating that.
MakerLab Istanbul centres on the connecting of the projects presented at the biennial and the realities of the city of Istanbul. Our goal is to hold a lab where we can show how knowledge and tools can be applied, taking in consideration the knowledge and tools accesible to the citizens.
Like in many cities, people have been disenfranchised from the sense of responsibility towards the public space. Citizens think that the government and other institutions should take some action to rectify this. While this is a commodity, and is true that most times we are paying for it, it is more and more clear that centralised institutions can’t deal with all our requests.
So it becomes clear that we have to take charge, at least if we want something to happen. Most of the concepts that have emerged during the lab can be classified as public furniture objects. Objects that we could put in the public space, not just to serve a function, but to actually make us feel at home.
I

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.889627
Retrieved Text: In 1984, iconic advertising executive and real-life Mad Man David Ogilvy received a letter from his 18-year-old great nephew, Harry. Having just finished school, Harry was now faced with the common dilemma of whether to go to university or jump straight into full-time work, and so asked his highly respected relative for some wisdom on the matter. Ogilvy responded with the following multiple choice letter of advice.
Click through to read the letter. It's brilliant.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.764633
Retrieved Text: dc.description.abstract This study investigated the relationships among organization characteristics, organizational culture, journalistic professional culture, and news organizations’ adoption of user-generated content (UGC) in the United States. This study used a cross-sectional survey design to explore the dominant culture in daily newspapers and broadcast network-affiliated television stations, journalists’ core values of professionalism, and to what extent news organizations adopted UGC. The study found organizational culture played an important role in the process of UGC adoption by news organizations. The more a news organization emphasized the values of adhocracy culture that is characterized by a creative and dynamic workplace, the higher level its UGC adoption was. However, the study did not find a significant relationship between journalistic professional culture and news organizations’ UGC adoption level. Moreover, the study found some organization characteristics like organization size and organization longevity were related to news organizations’ UGC adoption level. In one word, the findings of the study suggested that organizational culture and some organization characteristics are more important than professional culture of journalism in the process of UGC adoption by legacy media organizations.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.752762
Retrieved Text: Because partnership owners are usually managers, especially in small work areas, the organization is easy to manage, and decisions can be made quickly without too much bureaucracy. Property on property can be an incentive only potential creditors or plaintiffs must file a lawsuit. If you are another partner, your ownership will not affect judgment. The steps to transfer business ownership depend only on the structure of the company, but also on the essence of reverse ownership. Business ownership is just one of the three basic legal properties of a company and the other two are exclusive properties and partnerships.
Private company ownership and profitability are characterized by most existing companies. Single owner property is the most common type of commercial property on the market.If you have partners who want to participate effectively, public partnerships will be too simple to form. Partners are not employees and should not issue W-2s. Limited partners usually do not participate in daily project operations.
This partnership is basically a single trader but with more than one owner. This is a job that is not integrated. In general, you must use the required tax year.
If you choose to form partnerships in any form, partnership agreements are very important.Because partnerships are not in the eyes of the law, they cannot pay taxes and cannot earn income. This partnership does not have tax requirements. In addition, partnerships can request consensus decisions on many problems, and can be stopped legally by leaving only one partner. There are a number of ways to build family partnerships.There are two

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.748138
Retrieved Text: On Lisp is a comprehensive study of advanced Lisp techniques, with bottom-up programming as the unifying theme. It gives the first complete description of macros and macro applications. The book also covers important subjects related to bottom-up programming, including functional programming, rapid prototyping, interactive development, and embedded languages. The final chapter takes a deeper look at object-oriented programming than previous Lisp books, showing the step-by-step construction of a working model of the Common Lisp Object System (CLOS).
As well as an indispensable reference, On Lisp is a source of software. Its examples form a library of functions and macros that readers will be able to use in their own Lisp programs.
As is often the case, when faced with a choice between a clean idiom and an efficient one, we go between the horns of the dilemma by writing macro which transforms the former into the latter.
lambda 表达式,就是函数的 literally 表示. 有没有什么快捷的方法来"证明"两个函数是等价的呢?比如 (lambda (x) (+ x x)) 和 (lambda (x) (* 2 x)) ?
有没有什么快捷的方法来"证明"两个函数是等价的呢?比如 (lambda (x) (+ x x)) 和 (lambda (x) (* 2 x)) ?
在 common lisp 中, 函数和变量使用不同的名空间,所以,可以有名字相同的函数和变量,不会混淆.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.691854
Retrieved Text: Game theory is the study of how and why people make decisions. (Specifically, it is "the study of mathematical models of conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision-makers".) It helps people understand parts of science and politics. An alternative term suggested "as a more descriptive name for the discipline" is interactive decision theory.
In the Cold War period, the strategic decisions of the United States and the Soviet Union were sometimes viewed as an exercise in game theory. In that case the "players" being studied were the United States and the Soviet Union.
Game theory is not just about games, but how and why businesses make decisions, and just about any decision based on valuing likely outcomes. In game theory, all of these situations are "games" since the people involved make choices based on how they value the possible outcomes of the choices. This is true even of cases where the decisions of a single person only affect that one person.
Game theory is found in the financial choices people make, and is found in the study of economics.
One example is the prisoner's dilemma. It gives an example where co-operation may not be the "best choice" in game theory.
Suppose two people are arrested for a crime, and the police are uncertain which person committed the crime, and which person abetted the crime. Each is given a choice: If each remains silent, they are both soon released. If one betrays the other, the betrayer goes free, and the other is imprisoned for a long time. If each betrays the other,

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: The word "allowance" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The captain was obliged to allowance his crew.
Sentence 2: Our provisions were allowanced.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.63359
Retrieved Text: This week Adam, Emma, Paul & Colin from Trek News & Views and the Deck 8 podcast look at one of the worse rated episodes ‘A night in Sickbay’. However we find that this episode is maybe not as bad as its made out to be.
1. What colour was the fluid that spilt out of the can onto Phlox?
2. What animal does Phlox sacrifice to save the dog?
3. How many wives does Phlox say he has?
4. What time in the morning does Archer eventually admit to phlox he has feelings for T’pol?
The worst episode of Star Trek that I can remember. This is the only episode, including “Move Along Home”, that is next to unwatchable. It’s embarrassing how poor the acting is, and the story seems ridiculous. This person who is supposed to be so qualified and superior to all other candidates for the position of captain of Earth’s flag ship, first warp 5 ship, etc, is so petty as to throw the safety of his crew, the success of his mission, and the reputation of Earth out the airlock over his beagle. The first time I saw this episode I remember picking up the remote to stop it several times, but forced myself to keep watching just to get through it. As for the aliens being unreasonable or immovable in their beliefs, we have to remember the old “When in Rome.”. They’re at their home with a group of aliens asking for their help, and probably feel the Enterprise crew are obliged to conform, not

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.367184
Retrieved Text: ship's captain, was born in 1827, the son of Henry Beaglehole, mariner and Ann Beaglehole, née Tippett, of Dartmouth. He married Mary Ann Ford at St Petrox church, Dartmouth on 4 April 1849. He and his family lived at Dartmouth and he followed his father's calling. In June 1869 he was appointed master of the Jhelum for a voyage from Cardiff, probably with a cargo of coal for Rosario, Argentina.
24 Jhelum, in the harbour of refuge.
His command was a wooden three-masted barque of 466 tons built at Liverpool in 1849 for the East India trade and owned since 10 June 1869 by William Widdicombe of Liverpool. She sailed on 30 June 1869 and had to put into Río de Janeiro on 29 September, leaking. She finally arrived at Rosario, Argentina, on 18 November not before she was involved in a collision. After discharging her cargo she left in ballast on 8 March 1870 bound for the Guanape Islands off Peru to load guano. She eventually sailed for home on 12 July and arrived at Stanley on 18 August 1870 leaky and in distress.
The Jhelum was one of eight vessels which entered Stanley harbour through stress of weather, which prompted Governor D'ARCY to report to London that 'this Harbour of Refuge has been of the greatest utility to the Imperial Merchant Marine'. The Jhelum however was to prove a problem to her master and the Falklands administration. Beaglehole did not have the funds to pay for repairs and indeed there was doubt as to whether the ship

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.181374
Retrieved Text: Colins was commissioned lieutenant on 2 November 1761.
During September 1769 he took the recommissioned schooner Magdalen out to Virginia from Portsmouth where she remained for the next six years. In June 1775 the Magdalen was threatened by the inhabitants of Williamsburg and a militia led by the prominent rebel Patrick Henry after the beleaguered governor of Virginia, Lord Dunmore, had ordered the removal of gunpowder from the local magazine. Colins was later obliged to evacuate the governor and Lady Dunmore down river to Yorktown.
By the autumn of 1776 he had succeeded the indisposed Captain George Montagu in command of the Fowey 24, and reaching Staten Island he took part in the landings on Manhattan during the New York campaign of July – October. Returning to England in December, the Fowey underwent a long refit before returning to New York in November 1777, during which period Colins had been promoted commander with effect from 23 August. The six-week passage took its toll however, with Colins being obliged to transfer over a third of his crew to hospital on her arrival, whilst on 21 November Captain John Henry was appointed to the command of the Fowey.
Later commanding the Zebra 14 from the spring of 1778, Colins was despatched by Vice-Admiral Lord Howe to watch for the arrival of the French Toulon fleet on the American coast, and after bringing in news of their approach he commanded her at the defence of New York in July. At the end of September he took the Zebra out of New York

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.953959
Retrieved Text: What is a staff Captain?
The ship's second-in-command keeps a finger on the pulse of all onboard activity and conflicts.
Most cruisers have probably heard the title of Staff Captain mentioned. But, I'd bet most have no real idea of what the job is, or where in the hierarchy of ship's officers this position fits.
To get a better handle on this shipboard position, I spent part of a day with the Staff Captain of Royal Caribbean's Brilliance of the Seas, Rene Johnsen. His day is not spent sunbathing by the pool, or relaxing drinking coffee, waiting around "on the bench" in case something should happen to the Captain.
A Typical Morning This morning at 6:15 a.m. Rene was on the bridge prior to the ship's arrival in Curacao, awaiting the local Curacao pilot. He and the Captain held a brief meeting, and the Captain asked Staff Captain Johnsen to bring the ship into the pier. He nestled the ship into its position at the pier with nary a dent or scratch. Afterwards he sat down for breakfast with the Captain, then returned to his office to check on the reports generated the previous day, and to read e-mail communications from other RCI ships and the head office in Miami.
The Staff Captain is in charge of communications with the dock, gathering any new and possibly pertinent information involving the various ports of call. This involves budget planning and execution, and vendor relations.
Later in the morning, there was a crew emergency drill, which also falls under his responsibility. The Staff Captain

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.561932
Retrieved Text: Captain Roberts and his crew are at the end of their resources. The Alliance have confiscated everything of value and conscripted most of his crew. They are being taxed again. There is no way he and his crew could make enough credits to satisfy the Alliance, and they know it. They are watching him, making sure he can't escape. The next time the Alliance boards his ship will be his last. He needs to find a way to escape the Alliance, and cross the border into the Collation of Free Worlds.
He and his crew would become exiles. It didn't matter. He had no intention of returning to Alliance territory. It was up to Nathaniel Roberts to restore their family wealth and get revenge against the Alliance for what they did to his friends and family.
Captain Roberts was unaware that the Alliance was breaking a century-old treaty in preparation for war. The Alliance wasn't alone; they formed a pact with the Crimson Tide, a pirate organization. Captain Roberts wouldn't be facing one enemy; he would be facing two. He would have to fight both of them while trying to make a new home for his crew.
Buy Exiles by Jay Toney on Amazon!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.325207
Retrieved Text: Captain William Kidd was a 17th-century Scottish sailor who became one of the best-known privateers of his time. He began his career as a legitimate English Privateer before he was tried and executed for piracy in 1701.
William Kidd was born in Dundee, Scotland in about 1654 to Captain John Kyd, and his wife Bessie Butchart. When he was just a boy, his father was lost at sea and his family was financially supported by a local society. When he was old enough, he went to work as a privateer for European royals to attack foreign ships.
A privateer was a non-military person or ship that engaged in maritime warfare under a commission of war. Privately owned merchant ships, licensed by the crown, could legitimately attack and take vessels that were deemed to be pirates or privateers from opposing nations. Captured ships were then sold with the proceeds divided between the privateer sponsors, shipowners, captains, and crew. In practice, the legality and actions of the privateers were often vague.
After working for various buccaneer crews, William became a respected privateer in his own right by the 1680s. At about this time, Kidd set sail for America and settled in New York City, where he befriended many prominent colonial citizens, including three governors.
By 1689, Kidd was a member of a French-English pirate crew sailing the Caribbean under Captain Jean Fantin. During one of these voyages, Kidd and other crew members mutinied, ousted the captain, and in August, sailed to the British colony of Nevis in the Carribean Sea. The ship,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.195156
Retrieved Text: White-Jacket - Chapter XXXVIII. The Chaplain and Chapel in a Man-of-War.
Chapter XXXVIII. The Chaplain and Chapel in a Man-of-War.
The next day was Sunday; a fact set down in the almanac, spite of merchant seamen's maxim, that there are no Sundays of soundings.
No Sundays off soundings, indeed! No Sundays on shipboard! You may as well say there should be no Sundays in churches; for is not a ship modeled after a church? has it not three spires—three steeples? yea, and on the gun-deck, a bell and a belfry? And does not that bell merrily peal every Sunday morning, to summon the crew to devotions?
At any rate, there were Sundays on board this particular frigate of ours, and a clergyman also. He was a slender, middle-aged man, of an amiable deportment and irreproachable conversation; but I must say, that his sermons were but ill calculated to benefit the crew. He had drank at the mystic fountain of Plato; his head had been turned by the Germans; and this I will say, that White-Jacket himself saw him with Coleridge's Biographia Literaria in his hand.
Fancy, now, this transcendental divine standing behind a gun-carriage on the main-deck, and addressing five hundred salt-sea sinners upon the psychological phenomena of the soul, and the ontological necessity of every sailor's saving it at all hazards. He enlarged upon the follies of the ancient philosophers; learnedly alluded to the Phiedon of Plato; exposed the follies of Simplicius's Commentary on Aristotle's "De Coelo," by arraying against that clever Pagan author the admired tract of Tertullian--De Prascriptionibus

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.187841
Retrieved Text: Charles Vane was an infamous English pirate who took numerous French and English vessels during his three-year career as pirate captain. Details of his early life are not known, but he is reported to have served under Lord Archibald Hamilton as a privateer prior to joining Henry Jennings as a full-blown pirate of the Caribbean. Following the salvaging of a shipwrecked Spanish merchant ship loaded with gold off the coast of Florida, Jennings expressed the desire to retire from pirate life and received a pardon from the King of England, but Vane continued on as captain.
Once in command of his own pirate ship and crew, Charles Vane became notorious for his cruelty. He was reported to have tortured men on rival vessels and to cheat his own crew out of their rights to plunder. His lack of respect for the pirate’s code and ruthless treatment of surrendered merchants virtually stopped all trade in the region for fear of his interference. He was deceptive enough to fake a pardon when captured by the HMS Phoenix in 1718, and resumed immediately to piracy thereafter.
Later in 1718, Vane was hunted by two Royal Navy men-of-war that arrived in Nassau with the explicit directive of bringing him and his crew to justice. Once confronted by the superior force, Vane set one of his own ships on fire and sent it on a collision course with the Royal Navy. While this distraction did not destroy the ships, it allowed him to make his escape with the rest of his crew and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.111313
Retrieved Text: JOSEPH HALSEY was born of respectable parents in New England, North America, who gave him an education fit for a navigator. He was, when he committed the murder in question, mate of the ship Amazon, commanded by Captain Gallop. This vessel sailed from Jamaica for London the latter end of June or the beginning of July, having on hoard Captain Gallop; Halsey, the mate; four men, John Father, Daniel Davidson, John Edwards, and Robert Green; and two boys, Thomas Symmes and William Mitchell.
Mitchell was about sixteen years of age, and Symmes seems to have been older. About a week after the Amazon left Jamaica the captain was taken ill, and confined to his cabin: the command, therefore, devolved upon Halsey. About the same time, also, the vessel sprung a leak, so that her hands wore obliged to pump to keep her clear. Halsey, as soon as he took the command of the ship, began to treat the men with great brutality, abusing and beating them without cause or mercy. Complaint was frequently made to the captain, and he was repeatedly alarmed in his cabin by the cry of murder: but he was not able to afford the sufferers redress; only he said to Halsey, 'Halsey, we have but few men, and, if you murder them, who will take care of the ship?' The captain's remonstrance, however, produced no effect, and soon after it became necessary to pump. Edwards and Davidson were taken ill: this afforded Halsey's cruelty a new subject of gratification; be compelled the sick

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.036549
Retrieved Text: South Korea's President says the behaviour of the captain and some of the crew on the ferry that sank last week was "akin to murder".
The Sewol ferry capsized during a routine 400km journey from Incheon to the southern holiday island of Jeju in calm weather on 16 April. Among the 476 passengers and crew were 339 children and teachers from Danwon high school in Ansan, near Seoul, on a school outing.
The confirmed death toll has steadily risen as divers entered the wreck to retrieve bodies. Sixty-four have been recovered, another 240 people are missing and 174 passengers were rescued.
President Park Geun-hye, whose government has faced criticism over its initial response to the disaster, strongly criticised the actions of captain Lee Joon-seok and his crew.
"First and foremost, the actions of the captain and some of the crew are absolutely unacceptable - unforgivable actions that are akin to murder."
All those responsible, including the ferry's owners, crew and inspectors, will be held criminally accountable, she said.
Meanwhile, video footage has emerged of the captain receiving medical treatment following his rescue. It shows the 69-year-old on the floor of a hospital facility on the island of Jindo after the ferry went down. A nurse appears to be checking his blood pressure and shortly afterwards he is seen getting up, the ABC reports.
Mr Lee is alleged to be one of the first people to have escaped the Sewol and has since been arrested on five charges including negligence of duty and abandoning people in need. Two other crew have been arrested, while

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.973215
Retrieved Text: On December 15, 1955, Charles J. Tapper Jr. fell overboard. Captain Arnold Fargh threw a life ring to Mr. Tapper, who caught it. The captain ordered the drags hauled in so that the vessel could make a full turn to try to pick up Mr. Tapper, but by the time they were able to do so, Mr. Tapper had lost his grip on the ring. A crew member, Peter Darwin, went overboard with a line tied to his waist, but Mr. Tapper was dead when he reached him.
At about 4 a.m. on March 11, 1968, the Sea Ranger collided with another fishing vessel, the Bob and Barry, about 28 miles southeast of Block Island. The Sea Ranger sank immediately. The Bob and Barry was not damaged, and the crew rescued Justin McGee, a member of the Sea Ranger's crew. A Coast Guard search, assisted by the Bob and Barry, failed to find Captain John G. Hauser and crew member Richard Retkowski. A third crew member, Gaston McGee of Newport, was rescued.
Owner: Boat Sea Ranger, Inc. Charles Tapper Sr.
Hull Depth (ft): 8.9 ft.
Hull Breadth (ft): 19.1 ft.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.892344
Retrieved Text: Wooden Captain Kidd's Adventure Galley Model Pirate Ship 20"
Royal Louis Wooden Tall Ship Model 24"
Wooden Ben Franklins Black Prince Black Sails Pirate Ship Model 20"
Wooden Ben Franklins Black Prince Black Sails Limited Model Pirate Ship 26"
Wooden HMS Surprise Master and Commander Model Ship 24"
Wooden John Halseys Charles White Sails Limited Model Pirate Ship 26"
Wooden Charles Darwins HMS Beagle Tall Model Ship 20"
Wooden Mayflower Tall Model Ship 7"
Wooden HMS Endeavour Tall Model Ship 20"
Wooden HMS Victory Limited Tall Ship Model 15"
Take to the high seas and sail with notorious pirate Captain Kidd in this fabulous model of his legendary flagship the Adventure Galley. These masterfully crafted pirate ship models liven up any room of the home or office, and add a distinct nautical flare and touch of adventerous spirit to any room’s décor.
Constructed in England in 1695, the Adventure Galley was called “the first ship ever built by the British to hunt pirates.” Weighing in at 285 tons, with a compliment of approximately 32 cannons, she was a ship complete with full sails, though she was also outfitted with oars. While a seemingly strange design, this gave the Adventure Galley added mobility when winds died down or when in close proximity to pirate ships. Unfortunately, the ship was crafted with seemingly low quality wood, had thin planks, and no metal coating, leading her to an inglorious end off the coast of Madagascar.
The same year the Adventure Galley was built, Captain William Kidd set sail from New York to England in search of a Royal Commission as a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.835812
Retrieved Text: There was once a boy named Percy Pike, who lived in a small cottage by the sea. Percy lived with his mother and father, his brothers Pip and Pat, and his sister Prunella. The Pikes were a happy family, but they were also very poor. They all worked from dawn to dusk in one tiny field.
But there was still never enough to eat. Most day, the poor Pikes had to go hungry.
Percy had had enough. Early one morning, he came up with a plan. He tool a long branch, some string and a nail. The he put them together and made a fishing rod.
"I'll catch some fish and surprise everyone," he thought.
Percy jumped into his battered old boat, and rowed out into the bay. When he had rowed out far enough, he put a worm on his hook and dangled it in the water. Then he settle down to wait for a fish to bite. Percy waited... and waited... and waited... He got so tired of waiting, he fell asleep.
He woke up hours later. He soon realized that something was wrong. His feet were wet. Percy's boat was so old, it had sprung a leak. Percy was sinking fast. He looked around, and saw a ship. "Help!" he yelled.
"Please hurry!" he shouted. Soon, it would be too late.
At last, the ship came alongside Percy's boat, and someone threw down a rope for him. Percy drabbed it and pulled himself up - just in time.
Heaving a deep sigh of relief, he climbed on board. Then Percy saw

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.82795
Retrieved Text: Captain Seagull decided to return once again. This time with his crew members. Are you ready for the biggest Captain Seagull adventures ever?
It was very restless in the city, so you decided to go on holiday to the Summer Beach for a few weeks. You didn’t know that those lands were occupied by pirates! At night, Captain Seagull sneaked into your hut and took all of your gold! He uses his four crew members Birdy, Herby, Moody and Chilly to stop you from getting it back!
At the end of each section you will have to fight one of the captain’s crew members.
There's more hidden in a level than just a button. Always keep your eyes open for secrets!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.816473
Retrieved Text: 1. What type of boat should I choose?
The choice of the vessel depends entirely on your wishes and preferences. Our offer includes following vessels: Sailing boats – excellent for both family and active vacation Catamarans – very stable and comfortable Motor boats – for speed sailing enthusiasts Before choosing a vessel, please bear in mind the following details: How many people will be on board? Does your group consist of pairs who can share the same cabin, or do some crew members require a separate cabin? Do you prefer comfort? Do you require a skipper or not? If you need skipper’s services, please bear in mind that the skipper sleeps on board as well, so one of the berths (either in the saloon area or in a cabin) should belong to him.
2. Is it possible to rent a boat for less than a week?
3. Sailing boat or a catamaran?
For pure pleasure definitely a catamaran. It is spacious, more comfortable and more stable. Of course, it is also slightly more expensive than the sailing boat. For the pleasure of sailing, we recommend a sailing boat.
4. Are we obliged to hire a professional skipper?
If you have no sailing experience at all, or if you do not possess an officially recognized sailing license, you are obliged to hire a skipper. Even if you have experience in sailing, but are not sure in your maneuvering skills, it is strongly recommended to hire a professional skipper for at least several days, so as to make your cruise more relaxing. You can

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.743237
Retrieved Text: A pirate ship commanded by Gow. A former trading vessel of 200 tons commanded by the french captain Oliver Ferneau. Her first name was Caroline and later George.
At ten at night, Gow and his gang started fire guns. Most of the officers were at sleep, but captain Freneau was on deck. He was seized by Winter, Melvin and Rollson. One of them stabbed the captain in his throat, and Gow shot him twice with his pistols before pushing him into the sea. Gow took command of the vessel and Williams became lieutenant. They changed the name to The Revenge.
The Delight was taken by Gow. It came from Newfoundland with salted fish for Cadiz. The provision, sails, cables, chains and anchors were taken. Captain Wise and four men wew set adrift in the boat. A fifteen year old boy, William Oliver, was pressed into the service of the pirates as cabin boy.
John Gow in the ship The Revenge, attacked the Scotch snow Sarah. John Menzies and Alexander Robb joined Gow's crew. The ship was loaded with salted fish for Genoa.
Gow put into Porto Santo under English colors and asked the governor to take on water and wood. The governor was taken hostage until the delivery, but was later dismissed with presents and a salute.
Gow's crew took the american sloop Bachelor. It was laden with with timber. Gow pressed some of the men to join the crew. The prisoners of the Sarah was released and went aboard the Bachelor, with the exception of the cabin boy, William Oliver.
Louis-Joseph

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.69458
Retrieved Text: The Earl of Darington was hunting. He shifted his stance on the quarterdeck as the ship pitched in the treacherous storm. He squinted into the driving rain at the black outline of his quarry. Captain Esqueleto was rumored to be in these waters. Given the recent discovery of a wrecked ship and murdered crew, Dare believed the tale.
Esqueleto had been terrorizing the high seas for more than a decade. He was known to make a series of calculated strikes on valuable treasure ships and then disappear for years at a time, presumably enjoying his riches.
“Is it Esqueleto?” asked Mr. Everett, his first mate.
“Even better,” muttered Everett with some relief. No one had ever gone against Esqueleto and lived. A French privateer would make a handsome prize, though no doubt it would prove a worthy adversary.
Darington’s ship, the Lady Kate, was as fast as she was tough and was gaining on the French frigate. Dare surveyed his domain, ensuring his experienced crew was at quarters and ready.
“Run out your gun. Prime!” Men scurried to obey Darington’s command with skill and precision.
“Aim high, aim for the masts. Fire!” Captain Lord Darington shouted the command as the French frigate came into range. Explosions blasted through the raging storm. The Lady Kate shuddered with excitement at the simultaneous blast and recoil of the cannon. Acrid smoke rolled down the decks, a stench not even the torrential downpour could wash away.
“Over again. Lively now.” Darington had trained his crew to fire as well as any ship of the line, and a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.62972
Retrieved Text: Boatswain on the Earl of Sandwich. Took his gang (fellow crewmen George Gidley, Richard St. Quinton, and Andrew Zekerman), stole the ship (and cargo) and killed the rest of the crew and passengers (eight in all). Captured and executed at Newgate.
Pirate from Scotland. Crew member of the Revenge, commanded by Peter M'Kinlie. Captured, tried, and hanged at Execution Dock at Wapping on June 11th, 1725.
One of Lowther’s crew in the “Happy Delivery.” Hanged on the island of St. Kitts, March 11, 1722.
Of Canterbury in Kent. One of Captain Roberts's crew. Hanged at Cape Coast Castle in 1722 at the age of 21.
Born at Minehead in Somersetshire in 1687. Quartermaster of the Royal Fortune (Captain Bartholomew Roberts). Tried for piracy at Cape Coast Castle, and hanged in chains in 1718, for taking and plundering the King Solomon.
Boatswain to Captain Bartholomew Roberts in the Royal Fortune. Was blown up, the explosion being caused by one of the crew firing his pistol into some gunpowder when the ship was taken by H.M.S. Swallow in 1722.
At one time an officer in the Spanish Navy. Became a notorious West Indian pirate, but about 1824 he retired from the sea to become a highwayman on shore.
Privateer who commanded a Spanish fleet that included two generals of the Brazil fleet: Don Juan de Vega Basan and Don Rodrigo Lobo. The fleet sailed from the city of Cartagena to Providence Island and attacked the English colony in June 1640. Their attack was repelled by the colonists. Afterwards what remained of the fleet returned to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.598562
Retrieved Text: A massive rally was held by the Youth Wing of Shiromani Akali Dal in Goraya today (February 9). It was organized in Goraya Dana Mandi. Youth wing leader, Bikram Singh Majithia addressed the rally. The rally witnessed huge participation of supporters.
Bikram Singh Majithia targeted Captain Amarinder Singh led government while addressing his supporters. He said that the Captain has misled the people of Punjab on the pretext of providing them jobs. Also, the Congress government refused to give unemployment allowance of Rs 2,000.
Congress government has not even fulfilled their promise of providing smartphones to the youth. Also, the farmers in Punjab are still deprived of the debt waiver scheme.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.586164
Retrieved Text: Malta flagged tanker owned by Geden Lines named M/T ACTION was rewarded by United States Coast Guard since they have saved a British sailor who injuired his hip in Atlantic Ocean.
The Brit, sailing to the United Kingdom on his sailboat Padolu, fell and injured his hip 655 nautical miles North east of Bermuda. He notified his favorite pub in the UK, who, in turn, notified British search and rescue coordinators in Falmouth, UK who then notified the United States Coast Guard.
Fortunately the United States Coast Guard Atlantic Area Rescue Coordination Center was able to locate the Amwer participating tanker Action, Geden Lines owned tanker was only 5 hours away when it diverted to assist.
The Action"s Captain notified United States Coast Guard rescue coordinators that weather conditions were making rescue operations difficult. "The Padolu is not under command, she can not use her enginees and can not proceed to our ship" stated the Action"s Captain, "Because of the sea condition there is a very high risk that she can have damage and sink without any rescue operation" he added.
With that, the Captain and crew of the Action rigged a system to allow the injured sailor to climb aboard 250 metres height tanker. The crew of the Action then coordinated with United States Coast Guard flight surgeons and administrated ice to the sailor"s injuries.
The Amver staff thanked the Captain and crew of Malta flagged tanker owned by Turkish ship-owner for their efforts in rescuing an injured British sailor. They gave the first Amver award of 2008 to the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.486696
Retrieved Text: Some time back, I posted about the “man who saved the world.” During the Cuban Missile Crisis, at the end of a weather report, missile crews in Okinawa received orders to launch against the USSR and other targets. Captain Basset, commanding one crew, thought it strange the DEFCON readiness rating was not 1, indicating war. Another crew thought it strange and sought verification. A third crew said they intended to launch, which prompted the captain to order the nearby second crew to send airmen with weapons to shoot the lieutenant if he proceeded. The captain then sought verification from his commanding officer, a major who ordered the crews to stand down. The major was later demoted and removed from his duties.
ESQUIRE now has a similar story of another man who saved the world, this time on the Russian side. In 1983, when tensions between the US and USSR were at a new all-time high, Stanislav Petrov, a lieutenant-colonel manning the early warning system, detected a limited US missile launch. It looked suspicious to him, and the system was glitchy. However, it was his duty to report the “launch” to the Kremlin, who almost certainly would have ordered a counter strike. He stood down.
Men like these are the unsung heroes of the Cold War. As in we should be naming our kids Basset and Stanislav and holding annual holidays in their honor. Without them, we might all be dead. As in the entire planet.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.45386
Retrieved Text: When a Pirate plundered a ship or sacked a city he would often keep detailed notes and journals of all the booty he acquired. Ironically, this ledger of stolen goods was to ensure that the loot was not stolen from him by his crew!
Most buccaneers could not be trusted at all and once their Captain found them plunder they would in turn pilfer bits and pieces of it and smuggle the goods home. Normally the booty was divided into equal shares among the crew and the Captain would keep a larger portion for himself. Though the crews' percentage was usually deemed fair, the buccaneers always had an eye for more. They would pack their loot in the cannons of the ship and seal them for safety. Others would hide their bounty in other places.
This is why it became necessary for a Captain to record the items he had plundered. When his ship returned to port he would again inventory the lot. Then the shares would be divided. If a thief was caught among the crew it usually resulted in flogging or death and at times, both.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.374063
Retrieved Text: The USS Farragut (NCC-1729) is a Constitution-class starship commissioned in 2278 under the command of Captain Aidan Rackham.
The original Farragut was authorised for construction on stardate 0965, and entered service on reference stardate 1/8806. Robert April, in his retirement address, mentioned the Farragut as one of the first five Constitution vessels under construction at that time.
The Farragut was in service at least as early as 2247, when it was under the command of Captain Nechama Rabin. That year, the Farragut visited Vulcan, where the captain and several of her crew were taken captive by a renegade named Sered.
By 2254, the Farragut was under the command of Captain Stephen Garrovick. Garrovick's crew included notable officers James T. Kirk and Androvar Drake. During Garrovick's command, the Farragut made contact with numerous races and charted hundreds of planets, including Modala and Neural.
In 2255, the Farragut was ambushed by six pirate vessels native to Epsilon Canaris III. Although outnumbered six-to-one, the Farragut escaped to Starbase 7 thanks to tactical officer Kirk.
During this time, the Farragut visited Pilkor III, between the Federation/Romulan border. The crew of the Farragut also accepted Tred Kegin for a three-month tour aboard the ship, with newly-graduated officers James Kirk and Victoria Leigh as his liaisons.
In 2257, the Farragut was surveying planet Tycho IV, when they were attacked by a dikironium cloud creature. The creature was impervious to phaser fire and overwhelmed the ship's defenses, leaving a third of the crew dead, including Captain Garrovick. Lieutenant Kirk assumed temporary command and set a course for the nearest

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.330494
Retrieved Text: Silver cup presented to Captain John Wilson in 1806. The silver cup has a flat chased floral border and reeded rim, and stands on an octagonal foot with reeded lines; the interior is gilt. It is inscribed: 'To Captn John Wilson, for his Gallant defence of the Ship Shipley; During an action of One Hour and three quarters with the Hebe French Privateer in which he received two severe Wounds. Presented by the Owners SHIPLEY WILLIAMS & Co. Liverpool 25th July 1806'. In his ‘History of the Liverpool Privateers' (1897), Gomer Williams wrote: ‘in February the 'Shipley' was on passage to the West Indies, when she was attacked by a French three-masted schooner privateer (ex HM Schooner 'Demerara') mounting 14 guns. Being becalmed, the 'Shipley' 'engaged the privateer with small arms for an hour and a quarter, until four of her men were killed, Captain Wilson and Mr Holden, the first mate, besides the steward severely wounded (the former shot through the shoulder and his hand much shattered, the mate having his thigh broken), when the men, after a most gallant defence, and having no officers to command them, were obliged to strike. The French had their second captain and five men killed and many wounded. The Shipley, having been plundered of much valuable cargo, which was carried on board the privateer, was recaptured by HMS Galatea, and sent to Barbados'.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.327957
Retrieved Text: To the crew of the UNSC Spirit of Fire, the smart AI Serina was the heart and the brain and the quick-witted protector of their ship and home away from home. To the Spirit of Fire’s captain, she was also his most trusted friend and advisor. Rules governing the safe operation of AIs meant Serina had to shut herself down while her captain and crew slept on their long journey to the Ark, but what could go wrong with giving her one more chance to fight alongside her crew and perhaps teach a certain newfangled AI to respect her elders?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.246807
Retrieved Text: Linda McCarthy and Hap Bowditch told the WMAC Monday night dredging of Menantic Creek is a matter of safety.
A fast acting crew aboard a South Ferry boat Sunday afternoon averted a crisis when a vehicle belonging to Josh Horton of Horton Dredge & Dock of Greenport caught fire about 2:30 p.m.
The ferry was loading in North Haven when Eric Curko, who is a new South Ferry captain just completing his training, smelled smoke. He called Captain Scott Overstreet, who was directing traffic onto the ferry and the two men quickly began backing vehicles off the ferry. They then grabbed fire extinguishers and put out the fire, according to South Ferry CEO Cliff Clark. Captain Mike Scheibel was in charge of the boat at the time, Mr. Clark said.
The Sag Harbor Fire Department arrived on site, but by the time they got there, they just needed to check out the truck to confirm that the fire was out, Mr. Clark said.
Because of the quick response by the crew members, there were no injuries and no damage to the boat, Mr. Clark said.
He noted that crews on both South and North ferries are well trained in how to respond to such emergencies.
While the boats are certified by the United States Coast Guard, the ferry services have no control over the condition of the vehicles they take aboard, Mr. Clark said. He said his brother, Bill Clark, who was with the United States Coast Guard for 30 years, oversees the training function for his crew members while Captain Mike

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.216806
Retrieved Text: Set in a small bar in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Tales From the Dew Drop Inne tells the collective stories of the people who make the place their home - people who have not fallen off the social ladder but who are hanging on desperately at the bottom.
“I served. I saw combat.” That was as much as Captain would tell us.
What had been his rank? We didn’t know. He was Captain because he was always inspecting and taking charge. “Too much foam on those beers,” he ‘d announce when Sal wasn’t careful to let the brew flow down the side of the glasses. “Rack those balls better,” he’d instruct Jonny, who’d look up and smile indifferently.
Captain would show up day after day for a time and then disappear. “Where you been?” one of us might ask after a long absence.
“In the Army.” Which made no sense until we understood that he was bouncing in and out of the V.A. Captain was one of those patients who won’t stay on their meds. When he wasn’t locked on the psych ward, he hung out at The Dew Drop.
No need to work, his benefits were enough. He apparently had and needed little. Yet, what he wore was always neat and carefully ironed. It was simply a part of his military way.
Not needing a job didn’t stop Captain from taking an active interest in the world of work. He’d stop to inspect and instruct wherever he could: pointing out smudges on windows and unpainted spots, stopping delivery men with instructions, “Those

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.214321
Retrieved Text: Old Boy and highly regarded member of the Hutchins community Max Darcey has been honoured with the opening of the ‘Max Darcey Room’.
Below is the speech made by Headmaster Warwick Dean to guests at the Room Naming Ceremony.
Max Darcey entered the Hutchins Senior School in February 1948, Student no. 4032 on a Chorister’s Scholarship from St David’s Cathedral. He immediately made his mark in Scouting and Rowing.
After joining the Hutchins School (3rd Hobart) Scout Group, he was presented in his first term with the maroon shoulder badge which marked his entry into the Senior Scouts.
‘Our mighty atom’ also coxed the First IV, the Stephens House crew and the Derwent Rowing Club crew (his father, Tom, was an Olympic coxswain in London in the same year), gaining his First Colours for rowing before the end of his first year at the School.
In 1949 Max came second in the U14 33 metres breaststroke at the House Swimming sports, as well as coxing the First Crew.
By 1950 he was Secretary of the Stamp Club and had tied for the position of Junior Impromptu Orator in the Literary and Debating Society competition.
In that year he won the U14 55 yards breaststroke race at the House Swimming sports and took second place in the U15 race; he also gained Second Colours in Athletics and Football.
As well as coxing the school crew – who ‘valued his advice and experience highly’ – he coxed the Old Boys’ crew to victory by six lengths.
By 1951 Max was Captain of Boats, and being described as

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.19728
Retrieved Text: “Building a good relationship between seafaring and shore employees is very important,” says OSG’s Captain Yun Ho No. And he knows what he’s talking about. Prior to V.Ships taking full technical management of OSG’s 44 international vessels in 2014, Captain No was responsible for leading the crew management for OSG.
Starting off his career with OSG as third mate in 1981, he rose through the ranks to Master before coming ashore from 1997. We caught up with him after the recent crew conference in Manila to understand more about his hopes for the V.Ships relationship and his thoughts on leadership.
“Seafarers work many months away from their families,” he says. “This can be hard – both for the crew but equally for family members too. It means that the relationship between crew and those ashore becomes even more critical.
“To build this relationship I personally like to spend time talking with and listening to crew members. There is no hierarchy – onshore or onboard – it’s about being visible and offering support,” he adds.
Now that we’re more than a year in to the relationship, Captain No wants to see an increased focus in our engagement efforts between crew and shore employees in the future. There was a great energy at the crew conference – people from many different nationalities coming together for a common purpose – to deliver value to the client.
Captain No believe the crew conferences are of value – it’s a great opportunity for him and others to meet with the senior officers. The next OSG crew

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.155655
Retrieved Text: Captain Quinton "Q" Dieterle is a native of Miami, Florida. He has been fishing the waters off Miami, the Keys, and the Bahamas all his life. Captain Q has been operating the Cutting Edge from his Key Biscayne location for over 26 years. Captain Q has had great success over the last 26 years fishing Billfish tournaments, and has received over 30 top captain awards. He has won the World Sailfish Tournament and been nominated in 2009 and 2010 as one of the top 5 captains in the world by In the Bite Magazine. Captain Q is also captain of the Get Lit fishing team. Get Lit has been one of the most successful fishing teams in the southeast and keys for the past 8 years. Captain Q spares no expense when it comes to catching you the fish of a lifetime. He realizes that every trip demands 100% effort and complete attention to detail. Every customer is his best customer. You will see that in all his crew and the entire Cutting Edge family.
The Cutting Edge is a custom 45′ Hatteras, customized by Captain Quinton Dieterle. It is the most comfortable fishing machine you will ever fish on. It is fast, clean and tournament rigged. A large cockpit with a 100 gallon live well built into the bulkhead and a 50 gallon live well in the deck. The fish box is also built into the bulkhead to preserve space. The fly bridge and tower are also designed with fishing in mind. The salon is air-conditioned

================



======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: The word "lie" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Lie down on the bed until you feel better.
Sentence 2: She lied when she told me she was only 29.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.831863
Retrieved Text: A friendship betrayed is the subject of this poet's poem.
I am so sorry to hear this! This does saddens me, but you will find a friend who will not lie to you and who will include you in things!
Isn't that what you had said?
Broken Friendship. I had a teacher's aide that I met last year on the first day of school. I could tell her anything. Then late this year we started having a bunch of fights. To be honest I really don't know what caused them. Our biggest fight that we had was when I was doing my English and she said something to me that made me mad. I told her that I was done and wanted to drop out of high school. She got mad at me and said she didn't want to hear anymore, so I got up and walked out. And we still haven't spoken to each other even though it's been a month since our fight. We don't speak to each other in the hall or in class.
My best friend would never do this. She loves me.
This is what happened to me. My friend.... well at least what I thought was my friend lied to me. For two years I have shared her pain with her, shared all I have with her and she lied to me. I asked her if we could have a sleepover. She said she would ask her dad. Every day I asked her what he said and she lied and said her dad said no.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.395924
Retrieved Text: nothing's wrong. nothing's happened. the tears just came out, she said.
maybe she lied when she said that there's nothing wrong.
maybe she lied when she said that there's nothing happened.
well maybe she's just tired to think about the reasons.
so, she let the tear covered up her face.
then she told me, that she's just fine.
i hope she does really fine.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.003517
Retrieved Text: Somebody lied to me. This time it wasn’t for my own good. They didn’t lie to me directly, they did it in the most underhanded way, they convinced some one else that they were telling me the truth. That is the greatest deception of all.
The person that told me these things believed what she told me. Why shouldn’t she? The person who told her these things should have been working in her best interest, she was even paid to do so. It was a classic con. The liar had something this woman wanted more than anything, she took her into her confidence. She said that she was revealing more than she really should, she didn’t tell most people this much. The things she told her were plausible, the fact that they weren’t pleasant made them that much more believable.
It was a great story, it had a beginning, middle, and end. Each character was painted fully enough that the listener could, if not understand, at least accept, their motivations. Every plot point fit well within the time and atmosphere of the story. There was conflict and a resolution of sorts. It was a good lie.
The thing is, good lies only work once. Any confidence man will tell you once you’ve bled your mark, it’s time to get out of town. Sure, you can run the same con again, you just have to be sure that your marks will never met. Our liar didn’t take into account how small a town we all live in now.
I’m not sure

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.87623
Retrieved Text: I was only thirteen when I first experienced it with my own eyes. Sometimes I wonder if I started doing it because she did. She would tell me she was going to hang out with Jennifer, her friend, when she would run out the door late at night. I knew she was up to something else because she would take her time doing her hair and make-up and wear all these beautiful short dresses.
Then one day a safe showed up in her room and that is when I figured out what she was up to all these nights. I knew she lied to me but I did not know how to confront her about it. I knew she was doing it for all the right reasons. We were broke, living in a trailer and she still had four kids to raise after we left my abusive father. The night she told me the truth, me and my sister were sitting in the car, me in the front seat and my sister in the back. I just sat there not knowing how to feel or what to say.
“I just told you I lied to you. Say something. Cry. Do something,” my mom said.
“I already knew, Mom, I knew practically this whole time,” I said.
“I am so sorry, baby. I hate keeping secrets from you,” she said.
By the time I was seventeen, I was back in my dad’s custody, living with him, my stepmom, and my little sister. I graduated high school one year early and ten days

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.091606
Retrieved Text: I’m an 11 month relationship with a man I met online. He lives about 4 hours driving distance from me.
I have a son who is 5 years old that lives with me. He has two daughters ages 6 and 11 years old who lives 3 hours away from him with their mother. They have joint custody and he has his daughters on school vacation, holidays, and all summer. We see each other about one weekend a month and have gone on a couple of shorts vacations.
I noticed that during the school vacations and the holidays he would not only pick up his children for his visitation, but also their mother. When I asked him about this he told me that he needed her to watch the children while he was at work and that’s the only reason why she was there. Do I think there’s any romantic feelings there? No I don’t. I went along with everything because I believe the kids should have their father in their lives no matter what the situation may be.
Well, when we came back from vacation on May 28th, that’s the last time I have seen him other than on Skype. He told me that she would not stay over the summer, but she has and he makes an excuse saying the kids want her there. And, the reason why she is so flexible is because she does not work and has not worked for 7 years. She lives off the child support that he gives her and section 8.
Most

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.016403
Retrieved Text: I learned something today. As I scrubbed a bathtub, I realized something. Living in the now, in the present is the only healthy thing we can do. After the proverbial lightbulb lit, I wondered how does one balance responsibilities with being in the moment?
Upon pondering this idea further, I realized that we all get wrapped up in our lives (responsibilities), and forget to see what is really going on. We run to the store, or commute to a job. Our time is alloted to specific tasks. Slowly, our identity becomes tied with these tasks, and we lose ourself.
One of the last jobs I had been a part-time receptionist/front office position, and it consumed me. At the end, I couldn’t figure out what happened, and why I was unemployed. I just figured it out.
I lost myself to the job, and the employer lied to me. . .not only lied, but did it to manipulate me into completing some tasks she wanted me to do. . .move her office. Not only did I move her office, but I did it twice in a year. Throughout this time, she told me that I was doing a great job. Then, she told me I was a bad employee.
This little issue has been bothering me since 2008 from a subconscious level. It felt good to realize it, acknowledge it and let it go. That was the past. I cannot hang onto this event, and live in the present. No one can. . .
Each of us has these little points in our

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.945824
Retrieved Text: I was making reservations for a hotel when the lady on the phone asked me for the purpose of my visit. I told her that I was going to preach at a church in the area. She said okay and began to log the information. I used the break in questions to ask, "Where do you go to church? I may be preaching where you attend." She said that she was too busy for church. I then asked, "If you were to stand before God and He were to say 'Why should I let you into my Heaven?' How would you answer?" She said, "I don't know." I asked her if she had ever lied, stolen, or blasphemed His name and she told me that she would be guilty of breaking His laws. She admitted that she would go to Hell if judged by perfection. I told her that the reason I attend church is because he died for me. He commands us not to forsake the gathering of believers. Therefore, I obey because I love Him. She responded, "I believe that I can worship Him in the privacy of my own home. I don't believe that I will go to Hell because I don't attend church." I said, "I agree. It's not about attending church. It is the object of you faith. If you are trusting in Jesus, you will be saved. If you are trusting in your own goodness, you deserve Hell." She will be working when I arrive tomorrow and I look forward

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.599426
Retrieved Text: Excellent hotel and location. It’s just been refurbed also. The staff are great and there’s no outside noise to contend with, which is great.
The room was fine, well proportioned and ligh. The bathroom however was very badly deigned. The loo squashed between the wall and the shower curtain. And the breakfast ridiculously expensive. Twice as much as other hotels.
Lovely spacious room, very clean and very close to the centre of Copenhagen! Only downside was that we didn’t get a double bed. Instead we got two twin pushed together with nothing to stop them from moving apart as they did during the night. Making it rather uncomfortable. I also found the staff at the front desk quite rude as I was ignored for about 5mins upon arrival whilst two of the staff chatted and laughed making me wait. The cleaning staff and housekeepers however were very friendly and helpful.
The room was perfect, perfect location, but someone in the reception needs a class of manners, I overslept (the day before I traveled for 10 hours and forgot to set my alarm) and I needed to do my checkout and book an extra night, but I wanted a single room and she told me: we don’t have CHEAPER rooms available while she looked at me like I was a vagabund. She could just told me: we don’t have a single room available. It was obvious that she doesn’t like foreign people. She thought I didn’t understand a lot of English so she told me: you lied, for leaving my

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.54898
Retrieved Text: Why haven’t I received any money for two years?
Does your ex have any other cases with the CSA?
Between what dates was the money paid to the CSA + were you in receipt of benefits?
If you believe the CSA owe you money, you should escalate your case to a clearly marked, concise complaint ~ Post signed for and keep copies. Also copy in your local MP and request their assistance.
It sis quite simple they take the money that the father has paid and use to pay for someone else s children of a father that has not paid and unwilling to pay, those of us that pay pay extra for this purpose.
Its simply shocking to hear that the Law may be passed where Child Benefit is claimed until the student in question reaches 20. In this case, it is no longer CHILD BENEFIT, after all they are supposedly adults at 18! ADULT BENEFIT?
We thought the Government wanted to reduce the benefit not let more claim it for even longer. How can this help anyone, least of all the poor struggling absent parent paying for years on end ?
I was married my wife had an affair and I was the last to find out, she lied to people saying I was abusive and threatening. I was thrown out of my home with no idea what was going on when her friend approached me and told me I comfronted her only to be met by police, I was set up but after investigation police said no case to answer.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.526012
Retrieved Text: One of the biggest challenges to honesty is fear of punishment. One of my daughters once told my wife and I a significant lie.
The lie and cover up were bigger than the action she was hiding. When we asked her why she lied, she tearfully said she was afraid of the possible consequence.
When we’re caught in a misdeed, many of us will default to lying to cover it up, especially when we’re caught off guard. This leads to a multiplication of sin that only makes matters worse.
If you struggle with lying, remember a time your lying cost you dearly, etch it in your memory and commit to truth going forward. My daughter wishes she had.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.52589
Retrieved Text: This lady told me she 100% wanted to buy these shoes off me. So I told her I would go down and get the postage bag and tell her the price. Once I did so, she then said she had no money and couldn’t pay till next week. When next week rolled around, she told me it would be the following week. This continued on for a month, until she finally said she didn’t want them because they were “overpriced”. She has lied to so many people as you can see in her reviews. Do not sell to her no matter what!!
@kristiealison is on Carousell - Follow to stay updated!
Worn once! Perfect condition 🌿 Size 12, faux leather jacket/biker jacket. Will also fit size 10 depending on how tight/lose you would like the fit.
Worn once! Perfect condition Great quality, quite warm! Perfect for winter, with stockings and a jacket. Size 10 ✨ From Miss Shop.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.501945
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the world of the juror. It’s a world in which opponents of an ultimate-stakes face-off spoonfeed you morsels of well-massaged information, a world of appetizers but no main course, a world of thirteen-line sonnets. You are one of the twelve people least-informed about the tragedy just laid bare before you. You are nonetheless expected to assume lead role for the final act.
It is a wise juror that weighs eyewitness testimony as it weighs all other testimony: with a skeptical eye.
After the trial, well after the trial, Andrea Reed recanted her testimony. She claimed she lied to the police that night and lied to the jury during the trial. I’ll defer to her words. I’ll allow her to tell you why she might have had reason to lie.
My name is Andrea Joyce Reed. The attorney who represents Henry Skinner gave me a copy of the written statement that I made to Officer Connie Ogle on January 1, 1994, and the transcript of my testimony at Hank's trial for capital murder in Fort Worth on March 9, 1995. I carefully read both of these documents before I signed this affidavit. I swear that all of the statements in the affidavit are true.
Several of the things that I said in my written statement to Ogle and my trial testimony are false. I lied because of implied threats and I was intimidated by Officer Katie Gerhardt and the district attorney's investigator, Bill McMinn.
This is what really happened. At about midnight on the night of December 31, 1993 ,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.381176
Retrieved Text: Tess felt a chill. He murdered Janie Crowley, and now he was about to murder Tess, and then everyone would know that she’d used her husband’s romantic predicament as an excuse to jump into bed with an ex-boyfriend.
‘And did you?’ she asked.
‘Sorry.’ Tess relaxed back against her pillow. Of course he didn’t.
‘My God,’ said Tess uselessly. She felt out of her depth, similar to the way she’d felt when she and her mother were sitting across the desk from Rachel Crowley the other day, filling in Liam’s enrolment forms, and she kept thinking to herself, Her daughter was murdered. She couldn’t link Connor’s experience to anything even remotely similar in her own life, and so she didn’t seem able to converse with him in any normal way.
Although, really, why should he have? They’d only gone out together for six months. Even married couples didn’t share everything. She had never told Will about her self-diagnosis of social anxiety. The very thought of telling him made her toes curl with embarrassment.
‘I guess girls like to know stuff,’ said Tess.
‘You don’t have to tell me,’ said Tess nobly.
‘Okay, let’s talk about something else,’ said Connor.
‘My mother lied for me,’ said Connor.
‘But you’re not saying she actually thought you did it,’ said Tess.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.36698
Retrieved Text: Amanda Bynes, who has been in the headlines frequently over the past few days, is now taking a public swipe at In Touch on her Twitter account, claiming that she plans on suing the publication for "lying about me entirely."
The 28-year-old actress also tweeted Wednesday night, "I am not insane and they lied about me in every way." Followed by, "They continue to write lies about me and it really hurts my feelings because they are calling me insane and I'm actually really smart."
Bynes did not address which In Touch story she believes lied about her or called her "insane." However, InTouch did publish a story today which claims Bynes told one of their reporters that she "believes she has a microchip in her head."
According to the article, Bynes told the reporter, "I want a dollar a day from every person who [is] reading my mind."
Clearly, Bynes takes exception with insinuations that she's "insane," and tweeted, "I will sue any one in the media who lies about me and says I ever gave them an interview when I never gave literally any magazine a quote."
Later, Bynes added Star Magazine to the list of people she plans of suing, after claiming to have gotten "the best lawyer in New York city" to represent her.
On Tuesday, Bynes addressed the recent media coverage on Twitter, writing,"Don't believe anything the tabloids are saying about me. They dislike me for some odd reason & they continue to insult me every day."
Amanda's Wednesday night Twitter rant continued, as the actress revealed that

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.342075
Retrieved Text: Today, a co-worker of mine, who I’ll call “Dee,” told me a crappy story about her experience at our local Bally’s Total Fitness gym, to which we both belong. Both of us had been members of the gym before getting pregnant, and now that we’ve had our little bundles of joy, we still go because it’s located very close to our office building.
About two years ago, Dee got another of our co-workers to sign up for a gym contract — and the sales guy told her she qualified for a ‘free year’ of gym membership once her current three-year contract was up. This perk stemmed from Dee bringing the Bally’s some new business. She asked how the gym would award the freebie, and the sales rep said it was automatically given at the end of her current contract. Sounds like a great deal, right?
Wrong. Turns out, it was a very shady tactic.
Now that Dee’s three-year Bally’s Total Fitness gym membership is up, she wanted to know when her free year would kick in. The current employees just looked at each other and flat-out told her that the sales guy lied — there was never such an offer at Bally’s. They claimed that the guy lied to a number of Bally’s gym members and say he was fired for his disturbing lack of ethics.
Unfortunately, she got nothing in writing from this slimeball. At least she wasn’t scammed out of money, although she thought she’d be saving a full year’s worth of membership dues (money she really could

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.28427
Retrieved Text: My most important experience sought me out. It happened to me; I didn't cause it.
My preferred companions are books or music or pen and paper. I have only a small circle of close friends, few of whom get along together. They could easily be counted "misfits." To be plain, I found it quite easy to doubt my ability to have any sort of "close relationship."
I explained that I was a coward. I wanted nothing whatsoever to do with a relationship. I talked a lot and very fast.
To my surprise, she did not leave instantly. Instead, she hugged her knees and rocked back and forth on my bed. I watched her from across the room. She rocked, and I watched. Doubts crept up on me. Opportunity had knocked and the door was still locked. It might soon depart.
"I lied," I said. "I was afraid of what might happen if we became involved. But it's better to take the chance than to be afraid."
She told me she knew I had lied. I had made her realize, though, how much she actually wanted me to be her boyfriend. We decided to keep up a relationship after Andover.
Even then, I was not sure which had been the lie. Now I think that everything I said may have been true when I said it. But I'm still not sure.
I learned, that night, that I could be close to someone. I also realize, now, that it doesn't matter whether or not that person is a misfit; the only important thing is the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.23726
Retrieved Text: I feel so empty know I can't have you.
your amazing perfect qualities that you possess.
This was the letter I wrote her <3 I hope she feels the same way.
"Only I keep wishing I could think of a way to...to show t he Capitol t hey don't own me. That I'm more than just a piece in their Games."
I looked at my mom, hoping for some sympathy. She stared at me blankly. "Ok, he seems to be fine, you may take your son home now." The doctor told my mother. My mom grabbed her purse, and scurried out the door. I quickly hopped off the bed and followed her because I knew that if she waited in the car too long for me, she would leave me. I broke out into almost a spring when I saw my mom get into her car, slam the car door and start the car. She pulled out of the parking space she was in. And pulled up to where I was. Oh, thank you, God, i told myself.
I quickly hopped in the car and slammed the door shut.
"What the hell were you thinking!"
"What the hell did you think you were doing, cutting yourself?"
"I was angry you were being mean to me, so I cut myself" I lied.
The ride was silent for the rest of the ride home.
My mom hopped out of the car, and opened the front door, taking time to hold the door for me. I was surprised, what had gotten into my mother? Why was she being so

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.107662
Retrieved Text: I work with a senior coworker — senior in life and career. She is in her 70s and very hard of hearing and loud. She is a very opinionated and sassy lady. I think she is also a little racist. She does not get along with most of the firm and has even been rumored to be the reason for the high turnaround rate in the section. I have learned to ignore her comments and even have grown to like her a little. Enough to come to her defense a few times…UNTIL THIS WEEK.
She manages a certain client and works closely with the partners, so she is the person to go to when we have questions. She told me to do something one way and when the partner asked about why I did something without authorization, she threw me under the bus and told me and everyone I SCREWED UP!! I FUCKED UP! when I was instructed to do it by her! She embarrassed me in front of people in our area and worse, the partners. I was so angry! Of course, I was quick to tell her that it was what I was instructed to do and she acted like she never told me! My word against hers.
The partners knew that I was following her orders, especially because she had just gotten reprimanded for something similar last week. (Her 70-yr-old brain was quick to forget.) I’m really not worried about my job nor any trust lost by the partners anymore. We’ve straightened things out via

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.93777
Retrieved Text: I heard a foreign language the other day in the waiting room. I asked and she responded, Brazil. She spoke amazing English, explaining how her daughter was in need of treatment. They'd been here for two and half weeks with another week to go. She was beautiful and her eighteen year old daughter was as well. Then she lowered her voice, telling me with misty eyes that her daughter had lost all of her hair during chemo. I couldn't tell at all but she explained that a wig was made for her. Geez. I couldn't imagine the pain felt by an eighteen year old girl pulling her own hair from her head. At such a fragile time in life, your hair, one of the main signifiers of your human existence, just falling out right in front of you.
I can only say that because it happened to me. And I felt similar. I only have half a head of hair right now, but I decided not to shave it all off. I remember, a long time ago, when this blog served as a clear window to a life with cancer. I thought I'd take photos and post them online at the end of my treatment. It won't be pretty, but it will be honest. I remember when they told me I 'might' lose a little hair. Fine with me. But that Monday morning in the shower, I was in shock when I started pulling it out in masses. Just another understated side effect I've heard from patients

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.793026
Retrieved Text: Nick leading a women to Christ in NYC. This was the first time she had heard the gospel.
Andre proclaiming the word of God in Pottstown. Passed out some tracts and open air. God was glorified!!!!
Ryan witnessing to Pikachu in Cincinnati. Everyone needs to hear the gospel. We cannot tell who will be saved by looking at them so we share the good news with everyone.
CCN @MCCC. The lesson "Personal Witnessing: How Jesus Did It" Great lesson. As usual that's faithful Anna who has been a true true blessing. I really really thank the Lord for her. I can see how her faith has grown and all that praise goes the the Lord only!!!! I solicit prayers for her medical missions trip to Honduras. Please pray that the Lord uses her to share the Gospel of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of sins.
You can share the gospel where ever you are at the time. Five weeks ago I was at church. A women got up crying during the service. She went into the bathroom and I followed her to see if I could help. She told me that she was an alcoholic and was trying to quit but she had drank the night before. I told her that I had good news for her that could help her but I needed to show her the bad news first. I asked her if she had ever lied or stolen. She said yes. I told her that hate is considered murder and lust is adultery. I explained that God

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.710907
Retrieved Text: CLARKSVILLE — A Johnson County sheriff’s deputy avoided prison after being convicted of perjury Friday, but her career in law enforcement is over.
Sgt. Glenda Morrison, 44, a deputy and wife of Sheriff Jimmy Dorney, was sentenced to one year of supervised probation and fined $5,000, after an eight-woman, four-man jury convicted her of perjury for lying to Johnson County Circuit Court Judge William Pearson during an Oct. 15, 2012, hearing.
On Oct. 10, 2012, a Johnson County jury found 49-year-old Tommy Bowden guilty of first-degree murder; the following day, jurors recommended a life sentence, which Pearson imposed.
In an Oct. 15, 2012, letter to Pearson, Gibbons said he learned that on the morning of Oct. 11, 2012, Morrison went into the jury room and told jurors Bowden had "acted up that night at the jail and was scheduled to testify during the sentencing phase, but if he acted up" jurors shouldn’t be concerned because he was wearing a "shock belt" that could be used to control him.
Morrison was questioned under oath that same day by Pearson and Bowden’s defense attorney, John Burnett.
Morrison testified she wasn’t even aware Bowden acted up the previous night in the jail when she reported to work Oct. 11, 2012, she didn’t recall making any comment about a shock belt, she didn’t go in the jury room and she didn’t have any direct conversation with any juror or group of jurors.
Morrison did tell Pearson that she and Sheriff’s Office Cpl. Jacob Shook were standing outside the jury room talking that morning, and it was

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.70527
Retrieved Text: No matter what I write about, my novels always seem to have a strong mother character. Inevitably, this character is inspired by my own astonishing mother, Mary-Anne Westley.
From a dorm pay phone, a hostel in Nairobi, a restaurant in Athens, or the bench at my neighborhood playground, I’ve talked with her every day of my life.
Once a writer and model for Vogue and Mademoiselle, my mother settled happily into the role of full-time mom for sixteen years. When she left my abusive father, she worked for the phone company and then a chemical gas company, trying to make vibrant copy out of dull facts and figures. She put me and my two sisters through college, commuting over an hour to work until her retirement last year.
Money was tight, but Mom never faltered, always inspiring us with her graceful acceptance of the way things had turned out. Now that I am a mother myself, I’ve been able to put some of her rules into practice.
Rule Number One: When in doubt, throw a party.
When my mother left my father, she left behind a giant house and many fair-weather friends as well. In our new, smaller house (next door to Mom’s former golf caddy), we all felt a little lost.
When Christmas rolled around, Mom refused to get gloomy. She planned her annual Christmas party, inviting not only the country-club set, but our new neighbors as well: Lou, who had a few cars on his front lawn; Jim, who we suspected was a drug dealer. The same bartender drove across

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.65246
Retrieved Text: An article in today's New York Post indicates that you blew up at BARBARA WALTERS for being a 'liar.' Actually, I don't blame you, but in fact she lied to both of us! After your maniacal and foolish rant against me two weeks ago, Barbara called me from her vacation (I did not call her) in order to apologize for your behavior. She had heard that I was going to retaliate against you and tried to talk me out of it. She very much wanted me to go on the show as soon as she got back so that she could 'patch things up' (I said no). To be exact, she said that 'working with her is like living in hell' and, more pointedly, 'Donald, never get into the mud with pigs' and, 'don't worry, she won't be here for long.' Barbara knows exactly what she told me over the phone and she has to live with it. Perhaps that's why her initial statement was so mild!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.615997
Retrieved Text: A New Hampshire cop was so miffed when he discovered an "emotional" woman had lied to him about speeding in her car to get to her dying father that he later went to the woman's house and arrested her for driving with a suspended registration.
"I'm pretty used to people trying to bend the truth to get out of speeding citations, but this woman preyed on my emotions as a human being," Christopher J. Cummings, the state trooper who made the arrest, told ABC News today.
"She told me her father had stage four cancer, that he was breathing only six breaths a minute, and that she was trying to make it to the hospital before he passed," Cummings said.
Cummings pulled over Carley Williams, 28, of Nashua, N.H., on Friday night for speeding, he said.
"I was parked along the turnpike with my radar unit when I saw the vehicle travelling 82 mph in a 65 mph zone," Cummings said. "I took her driver's license and asked a question that I ask everyone I pull over. I asked if there was an emergency."
That is when Williams told her elaborate lie, the trooper said.
"There was a good act that went along with it," Cummings said. "She seemed pretty emotional. It made me believe that this person was legitimately telling me the truth."
After taking down Williams' information, Cummings returned her license and allowed her to go on, but not before he asked for the name of her father and the hospital.
"She was cooperative. I told her to please slow down and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.511856
Retrieved Text: In my last post, I started talking about how, as adults, it can be tricky figuring out how to help a child make friends. I used the example of Annie, a little girl who is behind socially. She has reached the point where she cares about making friends (which can be a huge turning point for some children) but she is lacking the skills to keep them. Annie got a Christmas present for her friend Cara, but it looked like she ended up giving it to someone else instead.
I believed Denise when she told me Annie gave it to her. I was really disappointed that she acted so rashly; she and Denise aren't that close; they're not "BFFs." This gift that would have meant a LOT to Cara was wasted.
Sure enough, Annie told my aide later, "I told Denise she could look at my necklace, and now she won't give it back."
My aide knew that wasn't true. She knew she gave it to Denise, and I think most teachers are inclined to say, "Well, if you gave it to her, it's hers now. You can't just take back a gift. And lying about it is wrong." Certainly, this is an important life lesson that people need to learn at some point. And that's what my aide said. But she knew, like I did, that there was something bigger going on here. My aide said, "I can't believe she gave it to her and not Cara! That would have meant so much to her!" I agreed with

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.46442
Retrieved Text: This season of The Bachelor in Paradise is already facing its first scandal – with Alex Nation admitting she was tricked by producers into appearing on the show with her ex, Richie Strahan.
LISTEN TO THE TAPE BELOW!
Following a series of allegations that the just-finished Married at First Sight was a manipulative con, Ten’s new dating show is already copping some serious shade from Alex. Speaking to 90.9 Sea FM’s Heather, Dan & Ben show, Alex was holding nothing back.
"They actually told me that Richie declined three times," Alex said, when asked if she knew her former love was likely to appear.
Speaking of the moment she is shown reacting with surprise about the presence of her ex, Alex was asked if it was all a big ‘stich up’.
"That is the moment I clocked him," she recalled. "They said I was in the clear."
"I said I didn’t want to see him again on those terms and in that kind of environment, and they said he’s declined, we don’t think he’s interested.
Asked if she felt she had been lied to by producers, Alex indicated she believed that they may have deceived her.
"It is disappointing and I can only trust that it was a 48-hour turnaround. But I suppose at the end of the day they’re trying to make a TV show.
"And I thought if they knew they could lock me in, if they could lock him in as well that was gold for them."
The show, which begins tonight on Ten, has been heavily promoting the pair’s showdown.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.451866
Retrieved Text: NICOLA McLean finally reaches boiling point and explodes at her nemesis Kim Woodburn in Celebrity Big Brother.
The women have a blazing row in the kitchen as their housemates cower in the background, with Nicola screaming at Kim across the room.
After Kim called Nicola a liar, the mum-of-three gets more and more wound up as Kim seemingly refuses to tell her why.
Nicola shouts: “Liar? F***ing liar? Tell everyone how I’m a f***ing liar, Kim?
Kim ignores Nicola and walks around the kitchen, shaking her head as she screams.
Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt watch the scenes unfold, with Jedward loitering nervously in the background.
After the row subsides, Nicola sits around the kitchen table with Bianca Gascoigne and Calum Best to discuss what Kim meant.
Thinking about the row, Calum replied: “If you had [of lied], she would have told you in that moment and said, ‘This is what you lied about’ but she didn’t.
Nicola added: “She’s got nothing. I don’t need to f***ing lie about any of you.
“None of you. She said to me that I told Chloe that she’d said I was a bad mum.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.412045
Retrieved Text: A mother was not allowed to see her newborn babies after giving birth at a hospital in China.
Juliana Brandy Logbo, 28, was rushed to Huadu District People’s hospital in Guangzhou, China after she went into labor. When she got there, she had to undergo an emergency cesarean section and birthed twins.
But, the hospital staff quickly took the babies away after the procedure and she was asked to pay a staggering $630 in hospitalization fees before she could see her babies. Juliana, who is a citizen of Liberia living in Guangzhou, could not pay the hospital since she did not have the money.
Juliana was planning to go back to Liberia with her boyfriend, the father of her twins, before giving birth. Unfortunately, her partner has been detained since September for lending his Chinese bank account to a friend for a money transfer.
On May 5, when Juliana went into labor, the hospital charged her an ambulance fee of $130 then asked for a $790 deposit. When she asked to see her twins the next day, staff told her she had to pay the hospital the $630 discharge fee before she could see her daughters.
Her friend Salome Sweetgaye, 28, helped the mother raise the money. However on May 10, the hospital told Juliana she had to pay $800. When the distraught mother told the administrators she had no money, they reduced her bill to $707.
One of the hospital staff said, “There definitely isn’t this situation of demanding that she first pay up before letting her see her children,” She

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.39989
Retrieved Text: I looked up to you when times were bad.
I looked up to you when I was sad.
until you went behind my back and lied.
and began to realize your true colors that had shown.
You hurt me so badly that nothing can compare.
You were the one with whom my secrets I thought I could share.
and now that you're gone, I feel so deceived.
You lied to my face, one only could tell.
You left me alone; now I feel like I'm in hell.
I have no one to turn to to ask for advice.
Your leaving me like this is like being squeezed by a vice.
I have no one beside me.
but the more I try, I realize there is nothing more I can do.
You're gone forever, whether you know it or not.
Me being stuck in this world alone like this, I'd rather be shot.
and now like this for the rest of my life I shall live.
This was really nice. I write poems as well. I showed my poem to my best friend, thinking she would be happy seeing those, but she was jealous. She copied my poems and she tells everyone that she is the writer of those poems. I can't do anything...but the trust has decreased.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.35166
Retrieved Text: There is recovery from betrayal, recovery from narcissistic abuse and return to joy.
Looking for RECOVERY FROM NARCISSISTIC ABUSE? THE PAIN OF BETRAYAL? Victim of a Liar?
Life is short so take care of yourself. If betrayal and narcissistic abuse recovery is your goal, begin here. Begin re-learning how good it is to be in charge of your feelings, thoughts and life. No one can walk all over you without your permission.
Life is short, take care of yourself. Begin the re-awakening of being in love with yourself and learning how good it is to be in charge of your feelings, thoughts, and life. No one can walk all over you without your permission.
Don’t let another day go by feeling bad.
After 20 years married add 5 years of divorce/property settlement under narcissistic tyranny. On December 2, 2011 my termination will be complete. Only problem is that I will still be alive. She could care less and has no clue what she has done. I have had no help. Imagine that it was easier for my family to let me go than to have to deal with pure evil. . I am being sacrificed by the ones I love, who I used to call dad, mom, sister, brother, friend. Wife.
Know the feeling, my mother did a similar thing to me, no longer any contact with any extended family member or family friend for over 3 years now. There is no word but evil to describe what these people do, but you can get through it. Wishing you all the best

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: The word "shtik" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He's a shtik crazy.
Sentence 2: How did you ever fall for a shtik like that?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.493122
Retrieved Text: Yiddish Insult: He's a piece of meat with two eyes.
ער איז אַ שטיק פֿלייש מיט צוויי אויגן.
Er iz a shtik fleysh mit tsvey oygn.
He's a piece of meat with two eyes.
He's stupid. SOURCE: Stutchkoff, Der Oytser fun der Yidisher Shprakh.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.439852
Retrieved Text: Yiddish Insult: He's a piece of meat with two eyes.
ער איז אַ שטיק פֿלייש מיט צוויי אויגן.
Er iz a shtik fleysh mit tsvey oygn.
He's a piece of meat with two eyes.
He's stupid. SOURCE: Stutchkoff, Der Oytser fun der Yidisher Shprakh.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.138088
Retrieved Text: How much like Harley Quinn are you?
What does this have to do wih ANYTHING?
No! He's way too abusive to Harley!
Mistah J I'd fall for him any day!
YES I WANT TO STEAL JOKER AWAY FROM HARLEY!
6 How much like Harley do you think you are?
7 Alright sorry,this wasn't accurate but did you like the quiz?
Best quiz I ever took!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.922321
Retrieved Text: Growing up, did you ever feel compelled to wear women’s clothing?
I was one slick rainbow.
Did you like playing with cars?
What about sports? Were you sporty?
as I passed, mine dripping like a saint’s.
Were you friends with other boys?
and a mop to clean our spills.
wrench. Daddy’s little hockey puck.
wilted, his tender heart hidden away.
Did you have a healthy relationship with him?
tinsel and send me off to Grandma.
Did you ever do things to get his attention?
How long have you suffered these thoughts?
lipstick on my stuffed raccoons.
stilettos in the rest stop bathroom.
Don’t be smart with us.
in a ditch at the edge of I-80.
Was Brad the otter a homosexual?
Did Brad the otter ever touch you?
Tell the truth. Were you touched as a child?
rings true like a tiny handbell.
Josh Tvrdy was born and raised in Tucson, Arizona. He received a BA in Creative Writing at Knox College, where he coached cross country and track & field upon graduation. A fellow at the Bucknell Seminar for Undergraduate Poets, he will begin pursuing an MFA in poetry at North Carolina State University in the fall of 2018.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.894035
Retrieved Text: I have to accept fall. I like fall, I just don’t like to get excited about something that leads to winter. I’m a huge spring and summer fan. I’m the girl that can hardly wait for even a hint of warmer weather and sunshine. Fall is very pretty, especially where we live, Starbucks has pumpkin spice lattes in the fall, and scary movies are always fun (yet cheesy) to see with friends. OK OK, Fall–you win. Can you just stay around through the months of December, January and February perhaps?
Since we have this wonderful new house, I wanted to decorate for every holiday, for my own benefit and Brayden’s. I like pretty things.
I remember growing up helping my family decorate for every holiday, and that was such a fun memory for me—-so being the great mom that I am, I wanted to make sure Brayden had the same fun! Plus, lets face it, it makes me feel like a kid again myself, which is an extra bonus I’m OK with!
I didn’t really know where the one box of fall decorations were that we moved over from our old house, and I didn’t feel like digging for them in the pile of boxes we haven’t completely unpacked and organized yet, so off to my trusted ol friend Pier One I went! You cannot go wrong with Pier One anytime of the year! Plus, they sent me a coupon when we moved. How nice of them. I bought a few pieces (sparkly pumpkins, a rustic picture frame, some

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.864056
Retrieved Text: Still, in Walnut Street Theatre’s super-stylish production of “Private Lives,” which feels like the world is one big art-deco burst of British energy, the evening is more than Coward’s shrill and repetitive zingers. It’s a time capsule, a world made of money and class. It’s a place where everyone who’s worth anything can afford the clothes by designer Mark Mariani, costumes of such rich confection you just want to walk on stage and chew the collars.
And that’s my kinkiest thought about “Private Lives,” a rolling acrimony between a couple stuck in love, for worse or for worser, that goes round and round. Back in the ’30s, though, the idea that a gregarious, world-loving divorced couple (Kathleen Wallace and Greg Wood, both fantastic) could rekindle their stormy relationship only minutes after each marries new spouses was surely wild and crazy. They are all thrown together by chance, each couple honeymooning at the same resort and in side-by-side rooms. The old couple’s new and more grounded partners (Lauren Sowa and Dan Hodge, entertaining and holding their own in somewhat back-seat roles) soon learn just how fickle love can be.
Even though I question the play’s shelf life, others don’t – it’s had seven Broadway revivals, the last time just four seasons back. At the Walnut, it succeeds because of the way director Bob Carlton chooses to tell Coward’s story. Here, it’s as much a comment on Coward’s characters and milieu as a presentation of his comedy. Carlton makes the divorced couple larger than life. Wallace gives her character the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.724592
Retrieved Text: Make this Fabulous Fall Leaf Wreath with just a few simple supplies that cost less than $20!
Have I ever told you of my love of wreaths? Of course I have. Many, many, many times I’m sure. But I do love them. I like the feeling they bring because for me they’re the marker that a new season is starting, and it’s my way of saying hello to the holiday or change in season. And they make me smile when I walk up to our front door! Wreath making for me also means that I’m feeling happy with where I am at that point in time…I know that sounds weird, but if I’m making a wreath I’m feeling inspired and like Martha says, that’s a good thing.
This year’s fall wreath is the easiest wreath I have ever made in the history of wreath making. And it’s also my favourite, so I consider that a big win. Easy and I love it?! Yes. And for the record, I mean it when I say this wreath is easy. I made it in less than 15 minutes. No, I really did. I was inspired to make my wreath when I saw this wreath at Crate & Barrel for $60. I walked up to it and was all like, oh I love this wreath…but omg it’s $60! What?! I can make that for less than $20. So I did.
I have it hanging on my front door right now, but for a while I had it hanging in my chalkboard nook, with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.61285
Retrieved Text: That's Why They Play the Game!
Did you notice that nine out of ten writers in Sports Illustrated predicted the Celtics would beat the Lakers in the NBA finals? You might also have noted that France, one of the favorites to win the World Cup (and finalists in the 2006 World Cup), did not even emerge from their preliminary round.
So if these sports teams were clearly the stronger sides, why did they go to the trouble of actually playing the games?
I like what sports announcer Chris Berman says: “That’s why they play the game.” All week the commentators and experts will be telling us why one sports team has “no chance” of beating the other team this weekend.
Here are the statistics, here’s what the betting line is, this team hasn’t beaten that team for ten years!
Then on Saturday, they play the game, and the team with “no chance to win” wins.
Have you ever observed a person who assumed he was immune to temptation falling for the same old things? How could that middle-aged husband fall for that young woman’s flattery?
Why did that up-and-coming executive ruin his career by embezzling his company’s money? Why did that church leader divide the church on the flimsy excuse that he didn’t get his way?
Overconfidence, that’s why! Thankfully, God sometimes does us a favor, and humbles us. He “opposes the proud, but gives grace to the humble” (James 4:6 ESV).
Or, as Solomon would say, “Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall” (Proverbs 16:18, ESV).
No one is immune to pride.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.565704
Retrieved Text: Dean Potter talks to Outside's Ryan Krogh about freeBASEing the Eiger.
Back in October 2007, we predicted one of the next milestones of adventure would be a freeBASE, a climb sans ropes with only a BASE parachute as protection against a fall. This August Dean Potter delivered, freeBASEing a 5.12+ route on the north face of Switzerland's Eiger. We caught up with Potter to talk about his accomplishment.
Read the interview and then watch footage of Potter's climb, courtesy of Sender Films.
So, honestly, how scared were you?
I had a lot of anxiety and fear beforehand. And during the climb, big waves of fear just kind of rushed into me as I saw the exposure and saw the consequence of falling. But I get over that by focusing completely on my breath. My whole body was buzzing with energy. It was a sensation I had never felt before.
How do you practice for something like this?
I practiced different dismounts and stuff, but it's hard to really prepare for a fall that you don't know is going to happen. I never really had any of my friends push me off a bridge or something like that. I did practice falling on my back, falling sideways. I felt quite confident that if I did fall, I would right myself.
But you're still falling only a few feet from a rock wall.
If I fell, I would be falling really close to the wall and I'd have to have immaculate control not to strike it. But that is much better than not having anything, because

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.557005
Retrieved Text: called for a look that was cohesive, yet casual.
and a few ladylike vintage accessories topped off the look.
handbag – for sale in my shop!
You look gorgeous! I LOVE your nails, hair, and color palette! So chic!
I just did a post on updos for fall, I’d love for you to stop by my blog, let me know what you think, and possibly follow!
I love your blog! Keep inspiring others!
I LOVE this lace overlay! Perfect for fall!
I love how “open” the pattern is on the vest!
Great outfit and love the shoes! And what a great photo of you in The Independent!
I love your jacket! It totally looks vintage! I like the way you styled it with the dress!
Dear Daughter, If you ever tire of fashion consulting, you should become a runway model!!
The lipstick color is fantastic! such a good fall color… and the outfit is also perfecto!!! good color combos (as always)!
the combination of the collar and lace is perfect! I love how you paired it with a neutral dress, makes that perfect pop!
Shop Wedge Pumps Shoes, White And Black Blouses, Off Shoulder Black Dresses, Metallic Shoes and more. Get this widget.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.494509
Retrieved Text: Blondu de la Timisoara - Iti fug ochii dupa mine Originala wWw. Xat Chat, Song Ratings How did we get the ratings?
I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in love All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was wreck me Yeah you, you wreck me. The following data was recorded in xat chats, using the xat's arcbots radio rating system. Vladut de yale Blaj - Te voi iubi Originala wWw. Irina Lepa - Lacrimi ce curg in secret Originala wWw.
I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in floriin All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was wreck me I came in like a wrecking ball Yeah, I just closed my eyes and swung Left me crouching in a blazing fall All you ever did was wreck me Yeah you, you wreck bratelf Yeah you, you wreck me. How did we get the ratings? Live with Andra Soundland feat. Nicolae Guta - In noaptea asta ma imbat rau Originala wWw. Florin Osanu — In bratele tale. Bosquito - Hopa HopaGabytsa live pentru inimioara ta ascultator de Radio Click Nebunia iti urez sa ai parte de atmosf Costel Biju amp; B.
Nicolae Guta - Ma-ntreaba lumea de tine Originala wWw. Pacha Man - Ea a fost prima Official Video live nebuniciu.
Blondu de la Timisoara si Claudia - Atunci cand te vad iubire Originala Denisa si Jean de la Craiova - Toata viata mea langa tine stau - manele Live:

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.459034
Retrieved Text: Have you ever thought of blending your love of coffee and your love apple pie? We did and we know you’ll L-O-V-E this Best Ever Apple Pie Latte recipe!
Save a fortune on specialty coffee drinks and make your own in the comfort of your own home (and jammies).
Are you like the millions of others that flock to the specialty coffee shops for that favorite Latte or Cappuccino?
According to the Daily Meal, the average coffee connoisseur spends around $420.00 per year on their java juice.
That’s a LOT of do re mi for our coffee fix.
Now you can experience that same wonderful fall flavor in your own kitchen for a fraction of the cost!
Our Best Ever Apple Pie Latte Recipe has the perfect blend of sweet, spice, coffee, and cream.
You can drink this latte hot or make it into a frappuccino by blending it with ice.
Bring Milk, Sugar, and Apple Butter to a low simmer on medium heat until the apple butter is well blended and the sugar is dissolved.
Whisk until well blended, you can also use an emulsion blender.
Apple butter is a staple at our home all year long. I make a huge batch in the fall and by the time we use the last jar, it’s apple season again.
5-6 lbs Apples. Washed, cored, and finely chopped (you can peel but I like to leave the skins on).
Stir mixture and use emulsion blender to puree ingredients until it looks like applesauce.
Does Your Love For All Things Apple Extend Past Coffee?
Then I have GREAT news for you! ME

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.441856
Retrieved Text: It’s almost that time of year again, folks. Fall will be officially arriving this Friday with a new surge of excitement and adventures.
From hot beverages, homemade pies, enormous pumpkins, sweeping vineyards, and the vivid changing leaves, fall is all things cozy and rustic. Did I mention pies?
So, with the crisp season (and sweater weather) right around the corner, how do you get yourself in the mood for it all? Well, here we’ve got a list of seven beautiful poems (and their excerpts) that capture the true spirit of autumn.
This poem practically exudes warmth and paints a picture in your mind of what fall truly is. Plus Dickinson is pure magic.
Do you ever get those feelings that only an October morning or evening could evoke? Robert Frost is a genius with his words and describes those chilled dawns and dusks perfectly.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning has numerous poems with language that could steal anyone’s heart. Let this work harvest all the feelings you have about autumn.
This poem simply captures an ever-changing season and all the beauty that never lasts. It reminds us that, like the seasons, not everything lasts.
The field of cornflower yellow is a scarf at the neck of the copper sunburned woman.
Sparking bonfires and flittering embers tend to fill our minds when we imagine all the things that make fall spellbinding. Stevenson’s poem captures the fireside charm of these cooler days.
This poem feels like a walk down a golden, leaf-strewn street. Sounds nice right? If you enjoy watching the leaves fall in the comfort of your favorite

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.438145
Retrieved Text: Where do I search when the stars have gone out?
are gone by and by? I look for you there, in the night sky.
the signs are all telling me it’s wrong, oh it’s wrong.
when life is so short with no room for error?
So where shall I search?
In which direction should I lurch?
Or should I stay right here upon my perch?
The crimson Lake of Lust.
that we no longer count.
and put on our horns.
woods beneath the cleansing rain.
I will if you will, i’ll leap with my faith.
Blindly i’ll jump into the sensual lake.
I Need a Mortal Sin to Wake Up What is Within.
we’re lucky a rainbow to show a storm has been.
I want you to hurt, the same way that you hurt me.
I want your world to fall apart the same way mine did.
those intimate words spoken and the soft tender kisses once felt.
I want you to know how that feels.
and each new moon brings you ever closer to the loneliness I felt.
your heart to any future love, like it did mine.
to wallow in self pity.
I simply want for you to see, like I did.
the emptiness you left me with.
this for myself. I want you to let go of that past, like I did.
of knowing, I want you to understand like I did.
What I want doesn’t matter and never has. I want it to matter.
I thought I did, I thought I didn’t then I did and then I didn’t.
I want you to know how that felt.
I want you to understand why that path was not for me.
I want you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.374481
Retrieved Text: Sometimes when you have worked in an industry or functional area for so long, you can easily overlook how much jargon you use or the complexity of your world. So, periodically confirm that the other person understands your train of thought and the technical terms you are using. If you’re on the receiving end of the confusing jargon, ask questions in the spirit of making sure you understand their key points.
Have you ever found yourself chomping at the bit to get your point across while someone is talking? Maybe you’re just really excited about your idea or you strongly disagree with what the other person is saying. If you fall into this trap often, practice being “in the moment” to fully receive the communication from the other person—not only their words but what they are saying with their body language and tone. This may ultimately lead you to an ever better idea.
As you think about the last time a situation like this occurred, ask yourself a few questions.
What was the impact of your reaction? How did it affect your effectiveness as a leader (e.g., the relationship with the person, results, etc.)? What assumptions did you make?
If you can make yourself pause even for a second or two, you may be able to contemplate a different possibility—that they have positive intentions, that they may have valid points, or that your assumptions may be incorrect. So, instead of judging, what could you ask them to confirm your understanding about their intent, goals, or point of view?
As you move

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.314953
Retrieved Text: LoveStyleCrazy: Did you ever fall off the bed while sleeping ?
Did you ever fall off the bed while sleeping ?
We have always co-slept with Navya, me and Boo on either side. Still I am always worried about her falling off the bed in her sleep. So last night when I heard a loud noise I got up panicking thinking Navya had fallen off the bed. As I saw her sleeping cosily on boo's side of the bed, I realised it was Boo who had accidentally fallen off the bed. In my half asleep state I just couldn't believe he had fallen off the bed while sleeping. After checking up on him I rolled navya to my side and laughed for a good 10 minutes before going back to sleep.
It still cracks me up thinking about the whole scene. An obvious outcome is that now both of us have reserved more sleeping space for ourselves.
Have you ever fallen off the bed while sleeping? How would you react if you do? If I ever manage to do that I will probably stay on the floor for the rest of the night.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.26728
Retrieved Text: To the first man I've ever loved, Happy Father's Day.
My relationship with my dad is our own unique kind of thing. We fight, we fuss, we go sometimes without hearing from each other, but as soon as we do, it's like nothing ever happened between us. I feel like I don't appreciate him the way I should sometimes, so here is a little thank you letter to show that I am thankful for you.
Thank you for listening to me complain about things and obsess over things that you've never seemed to grasp why I'm complaining or obsessed about it in the first place. For example: Zayn Malik leaving One Direction or One Direction in general, my obsession with Austin Mahone, why I love alternative screaming music the way I do, and much more.
Thank you for letting me your shoulder to fall on the very few times you did, because it meant a lot to me.
Thank you for always trying to find humor in things when you know someone is ready to fall apart. I know I get agitated when you do that, but I know that it's your way of trying to cheer me up.
Thank you for teaching me not to listen to what other's say about me and to keep my head up and let it roll off my back like I'm invincible. Thank you for taking me to my youth group events and for helping me get to M-FUGE those years I went, it was truly some of the best experiences of my life.
Thank

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.160072
Retrieved Text: Have you ever bought something just before it went on sale?
I know Ann has. And she doesn’t like that feeling and she doesn’t want you to have it either. Some places can correct the price after the fact, but sometimes they can’t.
We showed how to do a Fall or Thanksgiving invitation with Project Life Seasonal Snapshot 2015 stamp set in yesterday’s post.
So if you like that I’m showing you a second holiday with this stamp set and you feel that you should go shopping, TOMORROW IS A GOOD DAY TO GET IT.
And you MAY want to get on our mailing list. Yep, just barking.
I think this is one smokin’ card in Tangelo Twist and Basic Black. But we could’ve made it in green so it could make your friend think of the play, “Wicked”.
Ann says that Wicked is a must see show – especially if you like Wizard of Oz stuff.
Do you like how we did that greeting? Bet your wondering how we put those together.
TODAY IS CHOCOLATE CUPCAKE DAY!
It’s also No Beard Day.
I love a versatile stamp set to use for three holidays!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.151867
Retrieved Text: Yes I'm in love. And I have no clue who they are other then how they answer questions on AB.
You know you want me baby.
There is someone here who I feel very drawn too. Any else ever go through the same thing? Did it go anywhere?
How long d'you have to be asking and answering on Answerbag to feel like you know someone well enough to fall for them? I'm only a beginner, but can't imagine (at the moment!) how I'd get to know anyone well enough!
Yes, I have. One person in particular comes to mind. A truly beautiful, intelligent, thoughtful, caring soul are they. I like them very much. Aside from that person, there are one or two others whom I have deep respect for and who I could see myself dating and falling in love with, if distance and circumstances (and reciprocated feelings *grin*) allowed. Oh, and I'm stalking MrMaxwell, but that's a different kind of love.
I like you all, but I don't love you all. I'm content with remaining single. Maybe I could become the Answerbag Hugh Hefner!
I've never actually fallen in love before, so I have no way of knowing. I could be in love with several people and not know about it.
Not really. . . There are some i like more than others, but no more than like. I dont tend to fall in love with words on a screen.
I can't fall in love right now. My heart is too broken. I do "love" a lot of people here because of their

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.093733
Retrieved Text: Like thinking about gender? Ever felt like male and female don't cover all the possibilities? Come learn all about the Gender Spectrum and all the different identities that a person can have that fall outside the Binary of Female or Male. We will talk about gender identity in society, in science, and in life. Come enjoy a fun discussion and bring your questions! No prior knowledge necessary, just respect and an open mind.
Love Lord of the Rings? Ever wondered where all the names in Middle Earth come from? Come find out more about the complex linguistic systems underlying Tolkien’s Lord of the Rings series. For instance, did you know that Tolkien was a linguist and actually invented an entire Elvish language before even writing the Lord of the Rings books? Learn about some of the real world languages that inspired and influenced Tolkien’s invented languages. And find out more about the history of Middle Earth and how its languages came to be what they are now.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.07011
Retrieved Text: What is the most genuinely spine-chilling and creepy moment you have ever experienced?
What is the creepiest TV show ever?
What's the creepiest TV show from the 1980s?
Why are songs put in reverse so creepy?
What's the creepiest TV show theme song ever?
What's the creepiest thing that you've ever experienced while home alone?
Do you find seeing dead people creepy?
How does one act to not be perceived as creepy?
Ladies, what creepy thing did a guy do to try and get your attention?
What is the most disturbing or creepy disease that human or animal can get?
Can a creepy person ever become not creepy?
What makes someone creepy? Is what is creepy to one person creepy to all?
What happens in the brain of a non-schizophrenic person when they see an entity consistently?
What popular song has the creepiest lyrics?
Can women be creepy or do creepy things just like men?
How would one define creepiness in females?
What do guys find creepy?
What does a creepy guy look like?
Someone who doesn't take a no for ‘ No'!Someone who keeps demanding!(constantly ,not giving space)Someone who doesn't understand or respect boundaries!(time & space)Someone who keeps following! (Everywhere be it online)Someone who keeps tab on you.Someone bombarding you with unnecessary questions?!If confronted,he would defend shamelessly without any guilt!
What makes a woman creepy?
Well if you speak to someone once on Facebook and 15 minutes later you have a 1000 mutual friends, that's a little odd.A woman you don't remember meeting asking why you are ignoring her, especially armed with a sharp knife.
What's the creepiest thing that happened to you when you were

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.007643
Retrieved Text: Over the last couple of weeks I have tried to get some fall photos of my dogs and some of my friends and their dogs before the colors are gone. Well now the Fall colors are fading fast so I am so glad I took the time to have some fun with my camera.
Here are just a few of my Fall photos!
According to my dog Lexi, Fall totally ROCKS!
Tallulah loves her front field and she loves to run loose. Such a good dog!
My sweet Tallulah and her ball. She loves her ball..ball...ball...ball... Did I mention she loves her ball?
My sweet Nitro posing for another fall photo.
Can't forget this fall photo of my horse Montana. The sun was setting and the lighting was perfect!
Our friend Sharon stopped in with her husband Ben and their wonderful dog Oliver. Bud, Nitro and Oliver had a ball playing and chasing each other.
Oliver and Bud taking a break.
My handsome dog Nitro...such a poser!
Four out of five of my dogs playing in their very own dog park here on Bluebird Farm.
Fun photo shoot with the Custer Family and their dogs.
This was the first time their big Great Dane had ever seen a horse!
My friend Rebecca came out with her beautiful family and her dogs and we had some fun taking some Fall Family photos for their family.
I have been working with a deaf rescue dog down at Angels of Assisi Rescue named Ali'itoa. I taught him how to loose leash walk, sit and wait. The wait sign is very important to teach

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.933203
Retrieved Text: 1. How was your self esteem growing up?
2. Do you ever have a hard time with morals?
3. Do you eat in bed? If yes, what?
4. What was the last movie you hated and why?
5. Have you ever felt that you lost it all? If yes, explain.
6. Have you ever been stalked?
7. Do you believe in 'self help' for problems, or do you prefer therapy?
8. What celebrity do you think should make a run for office?
1. How do you feel when you realize that an impasse will cause a relationship (any type) to end?
2. You’re planning a trip that would be an eight-hour car ride, a four-hour train ride, or a two-hour plane ride. With money and time being no object, which would you most likely choose and why?
3. What is your ideal past time on a lazy summers day?
4. Name a CD you own that no one else on your friends list does.
5. What's a wish of yours?
6. What is something your going to do a lot of this week?
7. Is there someone you wish would just fall off the face of this earth?
9. Where is the next place you'd like to go vacation?
2. Last time you saw your high school best friend?
3. What do you do when you're sad?
4. What do you wear when you are relaxing around the house?
5. What did you do immediately after high school?
We just wanted to apologize for our miss-fire post on Saturday. We gotta blame Bud Weiser. It was his turn to post, which he actually did, but neglected

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.929274
Retrieved Text: Do you ever feel like you're not good enough?
Are the thoughts in your head telling you that you don't belong? That your efforts will always fall short?
Do you look at your life and feel like your failing?
and looking at the wrong reflection of your life.
Satan loves it when we doubt. He laughs as we look at ourselves and see only our faults. He is full of lies and condemnation.
He wants us to hear his voice and not the loving voice of our Savior.
Jesus did not come to condemn, but to give you proof of how much He loves you. To tell you how much you matter, how important you are to Him.
Cover your ears to the voice of the world. Open your eyes to see the God who loves you beyond measure. Give Him a part of your day, of your life. Spend time with Him in prayer. Let Him love you.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.890028
Retrieved Text: that clutch is insanely beautiful! just like the ones I post it for my shopbop giveaway!!
LOVE the dress AND the clutch! i think i NEED that clutch!!! happy bday eve!
Happy early Birthday! The Dress and Heels are Fabulous! You look Gorgeous as always.
Love the dress & great clutch!!
thats a great dress. It will look great with tights and boots for fall...if the weather ever cools down!
That dress is gorgeous! I see that you got it from ASOS, but I'm having trouble finding it. Did you get it recently? A response would be greatly appreciated :)! Thank you.
Stacey - I just got it last month, they still have a small in stock. http://tinyurl.com/asosbeaddress Goodluck!
such a stunning look! i can't even tell you how much I love your shoes!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.766333
Retrieved Text: If you're a youth worker, interacting with students through social networking is simply ingrained in how you do ministry. And while social networking creates a ton of connection points that are useful in building relationships, it also presents some challenges.
For instance . . . Have you ever gone to one of your student's social media profiles to send a quick message or leave a comment for them, only to find out that your once-friend has un-friended you? (Ouch.) I have. And let me tell you, there's nothing like the feeling of being un-friended by one of your students (or former students). When it happened, my immediate knee-jerk reaction was to think they didn't want me to have access to their life in that way. Maybe they were hiding something. Or maybe they didn't want their youth minister watching them interact with their friends. Whatever the reason, I had to figure out how I was going to deal with this potentially uncomfortable situation.
I wrote this post because I want to kick off a conversation. I wanted to hear from youth workers who might have experienced the same thing, or at least have thoughts on the subject. So . . . what do you think?
What would you do if you were in my shoes? Maybe you have been in my shoes. If so, what did you do? Did you "friend" students back? Did you ignore it?
Do you read anything into the fact that you were un-friended?
Did you ever get a chance to talk to the student about it?
Does

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.753483
Retrieved Text: Player/User 1: Favourite TV show?
Player/User 2: Once Upon A Time. Favourite movie?
My favourite colour..black, purple and red.
Anything that makes me dance.
Australia, I hope I get to go there someday.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.. he's awesome !!!
- "Your love makes me strong, your hate makes me unstoppable."
Favorite Character from any movie/ series?
The Pagani Car! Made in Italy!!!
I usually read mystery and detective novels..
Favorite Thing to do when you are bored?
favorite novel / book ??
Cartoon was absolutely amazing, the movie was awful.
What time is it in your time zone?
all the novels of sherlock holmes..
Do you like being in high places?
no..not easily.. but it depends how irritating my friends are..
have you ever proposed anyone ??
Yes, the recorder, guitar and piano.
How many times did you fall in love? And how cute the cat below?
I would like to learn how to cook more foods.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.712376
Retrieved Text: When I shared my fall mantel, I shared with you that I’m not fussing over too much fall decorating, this year. I’m adding simple fall decor to my home by updating my mantel. I will also add a few pumpkins to my porch because like every woman in American, I can’t resist a pumpkin this time of year. After talking with many of you on Instagram, I learned that most of you don’t deck your homes out for fall either. In years past I’ve done other simple fall decorating that can be done with little money or even with what you have. Today, I’m going to share some tips for adding simple fall decor to your home in hopes of inspiring you to bring this renewing season of fall into your home.
I love the idea of using non-traditional colors for traditional seasons. Since calming shades of blue and white are my typical favorites, I carried them over into my fall decorating. Blue pumpkins are pretty popular right now anyway so I did an ombre collection of mini pumpkins to place on my mantel. I’m honestly surprised that faux pumpkins aren’t coming in every color under the sun yet (although I have some tips to help you paint your own). I did have to paint these but this project took just around an hour and cost very little money. You can also find gorgeous velvet pumpkins in almost any shade to fit your decor.
Instead of adding colors like orange and brown into your decor (unless that’s your

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.65994
Retrieved Text: I Love You Messages for Wife are great words of love which bind husband and wife together. You can send love words for wife at various occasions such as at morning, night, at her birthday, anniversaries, Valentine’s Day, etc. you can make her feel like a queen by sending sweet messages on any romantic occasion. The below huge collection of love quotes for wife from husband help you greatly to express your love, affection, and passion for your beloved wife.
“I fall short of words to tell you how much you mean to me. All I can say is that my life revolves around you and nothing else matters.
“No matter how hard and punishing a day has been, I know I’m going home to the most beautiful person there has ever been. I love you.
“Every day that I spend with you are the most precious moments to cherish. I feel so blessed to have a wonderful wife like you. Happy Valentine’s Day”.
“My dear wife, every moment and every minute that I spend with you, my life becomes a wonderful dream come true. I always did and will always love you!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.655891
Retrieved Text: I didn’t think I could do it. It looked scary. Different. Everytime I thought about it, I had visions of Prince dance through my head. Pirates of the Caribbean also crossed my mine. I imagined eating soup with the Queen and unavoidably dipping the edge of my clothing into the soup with each spoonful. How embarrassing! What was I so afraid of? It’s just a sleeve! I finally decided that my fears were unfounded and I set out to buy a shirt with bell sleeves. The bell sleeve top is after all one of the the trendiest of all trends this fall. Now I’m loving this look and you can too with these 3 tips for wearing a bell sleeve top this fall.
If you want to wear a bell sleeve this fall but have all those silly fears like I did. Let me give you a tip. Start off with a 3/4 length sleeve. 3/4 length sleeves are universally flattering in my opinion. Have you ever said look how this 3/4 length sleeve makes my lower arm look fat? Nope never. Because it stops at one of the slimmest points of your body and makes your arms look long and lovely. And the shorter length won’t get in your way while you’re living your life. I found this navy blue top at Banana Republic and I am loving it!
Second, find one that is like your favorite t shirt, only elevated. There are so many options out there from everyday to dressy when it comes to the

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: The word "squeaker" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Which hinge is the squeaker?
Sentence 2: Those sneakers are squeakers.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.731781
Retrieved Text: 15 ���������� �������������������� ���������� ���� youtube Creative mode fun w subs! Destroying toxic og squeakers in playground fill 1v1 Funny playground gameplay vs random sqeakers in fortnite: battle royale! *uncensored* rudest guy i Destroying even more squeakers in playground! do i really hack (no lol) Destroying more toxic squeakers in playground! kid says he Meet the strangest kid on playground... Destroying the most toxic squeaker in playground fill! i met a subscriber! read description Destroying in a 2v1 against toxic double teaming squeakers in playground! Goodbye playgrounds, you will be missed Destroying in a 3v1 playground against toxic loot stealing squeakers Salty squeakers accuse me of aimbot in playground Destroying the most toxic squeakers in all of fortnite! part 22 Salty squeakers accuse defaulty boi of aimbot in 3v1 in playground! Goodbye playground... (fortnite funniest moments compilation) Destroying in a 3v1 vs toxic squeakers! i Kara and nate Destroying saltytoxic players in playground! aimbot Destroying another toxic squeaker in playground fill! he gets so mad!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.624577
Retrieved Text: Tired of squeaky dog toys not squeaking anymore? You don't have to worry about your dog's fun coming to a sudden stop with the Invincible Squeakers Snake toy! This toy comes in two versions, 3-squeaker and 6-squeaker, which determines how many squeakers are in the snake plush toy. And these aren't just your typical squeakers – they're Invincible Squeakers, and they'll continue squeaking even if they get punctured. Long, durable, and soft, the Invincible Squeakers Snake is a dream playmate for your precious pup. The Invincible Squeaker Snake dog toy comes in two colours as well: orange/blue and blue/green.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.423876
Retrieved Text: When you have a toddler learning to walk, all you want to do is encourage them in any way you can. One of the ways I’ve really enjoyed is Squeakers. What kid doesn’t love making a ton of noise as the move around the house. My girls will all walk in a line around the downstairs giggling up a storm as their shoes squeak away. It’s not really all about the fun and noise though, Squeakers are designed to help your kids learn proper heel-to-toe movement to help them learn to walk more quickly. When they walk correctly, they “squeak” and kids love the noise it makes which means they’ll always try to walk the right way.
If you’re thinking that the constant squeaking noise will drive you crazy or you’re worrying about letting them wear the shoes to church, you can take the squeakers out. Squeakers come in toddler’s sizes 3-10 and you can buy accessories to put on the shoes, too!
To keep up-to-date on their offers, follow them on Twitter and Facebook.
3 Southern Savers readers are going to win their choice of Squeakers.
You have a couple of ways to enter, so feel free to enter with one or all of them.
1. Leave a comment below telling me which Squeakers you want to put on your toddler’s feet.
2. Follow Southern Savers and Squeakers on Twitter and tell me you have in a comment below.
3. Like Southern Savers and Squeakers on Facebook and leave a comment below telling me you have.
The winners for this giveaway will be

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.592028
Retrieved Text: If your dog just loves stealing away your slippers, chances are they’re drawn to the smell of your (stinky) feet, one of their favorite smells. Of course, to your dog, this particular smell is best enjoyed by chewing on the irresistibly soft and fuzzy “fur-like” material imbued with your scent.
One way of training your pet to ditch this bad habit is to offer a replacement for your favorite slippers, and what could be better, or more cute, than a plush slipper toy with a squeaker and even a pocket for some stinky socks – pretty much an equal replacement for your house slippers, right?!
Does your dog love squeakers? Great! This toy comes with 2 replaceable squeakers. Or if you need some peace and quiet, the squeakers can be removed and the toy will function more as a comforting cuddle pillow filled with your scent (like our Comfort Cuddler)!
This toy is great for pups that experience separation anxiety, too! Your dog LOVES your scent (as discussed, your feet smell is likely to be a particular favorite). The canine sense of smell is very strong and helps inform dogs of the world around them. Your smell, in general, is one of the most comforting things to your pup. The interior pouch allows you to insert something that smells like you. Your pup will relax as your scent comes through, comforting them in your absence.
Includes 2 replaceable squeakers. Squeakers are optional and can be removed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.579456
Retrieved Text: This Kyjen plush puppies squeaker mat long body dog toy is perfect for larger sized dogs. Unlike the other Kyjen plush puppies squeaker mat dog toy we have previously talked about which is perfect for puppies or small sized dogs, this one is oversized dog toy to keep your best furry friend busy all day long. It features outrageously oversized long body, in fact if you want something longer, we think the super size Ginormous Gator squeaker mat is your best choice. This toy squeaks almost anywhere you touch, no wonder it can be one of your dog favorites.
However, if your dog tears up plush toy, this definitely not the toy you should purchase, because this toy is not strong enough to handle your dog’s teeth. But, if your dog loves playing with squeaker plush toy, this definitely should be in your gift list for your best pal. The body of Kyjen plush puppies squeaker mat long body dog toy is pretty floppy and the size, wow … perfect to play all day long for your large dog, even when one squeaker dies, there are still many others in this plush toy to entertain your dog.
You can lay this toy’s body flat on the floor, it’s fun to watch your dog flips the toy around. For some light tugging actions, we highly recommend this toy for you, well, we mean your dog.
Don’t Declaw Your Cat, Use SmartCat Ultimate Scratching Post!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.373732
Retrieved Text: have new images for List Of Dog toy Brands List Manufacturers Of Dog toys with Squeakers Buy Dog? please contact us immediately.
List Of Dog toy Brands List Manufacturers Of Dog toys with Squeakers Buy Dog and all other pictures, designs or photos on our website are copyright of their respective owners. we get our pictures from another websites, search engines and other sources to use as an inspiration for you. please contact us if you think we are infringing copyright of your pictures using contact page. we will be very happy to help you.
Related Posts of "List Of Dog toy Brands List Manufacturers Of Dog toys with Squeakers Buy Dog"

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.308792
Retrieved Text: Our latest twist on the popular stuffing-free dog toy trend. Zanies Unstuffies are realistic stuffing-free toys with two squeakers inside. Dogs will love to shake toss and tug these critters while owners will love that theres no stuffing mess to clean up after! Each realistic looking stuffing-free toy contains two squeakers and includes a hangtag and hanging loop.
If you love Pet Pals, you won't be disappointed with this nice pet toys. I really love it!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.945486
Retrieved Text: Kong Air Dog Squeaker Birthday Balls is especially designed to provide the classical combination of the two toys. In fact first is of tennis ball and other is of interactive toys. Non abrasive material can be certainly used to manufacture the squeaker dog toy. Also this squeaker dog toys is surely made up with the special non-abrasive material like the normal tennis balls. Additionally the internal squeaker and the erratic bouncing of this birthday ball also add the new level of fun for pet owner and pet dogs. In general KONG Air Dog Squeaker Birthday toy likes the tennis-ball, adds new excitement, bounce, texture, and also squeaks to that dog’s toy collection.
Pet Club India is the name of best online pet shop in India that offers you the wide range of dog products from different reputed brands. You can avail a variety of dog foods like dry and wet dog foods on a single platform. We at Pet Club India provide you only the quality assured products that suit best for your pet dogs. With the largest number of seller and distributor, Pet Club India delivers all your required products at your door steps. Products offered at this platform are for different age and breed of dogs.
KONG Air Dog Squeaker Birthday ball toys are made by excellent fabric. Also the squeaker balls are non-abrasive and completely safe for your dog’s teeth. These toys are extremely easy to throw and easily to dog pick up, carry and squeak the pet dogs. KONG Air Dog Squeaker Birthday ball

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.934147
Retrieved Text: 6.5" latex toy with squeaker. 3 character assortment.
6.5" latex toy with squeaker. 3 character assortment that come in 5 colors.
Stuffed latex 6 inch bone with a textured surface and squeaker. Three assorted colors.
Stuffed latex 3 inch soccer ball with squeaker. Three assorted colors.
Stuffed latex 6 inch soccer design dumbbell with squeaker. Three assorted colors.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.888767
Retrieved Text: Loopies talking shark is made of custom fabrics, has six squeakers and a unique sound chip safely tucked away in the centerpiece of the toy. The shark makes a bubbling sound. Loopies talking toys are amazing for many reasons. They're adorable. They're made of custom made safety tested fabrics, the squeak and they talk! Imported.
LOOPIES Talking dog toys are made of custom fabric, have 6 squeakers and a unique sound chip safely tucked away in the centerpiece of the toy. Loopies toys distinctive 6 loop design gives your dog several areas to grab for fun games of fetch.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.781708
Retrieved Text: A fun, new puzzle toy, KONG Tennis Pals combine two of dogs’ favorite things- the tennis ball and the squeaker toy. The strong tennis ball, which doesn’t squeak, is loaded into the body of the squeaker toy, creating an entertaining challenge for dogs to remove. Alternatively, the erratic bounce of the Tennis Pals can be used for exciting games of fetch.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.777597
Retrieved Text: Dogs dig Squeaker Matz! With multiple rows of squeakers, and awesome shake and flap factor, this toy is sure to keep pups playing. Bound to become your best friend’s favorites, this lovable toy is durably designed with an engaging array of shapes, sounds and textures so you can have huge fun with your furry friend.
DOGS DIG SQUEAKER MATZ: Digging is a natural behavior for dogs and Outward Hound Squeaker Matz satisfy this natural play behavior and excite them with squeaky sounds.
MORE SQUEAKERS = MORE FUN: The Outward Hound dog squeaker mat is PACKED with 16 durable squeakers to keep your dog digging and squeaking for hours!
IT’S LIKE BUBBLE WRAP FOR DOG: Just more durable. Once your dogs start the squeaking, they won’t want to stop. Watch as your dog’s paws playfully dig and play with these mats and stay far away from your gardens and grass.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.585526
Retrieved Text: Ideal for tugging games with your canine! The KONG™ Tugga Wubba is a fun, interactive tug and toss toy made with durable reinforced nylon, a squeaker and tails on both ends for twice the shaking fun. The tails make it easy to pick up, throw or tug. The long cylinder of the Tugga Wubba is one big, fun squeaker.
The KONG™ Tugga Wubba is a fun, interactive tug and toss toy made with durable reinforced nylon, a squeaker and tails on both ends for twice the shaking fun. The tails make it easy to pick up, throw or tug. The long cylinder of the Tugga Wubba is one big, fun squeaker. Available in Large and Extra Large.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.57131
Retrieved Text: Tired of squeaky dog toys not squeaking anymore? You don't have to worry about your dog's fun coming to a sudden stop with the Invincible Squeakers Snake toy! This toy comes in two versions, 3-squeaker and 6-squeaker, which determines how many squeakers are in the snake plush toy. And these aren't just your typical squeakers – they're Invincible Squeakers, and they'll continue squeaking even if they get punctured. Long, durable, and soft, the Invincible Squeakers Snake is a dream playmate for your precious pup. The Invincible Squeaker Snake dog toy comes in two colours as well: orange/blue and blue/green.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.449402
Retrieved Text: Nice and squeaky - Your Dog will Love You!
Sew these into new or old toys or put some in an old sock for hours of fun..
Large replacement squeakers are each 2 inches in diameter. Perfect for crafts, making dog or baby toys. Excellent squeakers to repair old dog toys, children's toys, teddy bears, etc. These offer a nice loud squeak. Each bag is professionally packaged with the Downtown Pet Supply Trademarked Logo. This is a brand you can trust for quality, and quality counts!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.425226
Retrieved Text: As many of you know from twitter we lots our fur baby earlier this month due to sickness and old age. We miss her but were prepared (as much as we could possibly be) for the day to come that she would no longer have the quality of life she should. Since then we have been debating over adopting a dog or a cat and finally settled on another cat (for now) due to our current living situation and travel commitments.
We found one kitty that we but in our adoption papers for but never heard anything back from the ASPCA. So after calling all week and never getting to talk to a person and never receiving any returned phone calls we decided that it just wasn’t meant to be. So we headed over to the Chittenden County Humane Society to check out the kitties they had for adoption. We had already been checking them out online so we had an idea of which ones would be a good fit for us based on their profiles. We spent sometime talking and interacting with a number of the cats and final decided after spending some one-on-one time with him that Squeakers (yes he does squeak) was the perfect fit for us. Below is profile from the Chittenden County Humane Society site.
TEEHEE! My nickname is squeakers. I get overly excited a lot.
What a beauty he is!! Go you!!
Aww, hi Squeakers! So glad you found your new home!
He’s beautiful I can’t wait to meet him and hear him squeak!
So sorry

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.288986
Retrieved Text: Zanies MegaRuffs WhirleezZA5060Discover the titan of tough toys! The Zanies® MegaRuffs Whirleez 8" Dog Toy features nine super-strong layers, including durable luggage material on the outer shell. Whirleez contains three squeakers, one at each end. Item qualifies for Free Shipping on orders of $99+. Click for more info.
Built to handle the toughest chewing! Our mega-durable Zanies® MegaRuffs™ Whirleez 8" Dog Toys feature nine ultra-strong layers, durable luggage material on the outer shell, and triple-stitched protective edging.
Each toy includes a backer card. Whirleez are also available in an 11" size.
Materials: 2520D Polyester, Polyurethane Coating, 210D Polyester, Polyester Filling, Three Squeakers.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.238228
Retrieved Text: If you think squeak toys are old news, think again. Made from durable canvas material, the Doggone Times comes complete with 3 squeakers, crinkle paper that creates a unique rustling sound, and of course hilarious “news” articles just for your sophisticated dog. It’s purrfect for a game of toss and fetch!
✓ Designed with crinkle paper that creates an enticing rustling sound your dog will love.
✓ Contains three squeakers for added excitement as your dog plays.
✓ Wrapped in doggone funny “news” articles to amuse you and your house guests.
✓ Encourages play and exercise to keep your dog in good physical shape.
✓ Durable, lightweight canvas is paw-fect for a game of fetch with your furry friend.
Watch the Plush Newspaper Video!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.232307
Retrieved Text: Petlou, Inc. creates and manufactures unique and innovative dog toys. A full line of soft and cuddly plush toys, from small to colossal, with multiple squeakers, grunters, and crinkle sounds.
This attractive leashes are reflective, luminous in the dark and Anti-slip. It comes with a soft cushion handle, O-ring feature for accessories (poopy bags) or hand-free operation.
Fleece & Colossal Plush Chew Toys are great for larger sized dogs. This Colossal is made of ultra thick, durable plush in vivid colors. Colossal toys offer multiple grunts, squeaks and crinkles. This toy is double stitched on key seams to endure hours of pawing, pulling, tugging, chewing, and biting.
Cute Animals are build with advanced construction for additional durability. They come with squeakers, grunter and lots of crinkle papers.
Cute Friends made in innovative material combination with fashion colors. They come in three different sizes. They are not only grunts and squeaks, but also crinkles.
Medium size plush line designed for all sizes of dogs. Made of ultra-thick, durable plush in realistic, natural, and vivid colors. This plush toys offer multiple grunts, squeaks, crinkles, and crunches. They are doubled stitched on key seams for long lasting fun.
EZ Squeakers not only will squeak anywhere your dog grabs it, but also keeps squeaking when punctured. The body has a monster sized squeaker. Embroidered facial feature details for safety.
This gorgeous natural looking critter have nubby plush that creates an interesting feeling in your dog's mouth. This lovable critter feature a squeaker, crinkle sounds and natural sisal rope tail or legs to add to the chewing, tugging

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.225409
Retrieved Text: With our range of adorable Disney Tsum Tsum dog toys, your dog can now join in the fun of collecting Tsum Tsum characters.
These range of plush dog toys contain a squeaker to ensure hours of fun and include all your favourite Disney characters such as Mickey, Tigger and Simba!
Disney Tsum Tsum are a range of collectable plush toys based on famous Disney characters which we all know and love. This special range has been produced for dogs and each character is available in three sizes each with an internal squeaker to promote play.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.207367
Retrieved Text: KONG Squiggles Soft Dog Toys.
KONG Squiggles are stretchy, floppy, squeaky fun for dogs and their owners. These colorful toys come in an assortment of four cute characters and feature a long, stretchy body, plus squeakers at both ends. Designed with minimal stuffing for minimal mess, your dog can shake and flap our Squiggles to their hearts content.
Squeakers on each end for added fun.
Available in four cute characters: Elephant, Rabbit, Donkey, Monkey.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.010118
Retrieved Text: Dogs dig Squeaker Matz! With multiple rows of squeakers, and awesome shake and flap factor, this toy is sure to keep pups playing. Bound to become your best friend’s favorites, this lovable toy is durably designed with an engaging array of shapes, sounds and textures so you can have huge fun with your furry friend.
DOGS DIG SQUEAKER MATZ: Digging is a natural behavior for dogs and Outward Hound Squeaker Matz satisfy this natural play behavior and excite them with squeaky sounds.
MORE SQUEAKERS = MORE FUN: The Outward Hound dog squeaker mat is PACKED with 16 durable squeakers to keep your dog digging and squeaking for hours!
IT’S LIKE BUBBLE WRAP FOR DOG: Just more durable. Once your dogs start the squeaking, they won’t want to stop. Watch as your dog’s paws playfully dig and play with these mats and stay far away from your gardens and grass.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.008066
Retrieved Text: Chuckit!® Ultra Squeaker Ball is sure to make playtime more enjoyable for you and your pet! This first ever squeaker ball from Chuckit! entices play with fun sounds and high bounce. This squeaker ball is launcher compatible for use with Chuckit! Launchers and offers a new spin on the Ultra Ball® - your dog's favorite! Modeled in squeak for improved safety.
Available for medium and large Chuckit launchers.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.005547
Retrieved Text: Unstuffies Dog Toys are realistic, stuffing-free plush toys for dogs. Each stuffing-free dog toy includes two squeakers. These are furry and won't leave a mess!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.761438
Retrieved Text: Provide your pup with endless entertainment with Canvas Bear Toy with Squeaker. Part of the Cabin Comforts collection, this toy features durable canvas material and high-quality stitching. The adorable brown bear design is perfect for encouraging your dog’s inner hunter. All Tall Tails Squeaker Toys feature the squeaker sewn into a separate pouch and stitched into the seam for extra protection against choking. The canvas exterior makes for a durable and friendly companion. Hours of interactive play is possible right in your own home. Spot clean using a washcloth. Approx. 8" long.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.731947
Retrieved Text: At Uncle Bill’s Pet Center, we not only offer Outward Hound dog toys for sale, we also employ a highly trained staff that can assist you in finding the appropriate toy for your dog. These fuzzy fun-loving snakes are the first of their kind -- always up for a good toss or a tug, and able to keep squeaking after being bit, bullied, and beat up by your dog! Three squeakers keep SQUEAKING Even when punctured. Squeakers refill with air when punctured. No Stuffing! We will be glad to work with you to ensure that your pet enjoys quality toys for optimal health and happiness by providing the best selection and value on premium dog toys for sale in Indiana.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.694166
Retrieved Text: AIR KONG Tennis Balls with Squeaker for Dogs ! Heavy Duty Dog Toy that Squeaks !(xSmall 5 Balls) - Material high-quality, rugged synthetic feltsizesxsmalls = 1 1/2 ,smalls = 2 ,mediums = 2 1/2 larges = 3 sound effect squeakerexported by exportyourstore. These fetch toys never bounce the same way twice air toys are heavy-duty to withstand the roughest abusesoft felt cover is gentle to dogs’ teethnon-toxic, easy-to-clean, brightly colored, squeak when squeezed, and they floatperfect for fun in any condition. Air kong tennis balls with squeakerair kong squeaker dog balls are made with the same high-quality, rugged synthetic felt material as standard tennis balls. Balls are available 1 at a time or in money saving 2, 3, 5 and 10 packs.
AIR KONG Tennis Balls with Squeaker for Dogs ! Heavy Duty Dog Toy that Squeaks !(Large 2 Balls) - Air kong tennis balls with squeakerair kong squeaker dog balls are made with the same high-quality, rugged synthetic felt material as standard tennis balls. These fetch toys never bounce the same way twice air toys are heavy-duty to withstand the roughest abusesoft felt cover is gentle to dogs’ teethnon-toxic, easy-to-clean, brightly colored, squeak when squeezed, and they floatperfect for fun in any condition. Material high-quality, rugged synthetic feltsizesxsmalls = 1 1/2 ,smalls = 2 ,mediums = 2 1/2 larges = 3 sound effect squeakerexported by exportyourstore. Balls are available 1 at a time or in money saving 2, 3, 5 and 10 packs.
AIR KONG Tennis Balls with Squeaker for Dogs ! Heavy Duty Dog Toy that

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.677734
Retrieved Text: Brown, Peter. Children Make Terrible Pets.
Lucy Bear finds a child spying on her as she twirls her way around the forest. She immediately takes “Squeaker,” as she names him, home and asks if she can keep him. Reluctantly, mom says yes, and Lucy and Squeaker become inseperable (new vocabulary word!) friends. Until Squeaker begins to prove why Lucy’s mom thinks that “children make terrible pets.” I adore the illustrations in this book, with muted colors and faux-wood grains. Plus, Squeaker really is darn cute.
Wargin, Kathy-Jo. Scare A Bear. Do YOU know how to scare a bear? What if that bear wants to stay and swim? Join your campfire? Sleep overnight? How will you make him go?
Any new bear stories you’d put off hibernating for?
← What is this, like, the 1950s?
Thanks for some new bear books to take a look at! One of my all time favorites wouldn’t “fit” with a fall theme but it’s a keeper anyway. “Little Bear’s Little Boat” by Bunting is one of those rare stories that understands a child’s world and point of view sooooo well.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.60506
Retrieved Text: The Lovable Ladybug Posing Prop from Camera Creatures is a cute accessory which helps get the attention of babies and small children. By keeping them focused right on the camera lens, you get better results in photographing children. There is a built-in squeaker on the bottom left hand side of each Camera Creature. If the child's attention should falter, just squeeze the squeaker and the noise will regain the child's attention. The Camera Creature will fit lenses up to four inches in diameter.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.55731
Retrieved Text: Quality Guaranteed. Sized for petite mouths. Non-toxic. Durable construction and enticing squeaker.
Our Li'l Pals Plush Petite Dog Toy is pint-sized to fit perfectly in your petite dog or puppy's mouth. Durable construction and an enticing squeaker provide hours of fun and exercise. Li'l Pals Plush Petite Dog Toys are non-toxic and feature durable construction and an enticing squeaker to provide hours of fun and exercise. Designed with comfort and style in mind, the Li'l Pals line by Coastal Pet Products is specifically made for petite pets.
My daughter in law bought this little toy for my Yorkie about 4-5 years ago and it has been washed soooo many times. It is still as good as new. He is only 6 lbs. and this is the perfect size for him.

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: The word "touch" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He has a touch of rheumatism.
Sentence 2: He longed for the touch of her hand.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.844952
Retrieved Text: I want you to understand the way I’ve always felt about you. How I longed to feel your lips touch mine. The way I would ache inside as you walked hand-in-hand with her; away from me. Out friendship was something I treasured. I could never express myself to you, because I feared I would lose you forever. Perhaps I was actually afraid of gaining you; I mean, as much more than a friend. I’ve wanted to be with you for such a long time. And now that you know this; I’m vulnerable and yet again, very frightened.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.915308
Retrieved Text: Why we shouldn’t be turned off by healthy touch.
She drew small circles on his back with her manicured nails. He sat up straighter and leaned forward. I averted my eyes and kept on singing about a God who satisfies all my deepest longings while feeling like a fraud of a worshipper: the single girl who longed for the kind of touch she saw in front of her.
What do we do about public displays of affection in the church? I faced this dilemma every week as a single woman, when it felt like the last time I’d been hugged, kissed, or back-scratched was when I visited Grandma. In church, I saw that affectionate touch knew no generational bounds, popping up among new couples, old couples, and middle-aged couples alike.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.114063
Retrieved Text: I was navigating through early morning traffic when I saw her.
The heavy material of the brown cable-knit sweater was draped over the sequined cotton top. The faded dark skirt, thick stockings, and padded sneakers pressing wearily against the concrete gave my heart a jolt.
Cars honked with indignation as I slowed and drifted to the side of the road where I could catch a better glimpse. The driver of the car behind me gave a menacing glare as he sped around me in a huff. Oblivious, I looked ahead with longing. Bubby.
I yearned for the intangible; I longed to reach out and touch this woman’s velvety wrinkled hand and link arms to support her as she crossed the busy avenue, her stiff brown sheitel barely moving in the breeze.
Where was she going? I wondered. I imagined her coming home to a small but cozy apartment, warm and thick with old carpeting and dark, well-kept furniture. I saw her hovering over the stove, cooking fish balls and boiled chicken and hearty vegetable soup, and then putting on plastic reading glasses and sitting down to do the crossword over a mug of hot tea. Bubby.
I resisted the crazed urge to call out to her, to yell for her to stop, to take me, a perfect stranger, along with her.
It was something I found myself doing lately, as I approached my thirties and lost more and more of the elderly members of my family. They were such a part of my childhood, yet I had taken them for granted for

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.776741
Retrieved Text: Hot Nights with a Gorgeous Greek The Greek’s Forced Bride Billionaire Leo is mistakenly convinced that Natasha’s a gold-digging harlot stealing from his company, so he commands Natasha to be at his beck and call. Then Leo discovers she’s innocent – in every sense! Now she has no choice – she must become his bride! Powerful Greek, Unworldly Wife Leandro swept Millie into his glamorous world! Wrapped in his arms and draped in diamonds, she thought nothing could touch their passion. But the deepest, darkest betrayal did. Now the powerful Greek is determined to make her his again. The Diakos Baby Scandal Renegade tycoon Theo’s power was infamous and Kerry thought he could provide the protection she longed for. Until a dark scandal made her vow never to reveal her child’s true heritage. But now Theo’s discovered his secret son, he intends to reclaim his rightful family.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.486458
Retrieved Text: Rheumatism meaning, information about rheumatism causes, symptoms, diagnosis, treatment with homeopathy medicine, or homeopathic treatment for rheumatism.
The word rheumatism is derived from the Greek word ‘rheuma’, which means a swelling. It refers to an acute or chronic illness which is characterized by pain and swelling of the muscles, ligaments and tendons, or the joints. The medical terminology for rheumatism arthritis is rheumatoid arthritis. Rheumatism arthritis is a chronic and painful disorder which can attack the joints on your arms and legs leaving them inflamed and swollen. Although rheumatism symptoms may often resemble those of another condition called osteoarthritis, one can spot a few differences between them. In rheumatism arthritis, the lining in the joints is inflamed while in osteoarthritis the painful condition is due to wear and tear of joints and ligaments. Left untreated, rheumatism arthritis would ultimately result in denuded bones and permanently distorted joints. Osteoarthritis, on the other hand, is a painful condition but may not cause any permanent damage.
Negatively affect outcomes of primary Rheumatic fever and contribute to emergence of valvular disease. The initial attack of activity I or III degree, pronounced carditis, active rheumatic process at discharge, recurrences, absence of year-round prophylaxis allow prognostication of valvular heart disease.
Early rheumatism symptoms may include persistent pain in the joints along with swelling.
• Apart from pain and swelling, if your joints are tender to the touch, you may suffer from rheumatism arthritis.
• Individuals suffering from rheumatism arthritis may also experience persistent fevers and chills.
• Fever may be accompanied by a feeling of fatigue.
• Swollen hands

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.45158
Retrieved Text: Why we're addicted: The base notes of santal and patchouli provide a musky drydown and allow RODIN 3 to linger with a touch of nostalgia.
After spending 35 years styling models for photo shoots and dressing the most formidable women in the world – Madonna, Gisele Bundchen, and Halle Berry, to name a few – New York-based fashion icon and stylist, Linda Rodin, began experimenting with essential oils in her apartment bathroom to concoct the perfect beauty product. “What I longed for was something far simpler – products for the here-and-now, that caress the skin noticeably and without any delay. Nothing out there quite did that,” she says.
In 2007, her dream elixir, a signature Jasmine & Neroli face oil, was the product that launched her eponymous line of luxury beauty products. Models, makeup artists, and everyday women fell in love with the luxury oil and an international cult following quickly grew. RODIN olio lusso expanded with a body and hair oil, lip balm, hand and body cream, perfume, scented candle, face cleanser and lipstick. In May 2016, RODIN olio lusso launched a line of Lavender Absolute face and body oils. RODIN olio lusso products are composed of aromatic oils – hand-blended locally and every batch personally approved by Rodin – that leave the skin looking and feeling instantly supple, radiant, and hydrated, exuding the easygoing Italian beauty that has long inspired Rodin.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.087364
Retrieved Text: What a strange, shifting person he was. The Gansey who turned to her now was a world away from the lofty boy she'd first met. Without any hesitation, she stretched her arms around his neck. Who was this Blue? She felt bigger than her body. High as the stars. He leaned toward her -- her heart spun again -- and pressed his cheek against hers. His lips didn't touch her skin, but she felt his breath, hot and uneven, on her face. His fingers splayed on either side of her spine. Her lips were so close to his jaw that she felt his hint of stubble at the end of them. It was mint and memories and the past and the future and she felt as if she'd done this before and already longed to do it again.
This moment <3 Blue and Gansey are so cute and sweet and I cannot even, y'all. I can't.
Sabrina Paige's Tackled made me swoon. Loved it.
Awwww, that IS sweet! I see why you like it! I really want to read this series, now that all of the books are published. I've heard great things about Blue and Gansey. :D Lovely swoon choice!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.917494
Retrieved Text: This is a tale based on a recent dream which I worked with in my journal.
There once was a little girl who lived in her father’s big, old house. Although the little girl’s father was kindly and gave her all he thought she needed and wanted, he kept her in her room to protect her from the unpredictable and competitive world outside. The little girl’s bedroom was on the very tippy-top of the house where windows let in the warmth of the morning sun and the comforting glow of the full moon. It was a grand house but it was falling into disrepair and some of the windows in her room were broken. When the winter winds blew the little girl wrapped her arms around herself, and dreamed of spring and far away places.
One very late winter’s day as she was looking out across the fields in which she had never run, she noticed an eruption of purple in the snow. The first crocus of spring. She longed to touch it, to be near it, to connect to its strength and resiliency. The beauty of the sight pricked her heart with yearning. The tiny hole suddenly opened into a gaping wound. Grief and tears flooded her soul and flowed from her eyes. She cried as if she would empty herself. Tears filled the room. The floor beneath her feet began to bubble and soften. Large chunks began to fall below. Through the holes the little girl could see what lay beneath. A staircase – an abandoned

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.529829
Retrieved Text: Uncle Wiggily Longears, an old bunny gentleman now stricken with rheumatism and getting around with a cane, still is quite active. In these stories, he encounters a string of characters from Mother Goose's tales and has adventures that are not quite in keeping with her books!
Howard Garis, one of the most prolific children's writers of the 20th century, is credited with writing over 1500 Uncle Wiggily stories. In this collection, the loveable old rabbit stays close to home and visits woodland friends.
Uncle Wiggily Longears is a loveable rabbit who suffers from rheumatism and has many woodland friends and innocent adventures.
Hal and Mabel's Daddy knows everything - how a thermometer works, what makes a car go, why we get warm when we run. It's a cold and icy evening after school and Daddy has a secret but what is it? And what is in the mysterious packages he has for the children?
The Wibblewobble family of ducks appear in a series of 31 bedtime stories - one for each day of the month - written by Howard R. Garis. Each story is an adventure featuring the ducks and their neighbors, including Uncle Wiggily Longears, the famous old gentleman rabbit with rheumatism.
In this collection, the loveable old rabbit visits other childhood friends from the "Alice In Wonderland" stories, once he discovers his rheumatism is not bothering him so much one day and he feels the need for adventure.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.31219
Retrieved Text: I've been told a lie. You would feel the same way.
My mind is full of crucifying thoughts, memories. A funny way the universe plays with my life. As I was picking myself up again, another blow comes right through. I know. Come on.
I'm trying to be open and still I keep blocking the words I'd speak freely. So much happened along the way. I'm still the same. If I can stop looking at the COVERT, then I will know that I did move on. I'm just nowhere near there.
I came here tonight with a story to tell.
She is called the SHADE. Every morning, her closed eyes open to see a different motion. She hates the sun, but she knows that it is the reason for her existence. Night falls and the chesire moon throws his smile on her. SHADE was happy. Once she felt okay and back then she still had her place to call home. Through the generations, SHADE carried an empress' heart and a 4 year old girl's ghost. Now she is waiting her time to break through this life.
Lilac star would almost complete her 24th cycle, that's when SHADE heard his voice. She found something familiar in the melody coming out of the white hollow tree. Her desire to complete the pieces she lost along the journey blinded her sight but she followed him underground anyway. You don't need to see through your eyes if you can just touch.
He held SHADE's hand and it was the spark she longed to feel.
Before the mother's

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.25951
Retrieved Text: Rheumatism is an old-fashioned term used for inflammation in joints, muscles and surrounding tissue. This results in symptoms of pain and stiffness in the affected joints or areas of the body. A wide range of health conditions can lead to rheumatic symptoms. In this page, our muscle and joint expert Earl Logan takes a look at some of these medical conditions and examines the treatment of rheumatism using natural remedies and self-help practices.
Rheumatism is a general and non-specific term used to describe symptoms of pain in joints, muscles and surrounding soft tissue (known as connective tissue). The word is no longer used by doctors but may be heard in conversation by the older generation – e.g. ‘I’ve got a touch of rheumatism’.
The word rheumatism can be traced back to the late 14th Century with the use of reumatik in middle England, said to orginate from rheuma (Latin) or rheŭma (Greek) meaning “to flow like a stream or river”. This is said to refer to the symptom of ‘intense flowing pain’ affecting the joints, tendons, muscles and ligaments of the body.
At that time, physicians had a limited understanding of inflammation and bundled all painful disorders of muscles, bones, joints and soft tissues into one big box and labelled it rheumatism.
With the advancement of medical knowledge over the past 50 years, we now know that ‘rheumatism’ covers a wide range of health conditions and symptoms – from local inflammation of one specific joint or area of the body (such as a knee pain or lower back pain) to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.133507
Retrieved Text: Lady Adaline Mortimer never expected to see Garrett, the rebellious young lord she loved and lost, ever again. Yet, when she’s kidnapped and held captive, the dark secrets of the past return. In the cave of St. Agnes, will she and Garrett win a second chance at true love, or will they perish just like the legendary lovers before them?
Silence stretched as her captor’s gaze wandered down the front of her bodice to her folded hands. ’Twas a very deliberate stare; almost possessive. Goose bumps skittered over Addy’s skin, for only one man had ever gazed upon her that way before. Years ago, she’d been thrilled to know Garrett had desired her so passionately. This man, however, was being far too bold. If he thought she’d ever be his, in any way, he was dead wrong.
She crossed her arms, curtailing his ogling. His lips twitched, as though he fought not to grin, before his gaze slid back up to meet hers.
Misgiving churned inside her, but she must keep him talking; he hadn’t answered her questions.
He nodded once, as though his answer was complete and final.
Warning touched his gaze, and a heady tingle coursed through her. Was he afraid she’d figure out who he was?
His eyes narrowed, and then, of all things, he chuckled: a genuine, admiring laugh that sent shivers dancing over her skin.
Her captor’s expression had shadowed with wariness.
“I will not.” His tone warned there was no point trying to change his mind.
Their gazes clashed. As she stared into his brown eyes, she sensed there

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.060225
Retrieved Text: Queen Victoria tasted her first authentic Indian curry in 1887 when her servant Abdul Karim cooked it for her. She pronounced the curry to be ‘excellent’ and then ordered that curries would be cooked in the Royal kitchens every day. For thirteen years till her death, curries were always cooked and served at luncheon. Victoria’s favourite curries were chicken curry and daal.
She longed to eat a mango from India, but the sea journey was so long, they were always rotten by the time they reached her.
Victoria wanted to learn Urdu or Hindustani as it was known, and requested Abdul Karim to teach her. He was soon promoted to be her teacher or Munshi. She took her lessons every day, never missing one, even if she was travelling. Towards the end of her life, she could write half a page of fluent Urdu.
She completed 13 volumes of her Hindustani Journals, one for each year that she spent in the company of Abdul Karim. Her last entry, two months before her death, was in November 1900. Victoria died in January 1901.
Victoria was given the title of Empress of India in 1876 by her Prime Minister, Benjamin Disraeli. She was delighted with the title and longed to visit India, but the sea journey was too long and she never did. She once wrote that she would give anything to see the Taj Mahal.
She sent artists to India to paint the ordinary people and artisans, so she could understand the real India.
In 1897, the year of her Diamond Jubilee, the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.953272
Retrieved Text: It was a caring scene from episode 16 as the 4th Prince who got injured while saving court lady Hae Soo from King's arrow shooting. Though he dumped her to have the throne but still some where the feeling for Hae Soo was alive that made him save her. We feel really sad for the 4th Prince being injured so was Hae Soo.
She requested Woo Hee for favour to tell Baek Ah she wanted to meet with the 4th Prince. As she was worried for him she put her life on line and leave the palace with out any one notice. She nursed the 4th Prince and put some herbal medicine on his wound.
After getting tired she got sleepy while she was asleep the 4th Prince Wang So wake up. Seeing her there he was surprised that it wasn't his dream but actually Hae Soo was in his room. He wanted to cherish her for all those wounds he gave to her. He stood up and come close to Hae Soo looking at her face he couldn't control over him and wanted to touch her cheeks, Hae Soo was awake. He suddenly out a shield over his feeling and ask what made her come here and she replied she wanted to ask and confirm something.
After getting the permission to ask him something Hae Soo without any fear Hae Soo ask "Did he remember her" for sure he didn't forget her. The 4th Prince was confused he didn't gave any answer, Hae Soo become stubborn as without

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.808163
Retrieved Text: Trixie has decided she wants to give it away to her fans, tweedehands camera geldermalsen so download it here for free. a thousand thieves filmmaker matthu placek’s tempestuous new video for trixie whitley’s soaring ballad a heartbroken but defiant trixie whitley faces a storm of emotions in the video for her new song, “a thousand thieves,” directed by filmmaker matthu placek many of you who loved the beautiful video of « a thousand thieves », created by matthu placek, have been requesting to buy the song. songwriter [all songs written by], arranged by [all songs arranged by] – trixie whitley notes track a recorded and mixed at no fat studio’s nyc, oct 2011 trixie ladies night kinepolis dordrecht whitley – a thousand thieves tabs & lyrics : i never longed for no where no group of a thousand thieves take away the obvious or the soul where i plant my seed but each time, i close my eyes i find myself,. i never longed for no where no vitamine b2 tekort group of a thousand thieves take away the obvious or the soul trixie whitley a thousand thieves where i plant my seed but each time, i close my eyes i find myself, declined by trixie whitley a thousand thieves the judgment val de wanne mountainbike of another day sitting in the silence, in the melody of trixie whitley a thousand thieves the dark he knows that sound is, the harbor of my. i never longed for no where no group of a thousand thieves take

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.759457
Retrieved Text: A need to expand his computer business has Jamieson Millington studying websites and spreadsheets for investment property when he accidentally dials Veronica St. James’ number. The first time he hears her voice, he knows she’s his destiny.
A series of events make Jay wonder why Roni appeared in his life when she did. Devastated that Jay questions her love, Roni tells him they have no possibility of a future together if he doesn’t trust her.
An attempt on Jay’s life brings Roni and Jay back together. They have to stop the assassin, or the dynasties of their wolf packs could be in jeopardy.
He’d heard the phrase “his heart slammed into his throat,” but never truly understood it until now. A vision rounded the hood of a tan sedan. Chin-length, black hair swept back from her face in gentle waves. A long-sleeved, black dress slid over her voluptuous body to her knees. Black heels covered her feet, sheer, black stockings adorned her legs. He had only a moment to admire her cleavage as she draped a black wrap around her arms and tossed one end over the opposite shoulder.
He longed to lick every inch of her ivory skin.
She took two steps before she lifted her head. Eyes widening, she froze. Her lips parted as her gaze passed over him. He couldn’t be sure from twenty-five feet away, but he thought he saw her swallow.
Jay forgot how to talk. He had so many things he wanted to say to her, but the words simply wouldn’t form. Instead, he held out

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.651299
Retrieved Text: For 25 years, Carla* lived a nightmare. At the young age of 5, she was physically and sexually abused. To this day, she can recall vivid details of the trauma she endured at such an early age.
As a young woman, Carla longed to know she was loved, so when a boyfriend promised her the moon, she fell for him head over heels. This boy turned out to be her first human trafficker. He used her drug addiction and emotional vulnerability to gain control over her and exploit her sexually. If he didn’t get his way, he beat her. He took all of her money and even kept her drugged on pain pills by slipping them in her drink or telling her the pills were aspirin.
it. Before we met her, several well-intentioned people had offered to help her but were unable to and were often more harmful than helpful. As a result, it took Carla a while to open up.
After a few days, Carla began to trust us. She heard about options for her future that made her hopeful for the first time in years. Eventually, we helped her get placed in a program in another state for victims of human trafficking where she could heal from the years of trauma she has endured. Even though she is no longer in Central Florida, she keeps in touch regularly and we are happy to continue to give her whatever resources she needs to stay on her path of recovery.
Since the program began, she is doing very well and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.625002
Retrieved Text: Trump departs a press conference before his early exit from the G7 Summit on June 9th.
By Monday morning, the long-anticipated, hastily canceled, and bizarrely rescheduled summit between Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un appeared to have finally transcended from a fate-of-the-world grade diplomatic event to a modern political incarnation of the “Thrilla in Manilla”—an incessantly hyped marketing tentpole between brutish adversaries, all set around the maritime borders of the South China Sea. In truth, the transition had been occurring for days: there was Kim’s hand-delivered missive to Trump; Secretary of State Mike Pompeo’s suggestion that the affair would only last a single day; Trump’s fiery, and disgruntled, and Instagram-shaded appearance at the G7 in Quebec; and his chest-beating protestations of his scant preparation for the meeting (“Just my touch, my feel. That’s what I do,” he said). So by the time that the two world leaders arrived in Singapore, the island nation had taken on the surreal temporary identity normally befitting a prize fight. The joint was teeming with the international press; Trump was ensconced at the Shangri-La; Kim was at the St. Regis; and they were prepared to meet on a resort island that also hosted a Universal Studios. By Monday afternoon, Dennis Rodman was spotted at the airport promoting a cryptocurrency for marijuana. It seemed that only Don King was missing.
And a mere meeting with Trump is a win for the North Korean regime. The Kim dynasty has “longed for what a meeting with the United States—and, in particular, a meeting with the U.S.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.609259
Retrieved Text: Eyes closed she stood silent rocking to and throw .
Under this bridge,damp and bitter her only place to stay.
She longed for a gentle word or loving touch.
Like little fairies they leap and prance.
Laughter and an happy voices, all she hears.
Watches the lights from the house praying never to be found.
Maybe she could of spoken out but she had not dare.
Suddenly she is held in a warm, kind clasp.
She opens her eyes and sees God’s face.
Anywhere Evening News. Christmas Eve 2016 :another drug addict found dead under the the bridge opposite the Ferryman’s Inn.
Willow will be back on the 22nd for her original advent post. In the meantime check out her blog.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.546389
Retrieved Text: Summary: The sight made Fred's heart ache because there was nothing he could do to help her. He had died in a burst of light and sound, and that's why Hermione cried.
Fred stood at the foot of what had once been his and his girlfriends bed. Now just hers. He watched as she rolled toward him in her sleep, and he could see the tears coursing down her freckled cheeks. Large fat tears slid down to dampen her pillow and curly hair as she cried. The sight made Fred's heart ache because there was nothing he could do to help her. He had died in a burst of light and sound, and that's why Hermione cried. He stepped around to the side of bed and sat beside her on the edge. Hermione woke with a broken sob as she woke herself up with the force of her tears. She sat up in the large half empty bed and stared into the black of the room, wiping her tears away. Fred leaned forward and touched his non-corporeal forehead to hers. He whispered, knowing she couldn't hear him, "It's me Mione, I haven't left you. I'm well, I'm fine, I'm here."
Hermione shuffled listlessly down the hall to the kitchen , Fred gliding silently behind her. She turned the kettle on and went to get her cup. Her fingers grazed the handle of Fred's multicolored one as she reached for her plain white one. She bit back a soft cry as she remembered every morning, Fred holding her cup

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.464436
Retrieved Text: Start reading The Life You Longed For: A Novel on your Kindle in under a minute.
"The fear of losing a child is horrifying. The fear of knowing people think you hurt that child is annihilating. In The Life You Longed For, Maribeth Fischer probes the netherworld of Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy in an affecting, startling story. This may be the novel you longed for."
"Maribeth Fischer is as much a scientist as she is a poet: in her heartbreaking exploration of motherhood and the way tragedy can grow out of everyday choices, she analyzes and deduces, layers and uncovers, to teach us things we never knew about the science of love, the biology of betrayal, and the epidemiology of loss."
"A fiery and modern-day version of the witch hunt, The Life You Longed For is the story of how a mother can be accused of the worst offense by any doctor, friend, or neighbor. But this is no dark tale, The Life You Longed For is beautifully written and filled with characters who are fallible, utterly human, and completely compelling. It is a novel brimming with joy, heartbreak, and the power of love."
"Grace is as vigilant, astonishing, and brave as she is exhausted and imperfect. Simply put, she is a mother. In intimate and achingly lyrical language, Maribeth Fischer tackles the question: How do we love in the face of inevitable loss? The answer she gives us is: Fiercely, completely."
"The Life You Longed For moves swiftly and painfully through so many levels of grief, anger, and fright --

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.406464
Retrieved Text: There was once a lonely girl who longed so much for love. One day while she was walking in thewoods she found two starving songbirds. She took them home and put them in a small cage. She cared them with love and the birds grew strong. Every morning they greeted her with awonderful song. The girl felt great love for the birds. One day the girl left the door to the cageopen.The larger and stronger of the two birds flew from the cage. The girl was so frightenedthat he would fly away. As he flew close, she grasped him wildly. Her heart felt glad at hersuccess in capturing him. Suddenly she felt the bird go limp. She opened her hand and staredin horror at the dead bird. Her desperate love had killed him. She noticed the other birdmoving back and forth on the edge of the cage. She could feel his great need for freedom. Heneeded to soar into the clear, blue sky. She lifted him from the cage and tossed him softly intothe air. The bird circled once, twice, three times. The girl watched delightedly at the bird’senjoyment. Her heart was no longer concerned with her loss. She wanted the bird to behappy. Suddenly the bird flew closer and landed softly on her shoulder. It sang the sweetestmelody that she had ever heard. The fastest way to lose love is to hold on it too tight; the bestway to keep love is to give it WINGS!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.395943
Retrieved Text: Product description: Nike Air Zoom Elite 8 Mens Running Shoes Concord Black Photo Blue White, She has already gone home, no one will help you, will a pair of make such as the hand of Ning fat sort full is a scar: he finally could not control own emotion and gave wrote a longed letter in her mailbox and told her in this years much come of various; excitement of notThe future life doesn't drink Meng old woman soup, your big son has been wanting to let you at their nearby.
She has already gone home, no one will help you, will a pair of make such as the hand of Ning fat sort full is a scar: he finally could not control own emotion and gave wrote a longed letter in her mailbox and told her in this years much come of various; excitement of notThe future life doesn't drink Meng old woman soup, your big son has been wanting to let you at their nearby.
Stay calm and collected of ask a way, Lin Kai sees she at bitter bitterness deliberation of time, they are still very intelligent, Fang China slowly vomited, After geNike Air Zoom Elite 8 Mens Running Shoes Concord Black Photo Blue Whitetting off work, Have been looking after with quiet attention after getting married, want that continuing is surging not unique, The elder brother's wife makes you choose again, The outside has already been getting iner confusion at present.
Bury to spend a Tu fiesta in the tears of flower. But isn't what

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.278814
Retrieved Text: Every weekend I plan to post a short one-shot drabble of 1000 words or less written from one word prompts. Most of the stories will probably be Thranduil - Legolas centered but not all of them.
If you want to leave me a word suggestion feel free!! I might not use it right away but im sure i will eventually think of a good story to write for it.
A fluffy one-shot in which Thranduil braids his son's hair. That's it.
The main female character, Ylenia, saves Legolas one day and her life changes completely.
Thranduil has deep feelings for his son.
Whoever said having offspring is a blessing didn't know what they were talking about. And King Thranduil doesn't even begin to be unsettled now, when his own son is such an unmerciful brat.
The woman begins to move towards him, the creatures clearing a path, but her gait is as steady as a newborn foal and she slips to her knees. He moves too, but his stride is not much better and he trips three times in his haste to get to her.
He falls to his knees about three yards away from where she has crumbled, stubborn tears filling his eyes. The woman is panting, her hand stretched out and reaching for him in near desperation. He reaches for her too, the tips of his fingers just brushing hers as he utters one word that had never slipped over his lips. A word that he had longed to say but never dared for fear of being the reason the king

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.264225
Retrieved Text: Georgia O'Keeffe Collection saw the world differently from most people. As a child she roamed the prairie with a sketch pad in her hand, struggling to capture on paper what she saw all around her. At art school she learned to speak in paint on canvas. But Georgia felt confined by city life. She longed for vast expanses of space, and she found it in the red hills and silent deserts of New Mexico.
For more books about women in the arts, visit our Creative Arts section.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.203913
Retrieved Text: Entire plant harmful to touch. See Notes.
Perennial plant, 30.48-127cm (12-50 in) tall. Leaves and stalk covered in stiff, stinging hairs. Leaves are ovaloid, toothed. Flowers are green to yellow in color in clustering branches. Male and female flowers are found on separate branches.
Found in disturbed areas and waste places with moist soils. Ranges throughout most of North America, from Alaska and Laborador southward.
Leaf tea brewed to treat anemia, gout, rheumatism, enlarged spleen, internal bleeding, diarrhea, and dysentery. Leaves have diuretic qualities. Folk medicine states an occasional sting alleviates arthritis.
All parts of Stinging Nettle are painful to the touch and may cause dermatitis. Stinging Nettle affects the white blood cells and aids in coagulation and formation of hemoglobin. Leaves are iron rich. Studies suggest stinging nettle decreases the effects of adrenaline. Germany recently approved the use of roots for prostate cancer, rheumatism, and kidney infection. Russia approved use of leaves in alcohol as treatment for cholecystitis (inflammation of the gallbladder) and hepatitis. Stinging Nettle stings with histamine, acetylcholine, 5-hydroxy-tryptamine, and formic acid.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.147793
Retrieved Text: words. After a time the ladies begged the Prince to relate his adventures,-and he told them of all his sufferings in the desert when he was first transformed. His only comfort had been in visits from the Good Queen, who had at length put him in the way of meeting his brother.
The Queen on her side was feeling very anxious. She had felt sure from the first that her son's pet monkey was no other than Prince Alphege, and she longed to put an end to him. Her sus­picions were confirmed by the Pairy of the Mountain, and she hastened in tears to the King, her son.
The two ladies were at the moment deep in conversation with Prince Alphege, and hearing a knocking so late at night begged him to keep out of sight for a time. "What was their surprise when the door was opened to see the King and his suite.
As she was about to answer Prince Alphege, who had heard all, came forward and said, ' It is from me you must ask an explana­tion, brother.' He spoke with such grace and dignity that every­one gazed at him with mute surprise.
At length the King, recovering from his astonishment at recognis­ing the brother who had been lost some years before, exclaimed, 4 Yes, you are indeed my brother, and now that I have found you, take the throne to which I have no longer a right.' So saying, he respectfully kissed the Prince's hand.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.102543
Retrieved Text: Two days passed. Sharanya’s mother remained beside her while Karthik found himself shunting between both Ananya’s and Sharanya’s hospitals, that were located far from each other. During the nights, her mother and Karthik took turns to stay with her.
The baby was fine but Karthik was miserable for no one other than mothers were allowed inside the NICU. Distraught, thinking of his little one, he couldn’t help feeling sorry for her who remained all alone in the NICU, with neither of her parents around. Will she not feel helpless and scared with several unknown people handling her? Wouldn’t she cry and long for the parents’ touch? Wouldn’t she crave for their hug, care and comfort? All these questions disturbed him as he felt responsible for bringing her into this world and also her current state. Rather, he was feeling responsible for everything connected to Ananya and wanted to immediately begin justifying his roles and responsibilities, with full sincerity and as best as possible.
Tender feelings of fatherhood engulfed him and he desperately longed to see his little one…be near her…touch her and reassure her that all would be well in time. He wanted to say a lot of things to her and, in particularly tell her, that her parents love her a lot and would always remain so and they would never spare any effort or expense for her well-being. He wanted to assure her that they were going to be with her every step of the way and they have promised that to themselves. But saying all

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.975107
Retrieved Text: I Won't Always Be His Everything, But He'll Always Be Mine. One Day, I won't be his everything, but he'll always be mine.
It was late. Almost 9 pm. My darling one year old still wide-eyed and babbling. I began feeling restless.
As I let out a loud huff a small, sweet hand softly grabbed my cheek. A pair of big, beautiful, blue eyes with eyelashes-for-days stared at me in complete admiration. A single tear rolled down my cheek. Followed by another. My heart burst. And, broke at the same time.
I was reminded of something that is so easy to forget as a mom. Moms spend their time wrapped up in taking care of everything. We try to make this crazy life be all put together. Fretting over things that are often out of our control, or not worth the worry. But, with a simple touch I was reminded of why I wanted to be a mommy, this is what I always wanted. I dreamed of having my baby so in love with me, because I am their everything. My heart longed for a child, to cuddle and kiss. I wanted so badly to be a mommy for these moments.
In all my years of waiting for my dream to come true, I never longed for the frustration I put on myself. I never dreamed of the hard moments we all feel. But, I longed so badly for a baby to smother with love. Moments like this, where my little one’s only care in the world is me. Showing

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.975069
Retrieved Text: The sky was like a curtain of silk and tufts of cloud drifted past. Holding a piece of her heart in the form of a letter, Mithila stepped out to meet Ram.
He was already there, waiting. The air around them was pregnant with the smell of baked goodies. She longed for the beach but he had insisted on meeting at the coffee house. So instead, she had written him a letter. She had written how she always wanted to walk in the airy womb of sand and sound. Not just today but also in the twilight years of their lives.
Nervousness was an understatement for someone who had witnessed damaged relationships very early in life. Mithila’s father left her mother when she was just an infant. That day her mother died too. Only her heart kept pumping blood so that she could raise the little girl who was yet to discover the good part of life.
After a few minutes of casual conversation Ram took out a little box and placed it on the table. He opened the box when Mithila felt a little tremor. This is it. The moment she had been both dreading and waiting for. The ring glistened against the dark background of the little box. And then it felt like the solid ground beneath her feet has suddenly been replaced by the golden sands of the beach.
The tremors grew and within minutes the entire coffee house crumbled under the earthquake.
As the shining silver of loose cement blanketed them, she thought about the undelivered letter.
He

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: The word "walk" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: After the blizzard he shoveled the front walk.
Sentence 2: Walking is a healthy form of exercise.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 26.869144
Retrieved Text: I’d stopped running in March when I overdid it and hurt my ankle getting back into running after a couple of months off. It’s time to get going again. I will need the fitness to conquer my biking goal this year (Cycle Greater Yellowstone).
The article suggested, among other things, taking it reeeeal sloooow with a run-walk start and ramping up the proportion of run to walk over time.
I did not bring my phone because I did not want to get discouraged by the slow time I’d register on my running app.
I just ran. And then walked. And ran. And walked.
Today, my quads are surprisingly sore.
I just need to keep at it – pole-pole!
The warm weather we’ve had heated up the ground enough that even though the temps plummeted, the radiant heat melted the snow from underneath. This made for difficult shoveling during our little spring blizzard. The bottom layer of snow was always slush, no matter how many times I went out and re-shoveled.
According to the Internet, a shovelful of snow can weigh anywhere between 5 to 62 pounds. I think my slushy shovelsful were closer to the upper end of that range. With the distance I had to push and hoist all that snow (we have a longish driveway directly next to the house, so we have to push the snow most of the way down the driveway to the front yard), I probably burned about 1,000 calories.
I did not run today. I hoisted.
It was a great workout for my core muscles and arms, and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.383785
Retrieved Text: We’ve shoveled out our sidewalks here in NYC after last weekend’s blizzard, and are happy to share the Storify of tweets from the super-successful (and fun) 3rd annual CUNY Games Festival!
Click here to open the Storify and relive the good times.
If you presented at the conference, please send us a link to your slides! We’ll be posting links on our Schedule page as they come in. And stay tuned for our Proceedings, which will be published soon.
We have decided to cancel the 2nd day of the conference on Saturday due to the rather extreme weather conditions looming (100% chance of blizzard during the event’s time).
Thank you for such an enjoyable and enlightening conference this Friday!
The CUNY Games Festival is nearly here!
We have two days of exciting events this year, including more informal day of game play on Saturday.
Click here: conference schedule to see the amazing side-by-side schedule of events, or here to see the schedule webpage.
Continue on to here: register to get a ticket before they sell out!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.98088
Retrieved Text: That would be, er, me.
I hate nettles. With a passion.
That arm is mine. Despite wearing rubber gloves halfway up my forearms, I got stung. Nettles are vicious, unless nicely tucked up out of the way where no one will be hurt. Even cattle avoid them.
But the worst part of nettles is that where they grow, nothing else can, because they completely take over with their awful sting-y selves and their miles and miles of roots.
When I was a child, there was hardly a single nettle on the lane and on the farm because my grandfather pulled up every one he saw. Now, without his singlemindedness, nettles have a field day (bad joke).
Last summer, I rid the lane of over 6,500 nettles (and yes, I did count). I found it very relaxing and satisfying. I don’t know of anyone else who shares my obsession passion, though please be in touch if you do!
Here’s one of the piles of nettles I amassed, with a six-year-old next to them to give a sense of scale. To give nettles their due, they are useful to a number of butterflies and moths, and have medicinal value, and so are fine in moderation. But when they take over, they squeeze out all the wildflowers, and they must be eradicated.
I hope to help the lane return to its former diversity so that it’s not mostly nettles, goose grass (also called sticky weed) and bracken. Where I clear out the nettles, I’ll be scattering seeds for more local wildflowers which will provide an ecosystem

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.286934
Retrieved Text: It's been almost a month and snow still blocking the sidewalk. What exactly is the story?
Walnut Hill cemetery rear staircase, is never shoveled, never assaulted in currently covered in ice. Could we please get this area salted and shoveled on a regular basis so it is safe to walk?
Could we get this stairwell shoveled and salted which is located in the rear of the wall hill cemetery. Also if it's not asking too much, to ask the crew to do it on a regular basis after every snowstorm?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.979858
Retrieved Text: Rejuvenate and Relax at the Spa – Yours!
There’s nothing like a portable spa (also known as a hot tub) for rejuvenating and relaxing after a busy day or getting ready for a big event — or just anytime!
We are the area’s most experienced spa dealer. And we sell the most reliable and beautiful spas available on the market. We offer the full range of spas from Caldera Spas and Fantasy Spas, two of the finest brands in the industry. They feature a variety of sizes, designs, and features that pamper you with unsurpassed quality and comfort. We look forward to advising you and helping you select the spa that’s best for you.
Caldera Winter Wonderland! Will a hot tub hold up in a winter blizzard? The shoveled path on this deck leads directly to the hot tub — proving what every Caldera spa owner already knows: hot tubbing after a fresh snowfall is one of the best ways to enjoy winter weather.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.229298
Retrieved Text: Are you 30 or more and want to live a healthy lifestyle? Do you wish to lose weight and have a great body? Well, it’s high time that you should think about your body and mind. If you haven’t started exercising yet, your 30s would be the best time to start. Fitness along with proper nutrition is a must to maintain a healthy lifestyle. Physical and mental health improve the overall being of a person. People who are fit are less prone to medical conditions. Complications from chronic diseases can be prevented if the person maintains a healthy lifestyle.
There are several benefits of exercising on a regular basis. Make physical activity a priority, and set reasonable goals when you have made up your mind for working out. Prepare a journal and note down the daily physical activities and track it from time to time.
People who want to start with fitness Fort Lauderdale may need some encouragement and motivation. It can be a good idea to look for an experienced personal trainer to motivate you on a regular basis. Once we start living a healthy lifestyle, we can be a role model for our kids also, and encourage them for some sort of physical activity.
The duration of exercise and physical activity would depend on the capability and fitness goals of an individual. 2-3 hours of weekly physical activity can help you maintain a good healthy body. You can also include walking, swimming, running, or playing sports as a part of your workout routine.
Absolutely. Walking is an easy

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.029821
Retrieved Text: our perfectly imperfect life: This is craziness.
It was 11:30 a.m. on Saturday morning. It had been snowing for more than 24 hours straight. According to the weather forecast, we had another 5 or 6 hours to go. I heard on the news we were supposed to get 2-4 inches in just 90 minutes.
It was coming down hard and fierce.
As of 9:00 p.m. Friday night, we had already shoveled about 8-10 inches from our driveway. By 11:30 a.m. on Saturday morning, we were easily at about 24 inches of snow by now. It is heavy, wet snow. Not exactly the easy shoveling kind.
And my kids were having a blast. Well, my two older kids at least. Nika stayed warm inside with me.
My deck furniture is buried up past the seat. This is craziness.
Final tally ---> 31 inches.
This blizzard has been devastating to many people in our area. Roofs have fallen in. Power has been lost. People are stranded.
Friends of ours lost power on Friday night and they haven't been able to get down their road to get out. The snow is thigh high and there isn't a plow in sight. They are freezing and they don't even have a fireplace to keep warm. After the snow ended last night, I drove over to their road to see how it looked coming from the outside in ... it wasn't pretty.
On my way home, I got to enjoy the sunset. Only here can you enjoy a sunset an hour after a blizzard clears.
It was beautiful. And peaceful.
Yeah, that's just

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.914167
Retrieved Text: Deb's Cup of Tea: Another 10-12 feet. It's hard to tell.
Another morning and I'm outside with the shovel at 9:30. I'm going to get as far as I can before cold or aches get to me. The postman lumbered through yesterday afternoon but I've decided my focus is simply to get the drive open. Once that is done, I can work on other things like shoveling to the front.
I've had exactly one neighbor express concern and a wish to help. Zeke's snow blower died. It was old, he said, and it couldn't handle this much snow. He said his back won't let him shovel. He was going to work on the blower last night and if he could get it running, would be over today to help me. There was no sign of him this morning so I'm guessing the machine has gone to the great parts dump in the sky. I appreciate his expression of concern even if I knew, inside, he wasn't going to be over today.
I can only work for an hour and a half now before my back and upper legs start to ache. Today, however, I found a sock combination that keeps my toes warm which, had my muscles not complained, would have allowed me to keep going longer. In fact, I'm a bit overdressed. I had to take off the heavy gloves and unzip the jacket. I'm wearing the same 2 pairs of pants, tee shirt and sweater I've worn since Wednesday. Why continually change? I don't shower until 5.
Temperatures

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.672272
Retrieved Text: I feel a need to respond to Seattle’s blizzard mania. For an active outdoorsy city nestled between two respectable mountain ranges, the birthplace of legendary mountaineers, it ought to be just a bit embarrassing to be so paralyzed by a few measly inches. Streets aren’t plowed but there’s just an inch or two of hardpack to navigate. Sidewalks aren’t shoveled, but footprints have sufficiently cleared the way. Hills are mostly blown bare, but there is just enough slickness for sledding. And yet schools are closed, and tires are chained, and the city shuts down completely and not actually the day of the storm, but the day after – when skies are blew and winds are calm and it is actually a perfectly idyllic day.
Don’t get me wrong, I am completely in favor of a day free for improvisation, but the conditions just don’t warrant paralysis. A snow day use to be a badge of honor held sacred for only the most gnarly conditions. We didn’t earn this. The dusting doesn’t deserve this. I’ll take it, I just need to go on record as saying that it is, in fact, pathetic. This is not a blizzard. And this is not cold. Blue skies and twenty degrees is damn near ideal in my book. Buck up Seattle.
But if you’re going to give us the day off, what’s the point of calling us back to class tomorrow? Just give us the holiday week, acknowledge your weak spine and take pride in your playful priorities. I can rally behind that

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.657263
Retrieved Text: GET A GRIP — According to Brattleboro Fire Chief David Emery, spot chains are used on plows, rescue vehicles and, as seen here, fire trucks. At the push of a button, the chain is lowered from where it hangs from the under carriage, above, to the ground under the wheel, right.
HEAVY MACHINERY — Most towns use a basic dump truck with a power-driven, tail-end sander and spinner (inset) to spread sand on slick roads. The trucks dump body is raised to let the sand slide into the attached sander.
DIGGING OUT — A path on Main Street is shoveled by hand after the Blizzard of 1888.
ROLL ALONG — The town’s snow blower goes to work on Barrows Road. Brattleboro got its first snow blower in 1947. At right, a double snow roller, made of heavy wooden planks, rolls Main Street. The snow roller turned on an axle and was hitched to a team of horses or oxen with a brace that was also used to clean snow from the roller.
PLOWED OUT — Cars travel on a plowed Main Street in the early 1950s after the roller had been replaced by a snowplow.
PACKED — Horse-drawn sleighs glide along Main Street after a snow roller packed the surface down.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.43963
Retrieved Text: Our Message: Make Walking A Healthy Habit For Life!
In 1996, the Surgeon General recommended that people of all ages should participate in moderate daily physical activity and the national health objective Healthy People 2010 identifies physical activity as one of our nation's leading health indicators. In America today people like to think of themselves as active, robust, and rugged. But in fact, the consequences of a sedentary lifestyle have begun to threaten the decades-long progress that we have made in reducing death and suffering from cardiovascular disease.
Physical Activity and Health, the landmark Surgeon General's report of 1996, identified substantial health benefits of regular participation in physical activity, including reducing the risks of dying prematurely; dying prematurely from heart disease; and developing diabetes, high blood pressure, or colon cancer.
Walking is an aerobic exercise that will condition the heart and lungs. A moderate intensity workout of 30 minutes a day on almost every day can have both short and long term benefits to help lower your risks of heart disease, diabetes, and certain types of cancer. More exciting news is that recent studies have shown that these 30 minutes can be even further reduced to include three 10-minute segments daily.
In West Virginia, 68 percent of the adult population reported little or no physical activity in 1998 and West Virginia ranked third worst among the 50 states for having no leisure-time physical exercise at all. Making walking a healthy habit for life will improve heart, brain, and other body functions at all ages. Successfully communicating this information to communities

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.361034
Retrieved Text: Home / About / News / Can you be 'nudged' into walking more?
Can you be 'nudged' into walking more?
More than 1,000 Victorians have been inspired to ditch their car and walk the short trips they do each day thanks to a pilot program aimed at commuters, families and school children.
The Change to Walking program is a collaboration between VicHealth, Victoria Walks and councils in Bendigo, Darebin, Geelong, Warrnambool and the Yarra Ranges. Incentives such as free public transport, coffee carts and new school drop off zones were used to encourage locals to increase how often they walked.
Participants increased their total physical activity by up to 42%.
Victoria Walks Executive Officer Dr Ben Rossiter said encouraging Victorians to walk more and sit less was critical to improving health outcomes across the State.
“One in five Victorian adults don’t do any form of physical activity during the week, putting themselves at serious risk of chronic disease such as heart disease, cancer and stroke,” Dr Rossiter said.
“Despite being the most accessible form of exercise people are walking less than previous generations.
VicHealth CEO Jerril Rechter said too many Victorians struggled to meet the recommended levels of exercise each week to benefit their health, despite the many proven benefits of regular physical activity.
“You don’t need to spend hours at the gym to stay healthy and active. Walking part or all of the way to the train station or to school instead of driving is an easy way to make exercise part of our daily lives,” Ms Rechter said.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.349525
Retrieved Text: Even for those who haven’t exercised since high school gym class, it’s never too late to start. According to the Arthritis Foundation, it now appears that exercise—specifically, resistance training—actually rejuvenates muscle tissue in healthy, older adults.
Numerous difficulties of aging are linked to an inactive lifestyle. There is no better way to maintain good health in later life than through exercise. Aerobic exercise has consistently shown to lead to a variety of health benefits, including weight reduction, lower blood pressure, lessening of chronic pain and improvement in mood and energy levels. People who perform the least activity now have the most to gain from getting started. Going from sedentary to even mildly active can reduce the risk of dying from heart disease by almost 20 percent.
Before starting an exercise program, a doctor should be consulted. National guidelines from the U.S. Department of Health encourage 150 minutes—or two and a half hours—of aerobic exercise a week. This can include such activities as walking, swimming or cycling. A plan should be created to spend a half hour being active five days a week. Even daily activities like gardening, household chores and walking the dog help the body stay active and healthy.
Seek the help of a fitness expert. There are gyms with specialized senior fitness programs and personal trainers who specialize in working with older adults.
Look for ways to squeeze in fitness whenever and wherever possible. Choose stairs over the elevator, park at the far end of the parking lot, etc.
Warm up before exercise and stretch afterward. Easy walking at

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.174435
Retrieved Text: We're still getting used to the house post-remodeling. The busy wallpaper is gone from the dining room, but now we need to add something to the walls. For now, the tree is standing in well. We picked up our tree Friday night, and set it up Saturday, while the first snow was falling. Even though it snowed all day, there as nothing left on the ground -- just a couple degrees too warm.
The "real" snow started the evening of December 18th and didn't stop until early morning the 20th. The 19th was a very snowy day. Robert and his dad shoveled the walkway, sidewalk and a bit of the driveway three times during the day. We had 15 inches on our backyard table when it was time to head to a surprise birthday party for one of Sarah's Moms Group moms. We had no trouble staying on main roads and decided to walk the last couple of blocks rather than trying the hilly side streets.
This was on our short walk to the Tot Lot. Shortly after this, the snow managed to take Robert's boots off. By the time we got home (about 5 minutes later), as all the snow in his boots melted into his cotton socks, his feet were really cold.
We woke up the morning of Sunday the 20th to 17 and a half inches of snow on our backyard table and a bright, sunny (though still cold) day. Time to head to Castle Roberto (the Masonic Memorial).
...Fort Ivy (named for the strand of Ivy

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.164108
Retrieved Text: Cancer is one of the diseases is still a scourge of. This is because the cancer can progress rapidly and result in death. However, cancer can be prevented, and experts believe the best way to prevent cancer is regular exercise.
Not only keep your body active and healthy, exercise can also keep dangerous diseases. According to experts, there are several specific types of exercise that effectively dispels cancer, including the following.
One of the best exercises to prevent cancer is walking. This is because running can keep the heart and mind of stress. Then walk at least 30 minutes every day.
Jogging or running for 45 minutes is the best way to keep the risk of cancer. Jogging will make the heart beat faster. Generated a lot of sweat after jogging can also help eliminate toxins from the body.
Swimming is a sport that can be done by all ages. Routine swim for one or two hours and was turned into a lifestyle more healthy.
Cycling fresh in the morning is good for the lungs. These activities will clean the lungs and keep him away from cancer.
Taichi is a type of Chinese martial arts that improve health through the incorporation of a slow movement with correct breathing techniques. This sport is good form to prevent cancer.
Climb helps relieve stress and also deadly disease. Routinely perform this exercise keeps the body in the best form and was reluctant to approach the disease. Climbing is one sport that lowers the risk of cancer.
Skate is a cardiovascular workout and can train the muscles in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.131548
Retrieved Text: Dr Oz played a game called “Who Wants To Be a Fit and Healthy Millionaire?” which taught us some of the secret weapons we need to boost our chances of reaching our goal of losing 10% of our body weight.
Doctor Oz’s first question was what is the best form of exercise for making it to your 10% weight loss goal: strength training, rock climbing, speed walking or arm wrestling. The answer is speed walking, which gives you great cardiovascular exercise that increases your heart rate.
Dr Oz’s second question was snacking supports long term weight loss goals, because it reduces this hunger inducing hormone: Leptin, Ghrelin, Epinephirine or Cortisol? The answer came from Dr Michael Roizen in the phone a doc option. He said that Ghrelin is the Gremlin That Causes You To Snack!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.033464
Retrieved Text: The New Haven Independent looks back at the Blizzard of 1888 which dumped 45 inches of snow on the city. Their article illustrates, with photos from the New Haven Museum, the fact that the sidewalks in Downtown New Haven were cleared first after that storm; highlighting the transportation priorities of then versus today.
I find it interesting just on my street alone I had to file a ProvConnex complaint. I had photos – linked them in the complaint. Asked them to contact me. If the snow isn’t cleared from the fronts of the sidewalks on Knight Street by Friday I’m going to call the people at ProJo. I think it might be an interesting story.
I sent a number of reports through the Provconnex website too, and it was ONLY because of the snow the other night (parking ban, my foot! If you can’t do it right the third time…) that my street was re-plowed. I have a neighbor that flatly refused to shovel their corner lot, though their Mercedes was immaculately shoveled out. I sent two complaints in, and it was finally handled. I’m not sure either Provconnex or SeeClickFix do much good where shoveling and plowing are concerned.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.013174
Retrieved Text: Photographs taken the day after the accident revealed that every house on the block had a clean sidewalk except for the defendant's. A Weather Report revealed that the accident occurred three days after a 7 inch snowfall with continuous freezing temperatures since. The defendant argued that the photographs could have been taken in front of other similar houses and that they always maintained clean sidewalks. However, there was no other evidence supporting the property manager's claim that he always promptly shoveled the sidewalk within a few hours of a snowfall. The current owner of the house testified that she bought her house from the defendant and that the photograph's did indeed depict her house and the sidewalk.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.913155
Retrieved Text: Exercise is an essential component for increasing a person's lifespan. Without regular exercise, the human body tends to break down faster than it should. In addition, Exercise helps to build muscle tissue and is a contributing factor in maintaining bone mass; yet, with all the benefits associated with exercise, many patients are left wondering which exercises are the best options for health.
Thirty minutes of brisk walking every day is a great option. Walking is generally an exercise that is low impact, so it should not cause any stress to the joints. Walking will also help to reduce weight. Additionally, walking is a great way to reverse insulin resistance. All these positive benefits from walking add up to help prevent obesity, diabetes, and ultimately heart disease. This is significant because heart disease is the number one cause for premature deaths in the United States; thus, eliminating heart disease with daily exercise will ensure that people who exercise will live much longer than those who do not.
Another form of exercise that can help patients to live longer is called interval training. Interval training involves 30 seconds of very rigorous exercise followed by 90 seconds of rest. This two minute interval is then repeated three to eight times. The number of intervals a person will be able to do will depend on how much time they spend pushing themselves to reach that next level. Since the 30 second phase of the workout is very fast and rigorous, this type of exercise regimen is well known to reverse insulin resistance

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.716017
Retrieved Text: Since blogging, I have made no attempt to hide that I hate exercise and love chocolate. Kind of a bad combination if you want to be a healthy in any way, shape or form. Recently though, I have realised how important it is to stay healthy. Of course, this is through a combination of health and fitness bloggers who make me feel guilty, and actually using the free gym membership at uni!
Exercise – getting exercise does not mean sweating it in the gym for hours on end everyday. Half an hour of exercise each day is fine to get your muscles moving and heart pumping.
Walking – do not underestimate walking as a form of exercise. As a student, I walk pretty much everywhere, and I am really starting to notice the difference.
Food – becoming healthier does not suddenly mean an extreme diet with no carbs, sugars or fats. If you did do that, you would barely have any energy to move. We all need a bit of everything in a balanced diet, just in moderation.
Cooking – cooking can often be a tough bit. The temptation to stick some chicken nuggets and chips in the oven is always there for me as a student (it still happens sometimes), but if you plan ahead, you can make freezer meals with your protein and veg all in one.
Treat yourself – Always make sure you reward yourself, whether that is with a pudding on the weekend, or a nice warm bubble bath. It is those little incentives that help you

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.715303
Retrieved Text: Let’s be real and honest. No matter how much of a fitness addict you are, there are some days when you don’t just feel it. But you can’t stop! Using one will make you feel like you’re in healthy competition – except here, you’re competing against yourself. Don’t break the good habit that you’ve started. Remember, it’s more than just looking good. It’s about feeling good – and being healthy as well. When you’re aware of your progress, you’ll feel good about yourself and the effort that you’re putting in. Your pedometer will help you track the 10,000 steps that you have to achieve in a day.
It Makes You Do The Easiest Exercise – Walking!
Don’t you love that, even a simple task like walking can help you achieve your fitness goals? Your simple pedometer allows you to do – and enjoy just that! You can be walking your dogs, on your grocery run, shopping, whatever it is your pedometer can track all the walking. This device can help you get addicted to walking, as you would always strive harder for your statistics to go higher each day – until you finally reach that goal.
A pedometer will show you ACTUAL data and statistics as to how active you were during the day, how many steps you’ve taken or how far you’ve walked. Some days we’re fooled into believing that we’ve been quite active that day, but in reality, we haven’t. Because your pedometer will show you if you’ve progressed (or regressed), you’ll know if you’ll have to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.710812
Retrieved Text: Last Saturday was a busy day. Dad took me to swim lessons and built me a fort when we got home. I zonked out under the fort right away, before I even had time to eat lunch. I think I was still getting over my bit of the flu.
That afternoon, Dad deconstructed my crib and put together...wait for it...wait for it....my new QUEEN SIZED BED! I am 2 1/2 after all, so it's about time.
I love it! I slept in it for the first time Saturday night, February 16th and I did really well. I went to bed as usual about 8:30, woke with a dry diaper around 5am and yelled to go potty and then went back to sleep until 8am! I did however wake with some crazy bed head. Mom and dad love the bed too because they can climb in with me and read me stories and snuggle before I go to sleep.
Some other fun happenings for the week...Sunday we headed out to see BobBob and Ta, I got a new Curious George Bingo game, I got to be lazy on the couch, and had watermelon slushes.
Wednesday night, mom snuck in and took a couple picks of me before she headed to bed. She thought the monkey sleeping on my chest was pretty cute.
The big blizzard hit on Thursday, 2/21. I got the day off from school and both mom and dad stayed home to entertain me. It was so bad dad shoveled the driveway twice! We spent most of the day in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.659712
Retrieved Text: Group fitness classes are a fun and affordable way to incorporate a variety of exercises into your daily routine.
Why Fit Form Mat classes?
is a modern exercise modality designed to stimulate healthy movement patterns. The exercise positions reset muscle-skeletal dysfunction (i.e. poor posture, back discomfort, hip issues, etc.). This workout significantly reduces the damage created by our modern technical world. The practice of Foundation Training enables the body to revive healthy movement; there by dissipating muscle-skeletal discomforts that plague our contemporary culture.
Practitioners find enhanced performance, moving with greater efficiency and ease. Foundation Training augments other workouts by resetting your posture and enhancing ideal movement patterns. Check out this video to see the exercises in action.
works the “powerhouse”, the deep muscles of the torso to achieve efficient quality of movement and improve posture. The Mat is done primarily on your back or abdominals with some movements in a side-lying and standing position. With this NO impact workout—Pilates balances your body, builds strong lean muscle and increases mobility and flexibility. Light equipment such as weights, Power Circles, Flex-Bands, Mini Stability Balls, and Pinky Balls may be included in your workout to increase challenge and mix up your routine. Mats and all equipment are provided. Check out this YouTube link for an Essential Pilates Mat work out with Melinda.
is the ultimate cardio-respiratory experience. The aerobic exercise is great for people who are looking for a smart physical activity with maximum health benefits. Nordic walking is more than just walking with poles. When you walk normally and carry poles with you,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.612358
Retrieved Text: Steven J. Fuchs exhibition, Glen Echo Suite, is installed upstairs at Gallery K. I confess to a certain early hesitancy regarding his workits dominate artistic function is that of illustrationyet it is much more than that! And most of my reservations evaporated as I fully explored how much further the work really goes.
In "Pop Corn," with its skewed, cinematic perspective or the Mechanical Laughing Lady," with its guarded, sinister gauntlet, that "otherness" is a mysterious, looming thing hiding in the humidity within the scene. In "Blizzard of 1996" it takes a more surreal and humorous twist, as if Glen Echo has been blanketed by a berserk cotton candy machine. While we mere mortals shoveled our way to the street, the ghosts in the park ate their way through to the bumper cars. Most of the work has the same seductive presence; as if we were seeing individual cells from an animated feature yet to be released.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.611116
Retrieved Text: Here in Charlotte, N.C., we have spent the last three wintry days blanketed in snow.
Now, this blizzard was serious business, and I don't want to minimize that fact, or romanticize the damage caused by the storm.
The blizzard struck the North East U.S. on February 6 and February 7th, 1978, and did more than 500 million dollars worth of property damage. There were over one hundred fatalities, too, and nearly 5,000 injuries.
Make no mistake: the Blizzard of '78 was a big deal. The headline at the top of this post describes "winter's fury."
In my neck of the woods -- Glen Ridge, NJ -- however, the blizzard was a cause for joy for eight year olds like me.
Our front yard, on Clinton Road, was covered in snow several feet high. I remember my father shoveling snow from the front walk, into our yard, so that the snow accumulation would be even higher.
And then he dug out several holes and tunnels, so that my sister and I had a multi-room igloo right beyond our front porch.
The igloo was big too. I remember that you could crawl from a main room to a network of tunnels with at least three other rooms. Our next door neighbor and friend, Jeannie, had a room to herself. My sister had a room. And I had a room. Our beloved family cat, Penny -- a long-haired calico -- would even spend time inside the igloo with us.
As a kid, I was utterly oblivious to the fact that such weather could be destructive. For me,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.575102
Retrieved Text: Exercise has some robust stress-reducing benefits. According to the Mayo Clinic, an average healthy adult should be performing moderate aerobic activity (i.e. brisk walking or swimming) for at least 150 minutes per week (which averages out to about 22 minutes per day), and then progress to more vigorous activity as one becomes more fit. According to a recent JobsInDE.com poll, more than 80 percent of our respondents participated in some form of exercise the previous day, with about half meeting the recommended daily amount.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.522184
Retrieved Text: Creating an exercise program that does not feel like a chore is a difficult task. Walking on a treadmill or spending half an hour on a stair-climber can feel like a boring routine. Outdoor exercise has many benefits for the body including adding a little change to dull routine.
There are many ways to include outdoor exercise into your routine. Walking to work or to school is a terrific way to burn calories. If work is too far away to walk, driving to a location near work and walking from there is always an option. Jogging or walking in a park near home is a great way to explore nature. Recent studies have shown that time spent outdoors, especially in forest areas, can actually elevate mood and decrease depression symptoms. Exposure to fresh air and nature can have a positive effect on a person’s mood.
Exercising does not have to mean running around a park or trail. Walking the dog for a few blocks in the neighborhood is a great way to meet neighbors and get exercise. Stopping to talk to people encountered along the way also has a positive effect on mood. Spending time with a favorite pet creates a type of exercise that a person can look forward to accomplishing.
There are many other types of exercise that can be enjoyed outdoors. These include sports like golf or soccer, hockey, skiing and hiking. No matter what the weather or climate of an area, there are outdoor activities that can provide excellent exercise. Hiking, especially in mountainous areas,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.467
Retrieved Text: You need to consume a healthy diet. It has been observed that many people who don’t keep a check on their eating habits are more prone to obesity. You may consult with a dietician or do your own research to make a healthy diet plan. Improve your protein intake because a protein-rich diet helps boost metabolism and reduces your appetite to a great extent.
Try to avoid all processed foods because they are high in added fats, sugars and calories, which can lead to obesity. These foods are designed in a specific way to increase your appetite.
You can also try products like Cholesterade to improve your cholesterol. Cholestrade is a 100% safe, GMO-free product bringing you lots of excellent health benefits.
You need to get yourself involved in physical activities as much as possible. Never start your day without exercise. Not only does exercise keep you in form, but also keeps your mind healthy. If your body is of bulky size, you may start with a light jogging or walking. When you exercise, your body starts burning extra fats and calories.
How you look at this? Want to add your thoughts to this story? Please feel free and don’t hesitate to let us know your feedback, using the comment section below.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.4658
Retrieved Text: Many of us want a quick weight loss but, sadly, that often leads to trying cult diets and ultimately putting on a couple of pounds more. We have to acknowledge that extra weight is usually a result of poor eating habits and lack of exercise and that lasting weight loss is a slow process which involves changing our food habits and enhancing metabolism through regular exercise.
Exercise also helps burn calories and maintains lean muscles when we are on a diet. With only 30 minutes of exercise 3 days a week we can lose up to a pound of fat a month. Eating a healthy diet can produce even better results. The most effective approach is to mingle weight training with an aerobic-type exercise and stretching.
We should go to the gym regularly at least thrice a week for half an hour for weight training. A personal trainer would be even more helpful as he or she will be able to guide as properly without the risk of injury, especially if we have not exercised before. We should not d weight everyday and give some amount of rest to our muscles.
There are various types of workout which we can choose from ad then accordingly indulge in them for better results. Brisk walking is considered by far the best exercise in this planet. We need not pay anything for it; all we need is a good pair of shoes and a park where we can walk at our desired speed. Walking, running, jogging all these is very good in

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.425755
Retrieved Text: Home // Blog » Walking Just Got Better!
Good News: You’re probably burning more calories walking than you thought you were.
A new study done at Southern Methodist University in Dallas investigated the accuracy of these leading equations. Researchers found that under level ground conditions, the equations predicted too few calories burned in 97% of cases tested. The research showed that while walking, bigger people burned fewer calories on a per pound basis. While they may burn more overall calories, the calories burned per pound was less than it was for smaller individuals. This led to routinely underestimating the calories burned while walking.
The new predictive equation developed by SMU accounts for the influence of body size and used a much larger sample size to help make the predictions more accurate. In fact, SMU’s new equation is four times more accurate for both adults and children, and about two to three times more accurate for adults only. The new equation is designed to accurately predict energy expenditure from walking regardless of the height, weight, or speed of the walker. More research is being done to predict energy expenditure while walking uphill, downhill, or carrying a load.
While the main purpose of SMU’s study is to help the military with decision-aid tools for their foot soldiers, it should come as good news for those who walk as a form of exercise. The walking you do may very well be better for you than you thought, at least in terms of burning calories. If you count the calories you burn while walking,

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: The word "average" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: If you average 10, 20 and 24, you get 18.
Sentence 2: The number of hours I work per work averages out to 40.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.98642
Retrieved Text: In an era where the standard work-week is 40 hours, 8 hours a day, Monday through Friday (in theory), we all send out a solid hail to Friday when it’s time for the weekend.
But who was the genius that decided the 5 day grind was the American ideal?
As it turns out, it’s more ideal then the workweeks of previous eras.
Can you imagine working a 30-hour week – not because your working hours were cut, but because it was the standard of the country? It’s something many workers have dreamed of but simply assume it’s not a possibility. But in actuality, there was a time around the Great Depression that the government actually fought for a work week of this length.
This makes you wonder just how many hours we should be working to have an effective day, especially when some other countries working shorter days and weeks? The history of the 40-hour work week is an interesting one, especially when it comes to its economic impact.
The standard work week has an interesting past. If you work from a time-line point of view, you will see that the work week fluctuated substantially throughout history. For instance, in the 4th century A.D., the Roman Empire had a whopping 175 holidays in a year, something workers of today would love.
As time moved on, the work schedules actually increased a bit, especially in the United States. In around the year 1800, a 14-hour work day was customary in the U.S. for men, women and children. This was largely due to the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.808102
Retrieved Text: What is the average of 18 24 and 18?
The average of the three numbers is therefore 20.
What are the common factors of 18 and 24?
The factors of 18 are 1, 2, 3, 6, 9, and 18. The factors of 24 are 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, and 24. The common factors are 1, 2, 3, and 6. The greatest common factor is 6.
Factors of 18 and 24?
The factors of 18 are 1, 2, 3, 6, 9, and 18. The prime factors are 2, 3, 3. . The factors of 24 are 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, and 24. The prime factors are 2, 2, 2, 3. . The common factors of 18 and 24 are 1, 2, 3, and 6, and the GCF is 6.
What are the factors of 18 and 24?
2, 3, and 6 are factors common to 18 and 24.. The factors of 18 are 1, 2, 3, 6, 9, and 18. The prime factors are 2, 3, 3. . The factors of 24 are 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, and 24. The prime factors are 2, 2, 2, 3. . The common factors of 18 and 24 are 1, 2, 3, and 6, and the GCF is 6.
What is the average of 12 18 and 0?
What is the average of 10 14 and 18?
10+14+18=42 which is divided by 3 because there is 3 numbers and the average is 14! easy!
Mean median mode and range of 18 18 15 18 18 24 21 21 24 14?
LCM of 18

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.379795
Retrieved Text: CNC routers can be purchased for varying amounts and the price varies with quality of the machine and the software that runs it. Needless to say many within our own organization were hesitant about the purchase of a CNC machine. c programming language book by dennis ritchie pdf Disclaimer: The above cost analysis uses data based on industry averages and typical manufacturing practices, and should therefore be viewed only as a guide.
the information would apply to all CNC machines but the focus here is on what are typically referred to as CNC Routers. If you�re a novice, then whether you�re looking at a CNC for a new hobby, to start gta v strategy guide pdf download For this purpose, machine cost is the hourly rate a company pays to use the machine (not the cost your company charges for the machine�s use). At the very least, it is the monthly payment a company makes (loan/lease) divided by the number of hours per month the machine is in use.
Analysis of Energy Consumption in CNC Machining Centers and Determination of Optimal Cutting Conditions 229 case of a linear electrical motor, i q_rms (t) is the quadrature current (rms value) [A rms ] and R : P ; is the axis velocity [m/s].
remain S.N.DAGA?CNC Retrofitting of conventional machines, a cost effective approach for small scale manufacturers?, Vision 1994-95, Indian Institute of Industrial Engineers.
And you have the machine doing production work about 6 hours a day, 5 days a week. Paying off the loan costs about $4.50 per hour. The

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.930796
Retrieved Text: How do I become a Precinct Committeeman? What are the responsibilities of being a Precinct Committeeman? How much work is involved?
Precinct Committeemen are elected to a two-year term in each even-year primary election.
In order to run for election to the post of Precinct Committeeman, you must circulate a petition and obtain at least 10 valid signatures from eligible electors in your home precinct. If elected, you will serve a two-year term. Vacancies may also be filled by appointment from the County Chair.
If elected, you will represent the Democrats in your precinct at the biennial County Convention to elect the county party’s Chair and executive officers. You will be casting a weighted vote, based on the number of Democratic ballots cast in your precinct in the primary election.
Attend Democratic Central Committee meetings.
Become a voter registrar and recruit new voters.
Appoint and fill vacancies of election judges for your precinct's polling location.
Circulate petitions for candidates prior to the primary.
Canvass your precinct in support of our candidates.
Promote early voting and absentee voting.
Recruit poll watchers for election day and early voting.
Identify potential financial supporters and new party members.
Be an advocate for the interests of the voters in your precinct.
Most local Precinct Committeemen devote about 5-6 hours per month to party activities (including attending meetings). During the last few months before an election, many Committeemen will work a lot more hours, but there is no minimum requirement. We expect only what you can give. Ideally, a Committeeman would canvass their home precinct at least twice over a six-month period during campaign season.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.808044
Retrieved Text: Experience with location Fernandina Beach, FL was positive.
Experience with employer Sliders Seaside Grill was positive.
Hourly: $ 5 Number of hours per week : 40 Average tip ( weekly ) : 150$ ( per day ) I worked at the position server . The restaurant is located on the beach . The island is full of tourists during the season , so the restaurant works well . I was at practice , so it 's my job servers fit , I really liked the contact with people .
This review represents personal opinion of Teodora Macakanja who was participating Work & Travel program in year of 2015 with agency Work & Travel Group, working at Sliders Seaside Grill in Fernandina Beach, FL.
Hours 5 $ Number of hours per week : 40 Average tip ( week) : 500 $ I worked as a waiter . I had never worked as a waiter, so I had a training the first few days.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.512207
Retrieved Text: What does full-time and full-time equivalent mean?
For the purposes of the Affordable Care Act, employers need to average their number of employees across the months in the year to see whether they are considered an applicable large employer (ALE). An employer needs to have at least 50 full-time or full-time equivalent employees, on average during the prior year, to be considered an ALE for the current calendar year.
Full-time employee. A full-time employee is any employee that averages 30 hours of service per week during a calendar month, or at least 130 hours of service during the calendar month.
Full-time equivalent employees (FTE). In general, all employees of an employer are taken into account when determining FTEs, including employees who are terminated. FTEs are determined by combining the hours of service of all non-full-time employees for the month—but do not include more than 120 hours of service per employee—and divide by 120.
Example: Ministry X has 40 full-time employees and 20 part-time employees that each work 60 hours per month.
Calculate total of FTE employees for each month.
Ministry X has 10 FTE employees each month.
Calculate total combined full-time and FTE employees for a year.
Ministry X has 50 combined full-time and FTE employees.
Although Ministry X only has 40 full-time employees, it is considered an ALE for 2016 when the hours of its full-time employees are combined with its part-time employees.
The IRS offers additional clarification to help determine who is a full-time employee, including what counts as hours of service.
Contact your ministry’s legal or tax advisors and medical insurance provider for additional

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.360905
Retrieved Text: A quick way to obtain a basic report card on your practice can be found by calculating the full-time equivalent (FTE) number of optometrists and staff members and then expressing those values in relation to financial production. I use the FTE numbers to get a rough idea if a practice is producing a high level of revenue (total sales) and also to determine if it has the correct number of employees. It’s really easy, so take a minute and do some rough calculations for your practice.
Full-time equivalence is simply a way to count the number of workers in an organization even when some are full-time and some are part-time. We use a 40 hour work week as the standard for full-time status, even though the legal definition may vary on that. Another way to look at full-time is five days of work per week at eight hours each day.
As an example, let’s determine how many FTE staff members you have working in your office by adding up the typical hours per week each person works. This includes all employees who are not doctors. Let’s suppose you have four full-time staff members and three part-time. The full-timers work 40 hour weeks, two part-timers work 15 hours per week and the third part-timer works 20 hours per week. The total hours for all seven employees is 170. Divide this weekly hour total by 40 hours and we get an FTE of 4.25. This means that this practice has 4.25 full-time employees.
A practice with five optometrists, with each one

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.02378
Retrieved Text: Your workweek has a drop-off point where an additional hour of work no longer equals an extra hour of productivity.
While I was working on the book Wellbeing: The Five Essential Elements with my friend Jim Harter, we explored the effect of hours worked, based on whether an employee had a chance to use his or her strengths every day. While there is more detail in the book’s opening chapter, the important learning for me was that the number of hours we can work productively varies greatly based on whether we have a chance to use our strengths or not.
If you don’t get to use your strengths in your work, productivity is likely to drop-off after 20 hours of work per week.
If you do get to use your strengths, chances are you can work at least 40 hours a week before there is a major drop-off in productivity.
Think about this for a moment. Many of us are going to be at work for at least 40 hours a week. If you are not in a job that allows you to use your strengths, you start to burnout after just 20 hours. But if you can find a way to use your strengths every day, it could double the number of high-quality work hours you have per week.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.007671
Retrieved Text: Working more than 40 hours a week could mean serious health problems for women, like higher chances of cancer or heart diseases, a new study claims. The effect on men’s health appears to be quite the opposite, though.
Scientists from the Ohio State University analyzed interviews by a little less than 7,500 people given to the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth over 32 years (in between 1978 and 2009) to come to their conclusions.
They were in particular looking into their answers on average weekly working hours as well as diseases, particularly these eight: heart condition, non-skin cancer, arthritis, diabetes, chronic lung disease, asthma, chronic depression, and hypertension.
The results of the analysis were published in the Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine.
The negative effects can go unnoticed first, however, if a woman spends more than 40 hours per week at work, she already starts putting her health at risk, the scientists say. It significantly increases with more than 50-hour workweek. When the number of hours spent at work averages 60 hours or more, the risk of diabetes, cancer, heart diseases and arthritis grows threefold.
“People don’t think that much about how their early work experiences affect them down the road,” Allard Dembe, professor of health services management and policy and lead author of the study, said as cited by ScienceDaily.
“Women in their 20s, 30s and 40s are setting themselves up for problems later in life,” he added.
Interestingly enough, men also working longer hours (41 to 50 hours weekly) were found more prone to only one disease – arthritis. Their

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.784817
Retrieved Text: I'm a CFI/CFII/MEI and found this interesting. I took one of those personality tests to find my "perfect career" and under "Flight Instructor" it listed the salary between $67,000 and $80,000 per year.
Now, maybe I'm the only one, but I'm not making anywhere near that amount, nor do I know of anyone who is. Are any of you making that as instructors? If you are, I wanna know where you work.
On a side note, they were reporting airline pilot salaries to be between $57,000 and $76,000 per year. Since when do you earn more as a flight instructor than you do working for the majors?
well, they probably base that on the fact that we charge $40/hour. But don't figure in that most schools will only give you $10 out of the $40. They also probably assume you work a full 8 hours per day.
At 40/hour and 8 hours per day that equals 320 per day. At a week thats 1600. Per month, 6400, and per year, $76,800. I am able to charge and keep what I make and I still don't come any where close to that number. I'm probably around half that.
$40/Hour for flight instruction is relatively steep too. And the instructors only getting $10 of it? That is sadly ridiculous!
$40 is going rate in this area. The place I used to work charged up to $50/hr. for certain types of instruction (HP/complex/instrument). Of course, we only saw about $15 of that....lovely, isn't it?
DCA charges 54hr and they only pay $10 hr to the CFI.
$40-50

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.781788
Retrieved Text: If you are associated with Checotah Manor , click the Claim Listing button to contact a representative about a free listing with our referral program.
Checotah Manor is an average sized, for profit, nursing home with 82 beds based in Checotah, OK. At last check, the facility had 40 residents indicating that it is 49% occupied which is less than average within the state of Oklahoma. The provider accepts both medicare and medicaid programs, and provides resident counseling services.
This nursing home is not located in a hospital or a continuing care retirement community (CCRC). As of November 2012, the medicare rating for Checotah Manor, was 1 star, which is a lower rating than 78% of nursing homes in Oklahoma. Important to note that this facility has recently detriorated and has gone from 2 stars to 1 stars.
We have compared the detailed Medicare data for Checotah Manor with other senior care providers in Oklahoma. When compare to the state averages for staffing, the number of registered nurse (RN) hours per resident per day is about average; Certified nursing assistant (CNA) hours per resident per day is about average; The number of licensed practical (LPN) or vocational nurse hours per resident per day is about average. The most recent health inspection was on 11/16/2011.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.760004
Retrieved Text: This includes all clothing, outerwear, shoes/boots, pajamas, undergarments, diapers, accessories, etc. If you put it on your body, it needs to fit in one of your 8/10 bins.
Bins need to be reasonably sized. Think of a bin that you can easily carry, that would fit two adult sleeping bags rolled, a king-size comforter, or a bundle of wood- you get the idea. This should be 18-20 gallon capacity on average. NOT to exceed 24 Gallon!
Larger bins (over 25-gallon, trunk sized, typically on wheels, or require- two people to carry) will be counted as 2 bins towards your 8/10-bin total.
This includes: gear, furniture, toys, baby feeding, sports equipment, books, games etc.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.51078
Retrieved Text: Pay for Employees Performing More than One Job Q&A If you have employees who want to work additional jobs for extra pay, you need to make sure you are paying them properly. Nonexempt employees may be owed overtime, while exempt employees generally can be paid the extra compensation without affecting their exempt status.
If you have employees who want to work additional jobs for extra pay, you need to make sure you are paying them properly. Nonexempt employees may be owed overtime, while exempt employees generally can be paid the extra compensation without affecting their exempt status.
Q: We have several employees who have expressed interest in working second jobs in our organization to help out during the busy holiday season so they can earn extra compensation. How will this extra work affect their pay and will it affect nonexempt and exempt employees differently?
A: Generally, you can allow both exempt and nonexempt employees to work second jobs for extra compensation. But, you may have to pay overtime to the nonexempt employees and should watch how much time exempt employees spend on nonexempt duties to ensure their exempt status is not affected.
Regarding nonexempt employees, if the employees work more than 40 hours in a single workweek performing two different jobs for your organization, they should be paid overtime for those hours over 40. Calculating the overtime can be a little tricky when an employee works two or more jobs for which the employee is paid different hourly rates since overtime must be based on the employee’s “regular rate of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.424461
Retrieved Text: Once your visa application has been approved, you should check your visa conditions to know the number of hours that you (and your family members) can work while you are studying in Australia. Remember, you must comply with the state and territory laws of Australia.
Your application was approved based on your declaration that you have sufficient funds to cover your and your accompanying family members' living and tuition expenses in Australia. Therefore, the Australian government will be expecting you not to rely on work to support yourself or your family while living in the country.
Generally, you cannot work until you have commenced your course in Australia. Once your course has commenced you are permitted to work a maximum of 40 hours per fortnight when your course is in session, and unlimited hours when your course is not in session.
In the fortnight comprising weeks one and two above (40 hours worked in that 14 day period) or in the fortnight comprising weeks three and four above (35 hours worked in that 14 day period), the work condition is not breached. However, the student visa holder has breached their work condition in the fortnight comprising weeks two and three above (50 hours worked in that 14 day period).
Important Tip: Your visa may be cancelled if you are discovered to have violated your work conditions.
Important Tip: You must obtain a Tax File Number to be able to work in Australia. This is available from the Australian Tax Office.
Work that is a formal registered part of your course is not

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.236862
Retrieved Text: At Community Crops, we set the required number of hours for full-time benefits at 30. One employee had requested this. She was a single mother who had her own small business and was active in the community, so she wanted to have extra time for those activities. I also was originally hired as an executive director at 32 hours per week due to budgetary constraints. Both my co-worker and I found that working 30-32 hours per week meant that our work hours were just that, work hours. While we were on the job, we focused on our work, and outside tasks were set aside for non-work hours. I was much more productive than when I was expected to put in 40 hours per week. At 40 hours, there are times when I just need a break. It felt at times like I was in the office to just be there, but I was no longer doing useful work. I am sure you’ve had those moments when you are waiting for the day to end, as well.
It is important to define what “full-time” means in your employee manual, so it is clear at what level employees get benefits, and to follow this guidance consistently, but you have the latitude to decide what the number of hours is. You can even decide to offer overtime beginning at 32 hours if you want.
Another option is to offer a four day work week with nine or ten hour days. I talked to a nonprofit executive director recently who shifted her

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.210917
Retrieved Text: Standard deductions affect your take home pay.
1 Can the Government Garnish Part-Time Jobs?
In 1938, Franklin Roosevelt signed the minimum wage into law to keep the nation out of poverty. This rate increases periodically to reflect the current cost of living. Employers offering jobs with few skill requirements often pay workers at the current wage rate. The amount of money you can make from a minimum wage position depends on a variety of factors.
As of May 2013, the Federal minimum wage rate per hour is $7.25. A person working fulltime at this rate through the year will earn $15,080 before taxes. However, this rate is not applied nationwide. Each state can adopt the federal wage or create its own. Depending on your location, the minimum hourly rate at your job may be higher or lower than the federal rate. For instance, the minimum hourly pay in California is $8 while it is $5.15 in Georgia.
Employers deduct state and federal taxes from an employee’s wage each pay period. Your take home pay will be reduced by the amount your employer must deduct, which depends on the number of exemptions you claim. Your take-home pay is higher with a higher number of claims, and lower with lower claims. It’s important to claim an appropriate number of exemptions to avoid owing the government money at tax time. Independent contractors are responsible for making their own tax payments, for the most part, and receive the full amount for the hours they work each pay period.
Your work schedule also determines what you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.190203
Retrieved Text: The price you found is 24% lower than this hotel's average rate of US$ 251/night.
The price you found is 24% lower than this hotel's average rate of US$ 195/night.
The price you found is 20% lower than this hotel's average rate of US$ 264/night.
The price you found is 12% lower than this hotel's average rate of US$ 187/night.
The price you found is 12% lower than this hotel's average rate of US$ 189/night.
The price you found is 34% lower than this hotel's average rate of US$ 136/night.
The price you found is 18% lower than this hotel's average rate of US$ 182/night.
The price you found is 21% lower than this hotel's average rate of US$ 146/night.
The price you found is 10% lower than this hotel's average rate of US$ 189/night.
The price you found is 10% lower than this hotel's average rate of US$ 718/night.
The price you found is 21% lower than this hotel's average rate of US$ 156/night.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.173906
Retrieved Text: A common social media gripe when news organisations report on job numbers is that the figures are inflated because people who work for one hour a week are counted as employed. They are counted as employed, but there have never seemed to be many such people. For example, Australian Bureau of Statistics figures showed that in the year to December, part-time workers averaged 16.6 hours of work per week in Tasmania and 16.9 hours nationally. With people working 35 hours or fewer per week counted as part-timers, those averages would not suggest a large number of people working one hour a week. The ABS made that more clear on Thursday, with a report about how many Australians worked one hour per week. It said about one employed person per 1000 worked one hour a week in 2018. If the same rate applied in Tasmania, there would be about 250 Tasmanians working an hour a week, based on the ABS' trend terms estimate that the state had 248,100 employed people in December. The ABS found 97 of every 100 employed Australians usually worked for seven hours or more per week. ABS chief economist Bruce Hockman said one hour per week might seem to be a low threshold, but it was important in counting everyone involved in production activities in the economy. "It is a measure of who is employed, not how fully employed people are, which is covered by other measures," he said. "While public attention may be focused on employment and unemployment, these two statistics alone

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.169096
Retrieved Text: Click on a link or scroll down the page!
What I can do! What I have done!
What will it cost? The Contract!
Here's a brief list of what I can do for you!
for albums, dating websites, social media, etc.
saving client time, money, and a trip to the garage!
whereas others either tried and failed, or created more problems!"
"Steve is my computer guru, webmaster, and car maintenance guy!
He can do just about anything!
He is quick, efficient and a most reliable technician!
I recommend him to everyone who needs computer assistance!"
both in sweat and creativity, he puts into it.
that he is not capable of doing and willing to accomplish."
and followed-up afterward to make sure all systems were go!"
I want to make my clients happy!
but you agree not to sue me for ANY reason.
TALK to me about it . . . don't sue!
The contract shall remain in force permanently.
I will bring the form for you to sign upon my first visit to your home or business.
and the length of time required to do it.
and I will not take on any job requiring such.
* Most PC repair work costs $50 (that's for 3 hours' work, not per hour!).
* Typing and Proofreading costs $5 per page.
* Photo restoration minimum is $20 and depends on the extent of the work required.
* Automobile maintenance check: $20.
My prices haven't changed in over a decade!
on most work subject to disclaimers, below.
(sorry, no Paypal credit card payments).
or if referred by an existing client.
due to type, size, complexity, and/or number of project(s) involved.
due to the conditions listed above.
- Price does not

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.146658
Retrieved Text: Expect 40°C daytime maximum temperatures in the shade with on average 9 hours of sunshine per day in Chad in April. Check more long-term weather averages for Chad in April before you book your next holiday to Chad in 2019/2020. The April weather averages shown above are for N'Djamena.
The April weather guide for Chad, represented by N'Djamena, shows long term weather averages processed from data supplied by CRU (University of East Anglia), the Met Office & the Netherlands Meteorological Institute. Find out more about our data sources.
The average maximum daytime temperature in Chad in April is a very hot 40°C (104°F) with extreme heat & humidity. The average night-time temperature is usually a warm 25°C (77°F). There are usually 9 hours of bright sunshine each day, which represents 73% of the 12 hours of daylight.
Expect 8mm (0.3 inches) of rainfall across the whole of April with 1 day with some rain falling. Maximum UV levels will be extreme (11+ UV index) at midday when the skies are clear.
The weather in Chad in April is represented by N'Djamena.
Browse the sunrise & sunset times for Chad in April 2019. Select a month to view Chad sunrise & sunset times for the next twelve months. The Chad sunrise & sunset times shown below are for N'Djamena.
What is the weather usually like in Chad in April?
How hot is Chad in April?
How sunny is Chad in April?
How wet is Chad in April?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.136684
Retrieved Text: The merchant wholesalers, durable goods subsector is part of the wholesale trade sector.
This section provides information relating to employment in merchant wholesalers, durable goods. These data are obtained from employer or establishment surveys. The following tables present an overview of the industry including the number of jobs, data for occupations common to the industry, and projections of occupational employment change.
For projected (future) employment estimates, see the National Employment Matrix, which includes employment estimates by industry and occupation for merchant wholesalers, durable goods.
This section presents data on employee earnings and weekly hours. The latest industry averages of hourly earnings and weekly hours are shown. In addition, recent hourly and annual earnings are shown for occupations commonly found in merchant wholesalers, durable goods.
This section presents data for the industry on the number of workplace fatalities and the rates of workplace injuries and illnesses per 100 full-time workers in merchant wholesalers, durable goods. An injury or illness is considered to be work-related if an event or exposure in the work environment either caused or contributed to the resulting condition or significantly aggravated a pre-existing condition.
This section presents data on the number of establishments in merchant wholesalers, durable goods. Also included in this section is information on productivity, presented as the rate of change in output per hour of workers in the industry.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.077703
Retrieved Text: Visy Paper is looking for a graduate engineer to fill a full time mill chemist position.
Consider accessing the inviting blend of career opportunities and enviable lifestyle options that make Brisbane a great choice for graduates. Brisbane is Australia’s fastest-growing capital city for employment, ahead of Sydney, Melbourne and Perth. Brisbane’s 2 million inhabitants enjoy access to many different parks, dining precincts, cultural and sporting events and a great pace of life. The weather in Brisbane is subtropical, with mild winters and humid summers. The weather allows locals to take full advantage of their surroundings and proximity to major tourist areas like the Sunshine Coast and Gold Coast.
The city also boasts a range of lifestyle benefits that might appeal to someone looking for graduate jobs in Brisbane – comparatively low house prices, annual salaries sitting above the national average, and opportunities available with some of the largest companies in Australia. Housing prices in Brisbane sit at $480,000, well below Sydney($750,000) and Melbourne ($590,000), which can be an enticing draw card for a graduate who is a potential first home buyer.
Brisbane is known for its mining, agriculture, and financial services. It produces and exports many resources such as coal, iron ore, and natural gas. The Queensland State government has also been pushing the ‘Smart State’ initiative, investing heavily in the technology and science sectors and moving towards a greater reliance on sustainable energy. It is because of this push towards greener living that public transport is among the best in the country, equipped with a modernised train system

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.075493
Retrieved Text: I am using the calculator to figure out how many FTE is needed to handle 5000 contact's per month, but is is only letting me know how many FTE needed per day. How can I get the total number per month?
To get an accurate figure there are 365.25 days in a year (the 0.25 covers the leap year every 4 years).
There are 12 months in a year. So divide 52.178 / 12 = 4.35 weeks per month.
So let's take your had 5,000 calls per month.
Calls per week = 50,000 / 4.35 = 1149 calls per week.
Now in a contact centre the number of calls per day is not even.
These are rough averages, you will need to scale these up or down.
If you work on the peak value 120% of average.
Multiply by 120% (For a Monday) = 230 * 1.2 = 276 Calls per peak day.
When we are computing for FTE needed per 15 min interval, do we need to consider abs% and shrinkage?
You certainly need to include shrinkage.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.040693
Retrieved Text: Many individuals who are employed in professional fields, especially those in the medical, business, or tech industries, have employers who may require that they work overtime on occasion. If so, you may be wondering your rights when it comes to being paid for your labor?
1.2 What Is Time and a Half?
If you work more than 40 hours per workweek, it’s likely that you’re covered under the Federal Labor Standards Act’s (FLSA) overtime protections. But what does that mean?
Under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), employees must receive overtime pay for hours worked in excess of 40 per workweek. Typically these employees will receive wages of no less than one and one-half times their regular rate of pay, also known as time and a half (see below).
The FLSA does not require overtime pay for work that is performed on Saturdays, Sundays, or holidays unless overtime is performed on those particular days.
The Act applies on a workweek basis, which is a series of seven consecutive days that contain a period of 168 hours. It need not coincide with a calendar week.
Time and a half refers to the amount of pay you receive if you work more than 40 hours in one week. In essence, the term means that should you work more than 40 hours in a 168 hour period, as determined by your employer, you are entitled to 1.5 times the amount you typically make for any additional hours work.
This means that if you typically make $10 per hour, every hour in excess of a 40 hours

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.015982
Retrieved Text: Last week I saw a woman flayed, and you will hardly believe, how much it altered her person for the worse.
 1704 ATale of aTub, ch.9.
 Tu, Janet I.: Pastor Mark Packs 'em In, Seattle Times, November 30, 2003.
 Hua, Vanessa (15 December 2006). "O'Donnell apologizes for Chinese parody / But comedian warns she is likely to spoof languages agai". San Francisco Chronicle. Retrieved on 2010-11-09.
 O'Donnell's apology after using the pejorative term ching chong.
A person working 45 hours per week averages 44% more income than someone working 40 hours per week. That’s 44% more income for 13% more time.
No one minds what Jeffrey says it is not more than a week ago that I heard him speak disrespectfully of the equator.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.962553
Retrieved Text: 1. Let's use lists to show latest 3 job views.
1. In some cases redis/cache may be more efficient then replication for RDB.
Lets imagine that we have some heavy task that returns a number that we need to show to our customer. Instead of to run this task on every request (with same parameters), we save result to memory and return it next time without task execution. Periodically, when we need to refresh data, we run task again.
# 2015-08-24 15:53:51,162 Sleep 3s.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:34,461 Update cache.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:34,462 Run hard task.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:35,480 Update cache.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:35,480 Run hard task.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:36,484 Get cache: 10.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:36,485 Update cache.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:36,486 Run hard task.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:37,483 Get cache: 10.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:37,487 Update cache.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:37,487 Run hard task.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:38,491 Update cache.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:38,492 Run hard task.
# 2015-08-24 17:30:39,483 Get cache: 10.
update_hard_task_cache executes every 2 seconds.
The second issue is easy to fix: use flag in redis that shows that one of instances already took this task.
# 2015-08-24 18:28:21,710 Update cache.
# 2015-08-24 18:28:21,711 Run hard task.
# 2015-08-24 18:28:22,715 Get cache: 10.
# 2015-08-24 18:28:25,700 Get cache: 10.
# 2015-08-24 18:28:25,700 Update cache.
# 2015-08-24 18:28:25,701 Run hard task.
# 2015-08-24 18:28:26,703 Get cache: 10.
The idea that we check for time expiration manually and run update task if required while returning expired cache to user.
# 2015-08-24 18:48:42,284 Run hard task.
# 2015-08-24 18:48:43,289 Get cache: 10.
# 2015-08-24 18:48:46,277 Get cache: 10.
# 2015-08-24 18:48:46,277 Run hard task.
# 2015-08-24 18:48:47,274 Get cache: 10.
# 2015-08-24 19:30:15,547 Run hard task.
# 2015-08-24 19:30:16,550 Get cache: 10.
# 2015-08-24 19:30:19,542 Get

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.76528
Retrieved Text: User manual VAPORETTO HANDY 20 iron - 18 reviews for the VAPORETTO HANDY 20 Discover the test, trial and comparison with the Iron VAPORETTO HANDY 20.
Diplotop - product comparison - gathers VAPORETTO HANDY 20 users reviews, tests and opinions.With a data base of unprecedented wealth, 18 reviews for the Iron VAPORETTO HANDY 20, Diplotop compares the Iron VAPORETTO HANDY 20 with its competitors in order to find the best.
On average, its users find the VAPORETTO HANDY 20 very practical.They give it a very high score for its reliability and sturdiness., And, there are many of them who share the same opinion. If you want to make sure that the VAPORETTO HANDY 20 is the solution to your problems, make the most of the help and assistance of other Diplofix users.
Is the HANDY 20 easy to use?
18 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if the VAPORETTO HANDY 20 is very user-friendly.
Is the HANDY 20 highly efficient?
18 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if the VAPORETTO HANDY 20 is, in its domain, the best on a technical level, the one offering the best quality, or offering the largest range of options.
The average score balanced by the number of reviews is 6.39 and the standard differential is 1.1.
Is the HANDY 20 reliable, sturdy?
18 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if you think that

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.63312
Retrieved Text: You are capable of doing far more work in a day or a week than you believe. The amount of work you believe you can do is not accurate, and it isn’t even likely that it was your belief, to begin with. You were infected with the belief, like most other things that you believe, much to your detriment.
I am not writing about sales here. I am writing about work, what you produce. I am going to use sales as an example to get us started in this conversation and then we will look elsewhere.
One group of salespeople work for a leader who demands that they make 40 outbound dials a day. This team makes just around 40 dials a day, with a half a dozen or so believing that if 40 is the most someone can do, they can’t do that much. The average comes in at something near 36 dials a day. Across town, another leader demands that his team makes 80 outbound dials a day. His team averages something close to 70 dials a day.
If you were to move a salesperson from the first company to the second, they would likely be unhappy with the increased work they would now be required to do on a daily basis. Moving someone from the second group to the first would most probably result in that person being pleased with how less work is required of her.
In both cases, the person’s personal standard would dominate. How they feel would be the result of what they believe.
The

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.505154
Retrieved Text: Expect 14°C daytime maximum temperatures in the shade with on average 4 hours of sunshine per day in Victoria in June. Check more long-term weather averages for Victoria in June before you book your next holiday to Victoria in 2019/2020. The June weather averages shown above are for Melbourne.
The June weather guide for Victoria, represented by Melbourne, shows long term weather averages processed from data supplied by CRU (University of East Anglia), the Met Office & the Netherlands Meteorological Institute. Find out more about our data sources.
The average maximum daytime temperature in Victoria in June is a comfortable 14°C (57°F). The average night-time temperature is usually a cold 6°C (43°F). There are usually 4 hours of bright sunshine each day, which represents 40% of the 10 hours of daylight.
Expect 40mm (1.6 inches) of rainfall across the whole of June with 10 days with some rain falling. Maximum UV levels will be low (2 UV index) at midday when the skies are clear.
The average sea temperature in and around Victoria in June is 13°C (55°F).
The weather in Victoria in June is represented by Melbourne.
Browse the sunrise & sunset times for Victoria in June 2019. Select a month to view Victoria sunrise & sunset times for the next twelve months. The Victoria sunrise & sunset times shown below are for Melbourne.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.4103
Retrieved Text: Finding a work-life balance, no pun intended, is a work in progress. And in a world where your work can follow you anywhere, finding this balance is becoming increasingly more difficult. The new infographic from Family Living Today and Now Sourcing looks at why it is especially hard for workers in the US.
Compared to the 38 countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the US comes in at number 30 for work-life balance. A couple of the reasons it is so low is because 11.4 percent of Americans work 50 or more hours per week, while they spend 11.4 hours for leisure and personal care daily. The number one country, Netherlands, on the other hand, has only 0.5 percent of people working those long hours and they dedicate 15.9 hours for leisure and personal care.
In the US, full-time working men spend 8.35 hours in the workplace, while women work 7.84 hours. And of the employed adults, 33 percent work on an average Saturday, Sunday, or holiday. This has led 66 percent of full-time employees to say they don’t strongly believe they have a work-life balance. When it comes to gender, the infographic states women are more likely to say they have a good work-life balance.
Another key data point is 24/7 technology. With employers expecting responses at any hour, 57 percent of workers said technology has ruined the modern day family dinner. At the same time, 40 percent said it was OK to answer an urgent work email at the dinner table.
Not being balanced

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: The word "get" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The operator couldn't get Kobe because of the earthquake.
Sentence 2: I'll get this finished by lunchtime.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.325222
Retrieved Text: People are excited about The World’s Tallest Christmas Tree Project in Kobe, Japan. The project is led by Seijun Nishihata who has experienced Kobe Earthquake (Great Hanshin Awaji Earthquake). The project is held for the repose of the souls of the victims. By building the tree in Kobe that has recovered from the earthquake, Nishihata also try to send a message of hope to the world. The tree is approximately 30 meters tall and 150 years old. It is taller than the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree. Visitors write their messages on small reflective plates, and the plates are hung around the tree with strings every weekend. There are no other ornaments, but instead, the tree is illuminated in rainbow colors. When I went there on December 9th, a bunch of people were waiting in line to climb to the top of the huge tree pot. After the project, the tree will be used as lumber. It became a hot topic that one of the torii gates of Ikuta Shrine will be made of it. The tree will live in different ways in the future as well.
In the event site, there is a fascinating tunnel that is made with illuminated “air plants” that don’t need soil to grow. The length of the tunnel is about 60 meters. As I walked through it, I thought it was like a beautiful wisteria tunnel.
Near the tunnel, there is a small place for children to play with snow. There were food stalls, too. It is a great place that both families

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.33421
Retrieved Text: S: (v) arrive, get, come (reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress) "She arrived home at 7 o'clock"; "She didn't get to Chicago until after midnight"
S: (v) bring, get, convey, fetch (go or come after and bring or take back) "Get me those books over there, please"; "Could you bring the wine?"; "The dog fetched the hat"
S: (v) pay back, pay off, get, fix (take vengeance on or get even) "We'll get them!"; "That'll fix him good!"; "This time I got him"
S: (v) get, catch, capture (succeed in catching or seizing, especially after a chase) "We finally got the suspect"; "Did you catch the thief?"
S: (v) get (communicate with a place or person; establish communication with, as if by telephone) "Bill called this number and he got Mary"; "The operator couldn't get Kobe because of the earthquake"
S: (v) catch, get (grasp with the mind or develop an understanding of) "did you catch that allusion?"; "We caught something of his theory in the lecture"; "don't catch your meaning"; "did you get it?"; "She didn't get the joke"; "I just don't get him"
S: (v) catch, arrest, get (attract and fix) "His look caught her"; "She caught his eye"; "Catch the attention of the waiter"
S: (v) get (reach by calculation) "What do you get when you add up these numbers?"
S: (v) get (acquire as a result of some effort or action) "You cannot get water out of a stone"; "Where did she get these news?"
S: (v) get (purchase) "What did you get at the toy store?"
S: (v) catch,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.881372
Retrieved Text: DURING ancient times, Japanese emperors would take responsibility for a major earthquake by abdicating. Disasters were a sign that an emperor had committed some sacrilege against his ancestors and could no longer control nature.
While Emperor Akihito, who visited quake-stricken Kobe this week, will not step down as a result of the earthquake, the same cannot definitively be said of Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama.
More than two weeks after the earthquake struck, Mr. Murayama's government is still on the defensive for failing to respond quickly and adequately to the Jan. 17 disaster that left more than 5,000 people dead.
``We did the best we could under the current system,'' was Mr. Murayama's apologetic response to widespread public criticism.
But some political analysts say it was Japan's system of governance, not Murayama's Cabinet, that let down the people of Kobe.
The prime minister was hamstrung by rules, laws, and customs regarding who takes charge after a disaster, they say.
His decisionmaking powers in other areas were also limited, which explains why it took the government in Tokyo so long to respond to offers of help from overseas.
``Those caught in the quake ... fell victim to Japan's bureaucracy, which for reasons of pride and politics rebuffed these goodwill offers,'' stated Tatou Takahama of the Nomura Research Institute.
The debacle goes to the heart of the way in which Japan is governed - not by politicians, but by bureaucrats who often make nebulous decisions and go through a lengthy process of reaching consensus before taking any action.
It is a system that was being challenged even before

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.98917
Retrieved Text: To give it a different English title would loose the allusion to the great English novel, "1984," by George Orwell, which when written was somewhat far in the future, a kind of alternate world book itself. "1Q84" is a reference to an alternate and parallel world which Aomame has entered and is able to hook up to a childhood friend, Tengo. Having said this much, I haven't given away any of the... 31/12/2018�� Read "After the Quake" by Haruki Murakami with Rakuten Kobo. For the characters in after the quake, the Kobe earthquake is an echo from a past they buried long ago. Satsuki has spen... For the characters in after the quake, the Kobe earthquake is an echo from a past they buried long ago.
31/12/2018�� Read "After the Quake" by Haruki Murakami with Rakuten Kobo. For the characters in after the quake, the Kobe earthquake is an echo from a past they buried long ago. Satsuki has spen... For the characters in after the quake, the Kobe earthquake is an echo from a past they buried long ago.... Becoming an Author. The moment Haruki Murakami decided to become an author is forever emblazoned in his memory. For some authors, the realization came as a child.
To give it a different English title would loose the allusion to the great English novel, "1984," by George Orwell, which when written was somewhat far in the future, a kind of alternate world book itself. "1Q84" is a reference to an alternate and parallel world which Aomame has entered and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.581102
Retrieved Text: Like hundreds of other people across the sleeping city of Kobe early on 17 January 1995, Heaok Kim thought it was a crashing aircraft that had hurled her out of bed.
floor around her, the 23-year-old teacher expected the roof to collapse on her at any second.
coudn't stand. I was certain that I only had seconds to live."
Then, just as suddenly as it had arrived, what Japan knows today as the Great Hanshin Earthquake ceased.
all safe and well admit those few seconds changed their lives.
December added an extra poignancy to this year's memorial services.
United Nations' four-day World Conference on Disaster Reduction, which opened in Kobe on 18 January.
earthquake," Kazuko Sumino, a project director for the Kobe Cross-Cultural Centre, said.
Kobe," she said. "And, like us, they will never be able to forget."
shambles, but at least it was still standing.
or in apartments," Sumino said.
Of the 700 people her organisation was responsible for, only one - a Chinese student - had been killed.
A decade later, the city is still not the place it once was, she believes.
afford to build them again because they're still paying the mortgage on the house that burned down."
the old and the young were having most difficulty coming to terms with what had happened.
community support system that is so widespread in Japanese society.
permanent apartments could be built by the local government.
surroundings, many apparently just lost the will to live.
said. "There were a lot of people who needed help.
"They were experiencing nightmares, flashbacks, panic attacks and fear of being exposed to further trauma,"
the shaking of the earthquake.
they

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.368559
Retrieved Text: Last week's horrifying tremor -- 7.2 on the seismic scale -- was a jolt felt around the world. What California can learn about disaster planning and relief efforts fromt he devastation in Japan; IT'S NOT AS IF THE QUAKE WAS unexpected, or Japan unprepared. Quite the reverse. The island nation is earthquake-obsessed. Every Sept. 1, on the anniversary of the great 1923 Tokyo quake that killed more than 140,000 people, school children practice earthquake drills, dashing through smoke-filled tunnels with wet handkerchiefs over their faces, and soldiers rehearse helicopter rescues. Seismic monitors crisscross the country so that whenever a tremor registers, an electronic signal automatically shuts down the famed bullet train to keep it from derailing at 160 miles an hour. Japanese building codes are as strict as any in the world, and as a result "the Japanese have always walked around with this attitude that "[Severe earthquake damage] could never happen to us'," said an American seismologist attending -- in a gruesome coincidence -- an earthquake conference in Osaka last week. After the Northridge, Calif, quake a year ago, Japan's Construction Ministry even boasted that U.S. freeway, designs were "different" (read: inferior). ,"Ours," he insisted, "are safe."
Twenty seconds of terror shattered that complacency with the force of more than 240 kilotons of TNT. Suddenly, decades of assumptions -- about which seismic zones are dangerous, about "earthquake resistance" and about the adequacy of relief plans -- collapsed like the stucco-and-tile-roofed homes in Kobe's hard-hit Nagato ward. A shallow fault line just beyond the modern port city's

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.072847
Retrieved Text: After visiting the Akashi Kaikyo Bridge we checked into our hotel in Kobe and walked to a nearby restaurant for dinner. In these photos we are walking under the Port-Liner Elevated Railway which turns southeast from Sannomiya Station through downtown Kobe towards Port Island. This area had a great deal of damage during the 1995 Kobe earthquake and I managed to snap a few photos of the many improvements with my iPhone.
The bridges have been retrofitted with steel column casings and viscous fluid dampers, which will hopefully prevent severe damage during the next earthquake. However, the use of 'C' Bents and short radius curves will result in large superstructure displacements and large torsional and flexural moments in the supports.
Hyogo Prefecture, Japan Bridges: Port-Liner Elevated Railway in Downtown Kobe by Mark Yashinsky is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.78738
Retrieved Text: There is plenty to get your teeth into in Kobe – quite literally!
From some of the finest beef in the world, a wander through Nankin-machi (Kobe’s Chinatown) to a delve into history and culture, Kobe is a wonderful place to explore and discover.
Expand your mind with museum trips, fill your stomach in great restaurants and ease your joints in a hot spring bath – it really does have something for everyone. See our top 10 things to do in Kobe below.
This is something to really get your teeth into during Rugby World Cup 2019™!
Kobe beef is some of the finest in the world and there is no better way to enjoy this delicacy than at a local teppanyaki restaurant.
If you’d like to take in stunning views of the city while you enjoy your perfectly cooked beef, then the Mouriya restaurant may be the one for you. The experience is made even greater as the chef will grill the meat on an iron in front of you while you wait for your meal to be prepared.
This is a great opportunity to immerse yourself in the wonderful Japanese lifestyle. Yum!
The great thing about travelling is discovering the history and important events of the host country and there is no better way to do that than at the Kobe Earthquake Memorial Museum.
Far from being a macabre experience, this is a really good way of understanding and getting to know Kobe. On January 17, 1995, Kobe was hit with an earthquake which caused mass destruction. If you would like to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.7542
Retrieved Text: Read more from the 2011 Tōhoku Earthquake | Japan Holidays feed.
According to the World Bank, Japan may take up to five years to rebuild from the recent catastrophic earthquake and tsunami, which is estimated to caused up to US$235 billion of damages. This may be a somewhat pessimistic picture as the 2005 Kobe earthquake episode may suggest that Japan’s strong institutions, advanced economy, ample human capital and strong national spirit will enable it to rebound relatively quickly.
On 17 January 1995, the city of Kobe (population 1.5 million then) was stuck by a 6.8 magnitude earthquake. Although very much less powerful that then 2011 Tōhoku earthquake, the Kobe earthquake occurred at only 20 kilometers (12 miles) away from Kobe City at a very shallow depth of just 16 kilometers (10 miles). Despite it lasting only 20 seconds, the Kobe earthquake took a total of 6,434 lives, and cause approximately $100 billion of damage, including the collapse of about 200,000 buildings and massive destruction to Kobe Port (sixth largest port in the world then).
Back then, the prognosis by so-called experts was that Kobe City could take 10 years to rebuild and recover. However, in only 15 months, Kobe’s manufacturing had recovered to 98 per cent of pre-earthquake capability and exports were back up to 85%. Furthermore, imports reached its pre-disaster levels and 80% of shops were reopened for business.
On 13 April, just a month after the 11 March disaster, Sendai Airport reopens to its first commercial flight. The tsunami had previously turned the airport into a swamp of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.60351
Retrieved Text: Kobe is one of the cities in Japan that I might never get bored with. Kobe’s touristy spots might not be as popular as its Kansai neighbors Osaka and Kyoto, but it does not mean that they are less attractive. In fact, if you are looking for a city with a pleasant ambiance, delicious food, completed by a combination of mountain and sea experiences, then Kobe is the city you have to visit.
Let’s explore what’s in the city!
On January 17, 1995, an earthquake with a magnitude of 7 occurred in the southern part of Hyogo prefecture — which includes Kobe. This museum was built to tell stories about the earthquake experience — how did it happen and how did it affect the people here. There are lots of displays of photos, documents, and other memorable things from the time of the incident. Other than the displays, this museum also offers a simulation room with a documentary movie and a learning corner with a database of natural disasters all over the world.
A modern museum in the HAT area of Kobe, Hyogo Prefectural Museum of Arts exhibits sculptures, prints, paintings, and other kinds of art inside its three-story building. The minimalist and contemporary style of the museum was designed by Tadao Ando, a famous Japanese architect.
Nada District is Japan’s best sake producing region. There are a lot of sake producers who open their doors for tourists to see the sake brewing process. Some of them also have a museum with free admission. In addition, you may also try

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.219381
Retrieved Text: Sea, mountains and forests. Nature surrounds Sannomiya Center Gai.I walked a little from business district of Kobe Sannomiya Center Gai.
Kobe Sannomiya Center Gai is always busy and full of people, and on contrary is also said to have a ”mysterious silent atmosphere”. Maybe it's because the nature, mountains or sea are always nearby? I would like to show You a connection between nature and convenient and cosmopolitan Kobe Sannomiya Center Gai.
We walked with Peter towards Ikuta shrine.
The shrine is just few minutes walking distance north of Kobe Sannomiya Center Gai.
While it's located in downtown, it maintains the traditional appearance thanks to its large torii gate and beautiful forest.
What do You think Peter liked the most about this place?
Peter’s comments:Ikuta shrine is located right behind Tokyu Hands department store, a walking distance from Sannomiya station. The bright orange shrine is really beautiful and well preserved – it's said it was founded in 201 AD and Kobe city got it's name after a group of it's supporters. Behind the temple there is a small temple park with tall trees and even some “power spots” if that's your thing. Even though the whole shrine is surrounded by buildings the shrine is quiet and can be a great place to visit and take a break during a busy day. In the evening the inner shrine grounds are closed but you can see the beautifully lit up temple through the gates. On special occasions the shrine holds various matsuri – it's always great occasion to experience Japanese culture first hand and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.830849
Retrieved Text: Sandwiched between mountains to the north and the Inland Sea to the south, Kobe is best known for its night views, its beef and its "manly" sake.
In the evening, the water reflects the red-colored Kobe Port Tower and the Kobe Maritime Museum with its distinctive white arch-shaped roof — two landmarks located in the Meriken Park in the southern waterfront area of the city, which has a population of over 1.5 million.
"Our recommended spot to view them is the Harborland, a shopping district in the western vicinity of the park beyond the inlet," says Kanako Sugimoto, a Kobe Tourism Bureau official. "It would be even better if you can see them when the cruise ship Kobe Concerto is in the harbor."
After working up an appetite seeing the sites, the visitor can easily find something to delight the palate.
Kobe beef is said to be one of the highest-grade brands of wagyu, or Japanese-produced beef. Known for its strict quality control, it is only produced from pedigree Tajima cattle born and shipped in the prefecture of Hyogo to which Kobe belongs. It is noted for its rich flavor with very fine marbled fat.
"Speaking of Kobe beef, the sirloin is a must-try," says Hideaki Ito, head chef of restaurant Shin in central Kobe, whose sirloin beef dishes start at around 5,000 yen ($45).
Hyogo is also the country's largest sake-producing prefecture, with Kobe at the core. Liquor store Nada no Sakagura-Dori, located in the city's center, sells various kinds of sake made by 20 breweries in eastern Kobe and its

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.821415
Retrieved Text: Kobe must be Japan's most attractive city; gleaming modern streets, a welcoming international atmosphere and stunning night time views of the busy port. There's little in the way of tourist attractions, but Kobe is a real working Japanese city with great shopping and fantastic cuisine.
It's hard to imagine that only in 1995, more than 6,000 residents lost their lives in the Great Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake. Today there is little sign of the massive destruction that took place in just 20 seconds at 5.46am on January 17th that year. Yet Kobe will never forget this terrible tragedy and a visit to the earthquake museum is highly recommended.
Kobe was one of the first Japanese ports to open to foreign trade in 1868 and it was here that Japan got its first taste of football, golf and beef! Today Kobe beef is world famous. Other culinary delights include fresh fish such as sea bream and octopus from the nearby Akashi Kaikyo Channel, which is spanned by the world's largest suspension bridge.
Kobe's early introduction to foreign influences gives it a cosmopolitan air unrivalled in Japan. Churches, mosques and synagogues sit comfortably together and the lively Chinatown, Nankin-machi, is well worth exploring.
Wedged between the mountains and Osaka Bay, wherever you wander in Kobe you'll never be far from the sea. Along the waterfront, Harbourland and the artificial islands of Port Island and Rokko Island are best visited at night. Recent harbour developments include the futuristic architecture of the maritime museum, ferris wheel and the glowing red Port Tower. Down town Sannomiya is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.617628
Retrieved Text: The Geotechnical Extreme Events Reconnaissance (GEER) Association was formed as an outgrowth of grassroots efforts to investigate and document the geotechnical impacts of the 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake, 1994 Northridge Earthquake, and 1995 Kobe Earthquake. Following these earthquakes, members of the geotechnical earthquake engineering community responded with ad hoc reconnaissance teams that relied on past personal and professional relationships. The National Science Foundation awarded a grant to GEER to help formalize post-disaster geotechnical engineering reconnaissance efforts.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.617445
Retrieved Text: Despite the theoretical predictions that multiple equilibria exist in urban spatial structure, there remains a dearth of related empirical literature. This study adopts the 1995 Hanshin earthquake, which devastated the major city of Kobe (Japan), as a natural experiment to investigate the existence of multiple equilibria. Using municipality-level population data for the period of 1988–2011 and synthetic control approach, the analysis reveals that 16 years after the earthquake, the urban spatial structure in quaked areas persistently differs from the pre-quake pattern, although the total population recovered. Because of the seismic damage to Kobe, residents from around it migrated to areas close to Osaka, another major city close to the epicenter but less damaged. The major motivation underlying the migration is the demand for services provided in major cities. This tendency was not reversed even after Kobe was reconstructed, because the equilibrium of population dynamics moved to a new steady state.
Abadie, Alberto, Alexis Diamond, and Jens Hainmueller (2010) Synthetic control methods for comparative case studies: Estimating the effect of California’s tobacco control program, Journal of the American Statistical Association, 105: 493–505.
Abadie, Alberto and Javier Gardeazabal (2003) The economic costs of conflict: A case study of the Basque country, American Economic Review, 93: 113–132.
Ahlfeldt, Gabriel M., Stephen J. Redding, Daniel M. Sturm, and Nikolaus Wolf (2015) The economics of density: Evidence from the Berlin Wall, Econometrica, 83: 2127–2189.
Ando, Michihito (2015) Dreams of urbanization: Quantitative case studies on the local impacts of nuclear power facilities using the synthetic control method, Journal of Urban Economics, 85: 68–85.
Arzaghi, Mohammad and J.Vernon

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.593706
Retrieved Text: Similar in form to yesterday's Rokko Bridge, the Higashi-Kobe is a little more elegant in appearance. Its a three-span, double-deck, cable-stayed bridge with a truss superstructure. The tall H-shaped towers are supported on closed caissons. The bridge is located just east of Rokko Island on reclaimed land over a wide shipping channel. The main span is 485 m long and the side spans are 200 m. The deck is only 13.5 m wide, just enough for three vehicle lanes on the top and bottom decks.
The bridge was completed for the HPEC in 1992 at a cost of 28.8 billion yen (about $288 million U.S.). Three years later, the bridge was closed due to damage from the Kobe earthquake.
The fault running through Kobe was well known, but seismic bridge design in the 1990s didn't consider it. However the damage was (mostly) to non-structural elements and it was soon repaired. The steel towers and piers had quite a bit of local buckling, but stiffeners were provided around the buckles and the towers and piers remained in service. In fact, the Wangan Expressway was used to carry emergency vehicles within a couple weeks after the earthquake.
Osaka Bay Bridges: Higashi-Kobe Bridge (1) by Mark Yashinsky is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 United States License.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.456367
Retrieved Text: Sponsored by KOBE LIONS CLUB (current Kobe Host Lions club) on 8th November 1957, Our KOBE EAST LIONS CLUB was established in the beautiful city of Kobe.
Since then, we have been one of most active Lions Club in the District of 335-A Japan.
Our club is the 60th club in Japan and 3rd in 335A District. Date of Charter night was 29th March 1958.
One of the important and valuable programs "LIONS CLUB YOUTH EXCHANGE" was initially programmed by our KOBE EAST LIONS CLUB in 1960 with the start of between 13 American and 9 Japanese youth.
On January 17 1995, at 05:46, Hanshin-Awaji great earthquake of magnitude 7.2 attacked our city of Kobe. By this disaster, 6,430 people died and 43,773 people were injured. About 105,000 houses were totally collapsed, and about 144,000 houses were half collapsed.
Many overseas Lions Clubs and local Japanese Lions Clubs passed us tremendous support and help.
We will never forget this warm hearted friendships.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.380386
Retrieved Text: It’s been 20 years since Hanshin Awaji Big Earthquake happened. I visited Kobe to attend the Memorial Ceremony held by NGO Collaboration Center this morning, where all of us mourned over the thousands of victims and thought about the lives that all the victims could have lived for the past 20 years. The backyard of NGO where the ceremony was held was filled with not only Staff Members but the fellow volunteers from Hiroshima, Nagoya, Fukuoka, and other part of Kobe. The special Makenaizo Elephants with black ribbons were sent from 3.11 affected people in Tohoku area, too! This is the picture of Sawing machine found in Nagata-ward, Kobe 20 years ago, together with the special Makenaizo Elephants sent from Tohoku at the memorial ceremony. The leader and the members of NGO Collaboration Center themselves were also terribly affected, lost their houses & the jobs, but they bravely started to support the elders living alone at temporary housings in the community in 1995. Since then, their priceless volunteer activities have been relayed from Kobe to all the other affected areas in Japan and the world up until today! Since Life is short and precious, we, makenaizone members would like to continue whatever we can do to support the affected people as long as we can. We also look forward to your continued support and love for Makenaizo Project, or the support that you can do through the cute and soft Elephant-shaped towels!
【Message from makenaizone on January 11, 2015】It has been 3 years & 10 months since

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.34929
Retrieved Text: Even though Japan is not a Christian country, the season of Christmas is celebrated very widely. Most cities reserve budgets for the annual Christmas decorations and of course shops and department stores add to the festive spirit.
The illuminations in Kobe city are not strictly Christmas decorations however. Read this Japanese learner's blog below by Sakude sensei who lives in Osaka city, gives a personal account of this yearly spectacle that draws tens of thousands of visitors every year.
Have you ever been to the Kobe Luminarie ? The Kobe Luminarie is an event that has been held every year since 1995. 1995 was the year was of the Great Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake Disaster, and this Kobe Luminarie was established and is held every year as a requiem and memorial event to honor the victims of that disaster, and also to pray for the recovery and revival of Kobe city.This year is the 21st time it has been held. The pictures are taken from when I went there last year, but every year the creations made out of beautiful light leave me moved.
This year there are various new trials, for example, for the first time ever, there was the introduction of an illumination creation in which the lights changed matching to music, and all the light bulbs used were low electricity consuming LED bulbs so there were about 1.5 more lights used than usual. However, raising the funds necessary to run the event every year is hard so this year the event is two days shorter than last year,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.201342
Retrieved Text: Since implementing detention reform, the juvenile hall population has been reduced by more than half; it averaged more than 50 youth per day in 1996 but only 22 in 2005. What these..
The earthquake took place in Kobe, 1995 On the moment magnitude scale the kobe earthquake is6.8, and mij.3 on the revised.2 on the old JMAmagnitude with tremors that just lasted 20seconds. You..
low self-confidence because they are not or have not been in a relationship. Even though movies and television shows might present it this way, they do not make you popular or more attractive. If you are not in one, you should still enjoy being single. I eat lots of fruit and vegetables and I try not to have red meat or too much coffee. These characteristics are more important to me than physical appearance. It seems that these teenagers are either afraid to be single or do not know how. High school can be a stressful time.
I have a small group of friends who I&apos;ve known for years. I&apos;m single and I&apos;m looking for love. Instead, find out who you want yourself to be and find someone who loves who you are. Weitere Informationen zu unseren Cookies und dazu, wie du die Kontrolle darüber behältst, findest du hier: Cookie-Richtlinie. However, I also like men with a good sense of humour. I stopped smoking last year and now I go running twice a week and I sometimes go to the gym at weekends. These same people may have incredible art skills, can program a complete

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.008402
Retrieved Text: Kobe, the fifth largest city in Japan is a very important port town, located on the shore of Osaka Bay. With 1.5 million inhabitants and hundreds of daily visitors, the city has to put a lot of effort into the transportation and the infrastructure.
The highways, railways and the expressways around the city help people approach the city as easy as possible. Kobe Airport, located on an artificial island is a major node for the city’s traffic. The city has two islands as well: Port Island, the home of the airport and Rokko Island, including several museums. This article includes a description of the city’s major districts, some advice about the public transportation and useful tips for getting around in Kobe.
Central Kobe is undoubtedly the most significant part of the city. Not only because it includes the most beautiful sights, but its substantial size also emphasizes the importance of Central Kobe. Tourist attractions, such as Sorakuen Garden, Kitano-cho, Kobe City Museum, Kobe Harborland, Meriken Park or the Historic Chinatown are all located here.
Other important districts are Nada, the most important sake producing area, located on the Southwestern part of the city, North from Rokko Island. Arima Onsen district is located on the North-western part of Kobe, behind Mt. Rokko and it is famous for its outstanding hot springs. HAT, a recently developed district is important part of the city as well. It is located on the Eastern part of the city, including touristic sights, such as Earthquake Memorial Museum or Hyogo Prefectural Museum of Art.
JR Sanyo Shinkansen

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.955328
Retrieved Text: Have decided to head to Hiroshima for the weekend. Just trying to find a hotel atm.
I really want to go to Kobe while I'm in the Kansai region but worried that might be tempting fate. Wish I'd never watched that damn docu-drama on the Kobe earthquake.
I forgot to mention, when I went to Osaka castle, I met a guy who told me there are 300 stray cats at the castle. He feeds some of them. He introduced me to one called Shiro (who was actually black AND white) and her sons - Choco and Caramel. He reminded me of the old man in Kafka on the Shore and I would not have been at all surprised if he could talk to the cats.
Arrghh need to go to the toilet but these shoes are so hard to get on and off and I'd have to put on bathroom slippers.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.876015
Retrieved Text: kobe light beautiful street decorations in japan honoring earthquake victims kobe light festival kobe baby blue shoes.
kobe light ad grey white light blue kobe mentality light blue kobe lightweight comfort.
kobe light ad light bone white pale grey vivid s kobi lighting kobe 11 light blue.
kobe light kobe mentality light blue kobe ad shoes light blue.
kobe light ad nike kobe light bone kobi lighting studio.
kobe light overall was absolutely brilliant and was feel worth the time and cost of the commute from seeing it rekindled memories of the nike kobe lightweight comfort kobe light blue.
kobe light light festival kobe 10 light blue kobe light up bluetooth speaker.
kobe light kobe baby blue shoes kobe ad light bone white.
kobe light ad light bone white pale grey vivid sky men basketball shoes shoes kobe 10 light blue kobe mentality light blue.
kobe light the lights were donated by the government and the installation was produced by designer and native kobi lighting poland kobe light blue.
kobe light kobe ad light bone on feet kobi lighting poland.
kobe light footlocker presents the light bulb starring kobe lightweight comfort kobe 10 light blue.
kobe light basketball shoes light blue purple white kobe light festival kobe mentality light blue.
kobe light stylish for men elite light kobe light bone kobi lighting studio.
kobe light newest zoom a d light grey jade basketball shoes athletic kobi lighting rep kobe ad light bone on feet.
kobe light basketball shoes basketball kobe bryant light blue jersey kobe light bone.
kobe light lights 2 kobe light blue shoes kobe light blue.
kobe light zoom vi 6

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.823317
Retrieved Text: We had a video-conferencing with Iran, Armenia and Taiwan by connecting the conference site as the symposium of the United Nations World Conference on Disaster Reduction and a KOBE Earthquake 10th anniversary of commemorative project in Japan , January 18, 2005 .
We had VC for Natural Disaster Youth Summit 2016 in NIIGATA.
We connected 4 points including from India, Malaysia, Taiwan, KOBE from Japan.
100 students and teachers from more than 10 countries and regions united together in Niigata to present their studies on natural disasters. In India, Malaysia, Taiwan, Kobe, about 50 people shared their information.
"Protecting Our Heritage from Earthquake"
Global Internet Video Conferencing was held at Disaster Reduction and Human Renovation Institute (The great Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake memorial museum, KOBE). We had NDYS-Forum thorough the MeetingPlaza video conferencing system that could be meeting at many points.
Kobe Fukiai High School 11 students joined 2010 iEARN Canada Conference through VC on 14th of July, Toronto.
Each student had a camera and mike and joined VC from Fukiai HS. Taiwanese students showed us some photos and explained about it. We showed our safety map and explained about it. We had a good time.
Thanks for Ms Cindy and all participants in iEARN-Canada conference.
We had VC for NDYS 2010 Turkiye participants schools on June 25th.
We connected 13 points including from Turkiye, 5 points from Taiwan, 3 points of Indonesia, one point from Macedonia and Pakistan , 2 points from Japan.
We were glad to meet you in the VC. This VC was significant for all.
Turkiye Team showed the answers to our questions.
We are looking forward

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.471043
Retrieved Text: Every once in a while news reports show the disastrous impact of natural disasters on local communities. In some cases, the losses in terms of property and lives are so big that economies struggle for months, sometimes years, before bouncing back. Local production is often affected and so is the transport of local goods to other areas. There are plenty of examples of such disasters in the 1990s and more recently: the Kobe Earthquake (Japan, 1995), the 921 earthquake (Taipei,China, 1999), Hurricanes Katrina and Rita (United States, 2004), the Japanese Great Tohoku earthquake and tsunami and the Thai floods (2011). Anecdotal evidence suggests that the distinguishing feature of these recent disasters is the global scope of their effects. It is not uncommon for firms abroad to report production delays and profit losses because suppliers in source countries struck by natural disasters fail to provide parts in time. For example, the disruptions in the supply chain caused by the Great Tohoku earthquake and tsunami events in March 2011, not only forced Japanese car manufacturers to shut down their plants for a short period, but also resulted in temporary closures of a General Motors truck plant in the United States (US). However, the question arises whether these global supply chain effects are just limited to a small group of extreme cases of disaster events, or are a more systematic feature of (large) natural disasters.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.460386
Retrieved Text: Large earthquakes can cause tremendous damage to our daily life, often leaving previously unrecognized structural failure patterns on the surface as well as in the underground. These failures may be caused directly by seismic waves, but why do they emerge so unexpectedly? This unexpectedness is due in part to complex interactions between earthquake rupture process and seismic wave radiation and due in part to dynamic effects of seismic waves on near-surface structures, both of which have not been fully understood yet. Conventionally, earthquake rupture is modeled in a kinematic way and seismic radiation is calculated based on this kinematic model. However, earthquake rupture and seismic radiation are dynamically interacted in the source field, where near-surface structures may be damaged in a way not easily understandable by conventional models. Such dynamic interaction should be a key for better understanding of near-source structural damages.
Uenishi (this issue, pp. 28-49) reviews some of the unexpected mechanical features of earthquakes from a rupture dynamics perspective, both theoretically and experimentally. He suggests, contrary to our intuition, that an earthquake rupture source on a geological fault can spontaneously lose its stability to radiate a pulse of fault slip regardless of the exact distribution of the external load acting on the fault. The slip pulse expands along the fault. If the fault is a boundary between two elastically different blocks in a bimaterial system, strong Mach waves can be induced on one side of the fault. These Mach waves may cause enormous ground shaking and serious damage in a concentrated area. He argues that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.451504
Retrieved Text: Kōbe (神戸) is one of Japan's underappreciated cities. A cosmopolitan port city with an international flavor hemmed in by Mt. Rokko, it constantly comes up number one in expatriate rankings of the best place to live in Japan.
, and European architecture mark Kōbe as a place where foreigners and foreign culture first arrived in Japan.
On January 17, 1995, an earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter Scale occurred at 5:46 AM JST near the city. The quake killed 6,433, made 300,000 homeless and destroyed large parts of the port facilities and other parts of the city. It was one of the most costly natural disasters in modern history. The earthquake notably destroyed the Hanshin Expressway, an elevated freeway which dramatically toppled over: within Japan, the earthquake is known as the Great Hanshin Earthquake (or the Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake). In the last 10 years, the city has recovered completely but lost huge portions of its ship traffic.
Kōbe's core, and central business district surrounds Sannomiya station, rather than Kobe Station. Sannomiya station has a tourist information office well-stocked with area maps. Be sure to ask for the coupon book, which offers discounts (10% to 20%) for many attractions. The Japanese characters for Sannomiya station on Japan Railways (三ノ宮) differ from the Sannomiya station on other railways (三宮).
Naka Pier Cruise Terminal serves small and medium-sized cruise liners. It is situated right in the city center.
Kobe Port Terminal can serve larger cruise liners. It is just 5 minutes from downtown.
If you are planning to travel beyond city limits you might want to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.407887
Retrieved Text: In this post: Kobe waterfront and the Meriken Park; what does Meriken mean?; the bright side of the typhoon; the Great Hanshin Awaji Earthquake Memorial; BE KOBE project; Frank Gehry’s Fishdance; Yoheyy mural.
Japanese summers are not for the faint-hearted. Oppressive combination of heat and humidity elevates an easy climb into a personal Everest and propels electrical bike from a silly idea to a brilliant invention. Hiding inside an air-conditioned bubble feels good for a day or two, but then morphs into a luxury trap. The heck with the 21st-century conveniences, let’s wonder the land of the rising sun.
For three sweltering summer months, we lived in a village on the outskirts of Nara. We quickly found out that bicycling could be problematic. Armed with a list of things to do in Nara, we ventured to see famous deers. Ironically, bicycles are so popular in Japan that parking them within a reasonable distance from historic sites became a headache. Lesson learned, two legs would fare better than two wheels.
Following this philosophy, we sweated through a succession of trains finding ourselves in Kobe. We had a plan and a neat map outlining our visit. It took about 15 minutes, a walk from the station to the waterfront, to forget about all our intentions.
Kobe is a modern city in Hyogo Prefecture, 33km west of Osaka. Along with Yokohama, Kobe is one of Japan’s first international ports and trading centers dating back to the city’s opening to foreign traders following the 1853 end of the policy of seclusion.
First of all, I

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.114098
Retrieved Text: Kobe Luminarie is an annual winter light-up held in memory of the victims of the Great Hanshin Earthquake of 1995. Now in it’s 21st year, (This is a past event) Each year at Christmas the streets of downtown Kobe are lit up in a spectacular arrangement known as the Kobe Luminarie. Thousands of . Dec 13, 2013 – Around Christmas time you’ll find a lot of great illuminations in Japan. One of the most popular illuminations is the Kobe Luminare – and I went . (1) Seikei University, Tokyo, Japan (2) Kobe Steel Ltd., Kobe, Japan 8 cubic cortical bone samples of 6mm radius were cut from a 27-month-old Mertens, P. (1) , Heyns, M. (1,4) , De Gendt, S. (1,3) , Glorieux, C. (2) , Lauriks, Walter (2) This paper presents the integration of luminare-diffusor to control lighting and . . -Engagement-Ring-CZ-Cubic-Zirconia-1-7-ct-Size-8/754923934 2018-06-01 . .com/ip/3-Pieces-of-Hand-Crafted-3×4-Wax-Luminary-Ivory/681040745 2018-06-01 //jardinconception.tk/ip/Soult-Et-Brougham-Glorieux-Pacificateurs-de-L-039- . //jardinconception.tk/ip/KOBE-11-ELITE-LOW-MAMBACURIAL- . #cube #game #black . moule à chocolat en forme de cube (petit). faire un point de couleur pour savoir la saveur à Kobe Luminarie is festival in Kobe, Japan. Illuminations De Noël, Autour Du Monde, Espagne, Luminaires, Photos De . des illuminations de Noël de Tokyo, et fait une escale par Luminarie à Kobe, . Brussels switched from a tree to this cubic arrangement for this year’s Grand Place display . Son image unit un passé glorieux et une fraîcheur méditerranéenne. . bryansroad bryant bryanthus bryantown bryantpond bryantsstore bryantsville cubbyhouse cubbyyew cubdom cube cubeb cubebs cubed cubelet cubelik gloried glories gloriest glorieta glorieth gloriette glorieuse

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.103336
Retrieved Text: 31 Dec 2015 The Lakers and the Celtics are longtime rivals, but all of that mutual hatred faded away on this Wednesday night. This is Kobe Bryant’s last game in the Garden.
7 Mar 2010 Kobe is a gangsta! March 7th, 2010, game vs Orlando Magic. Mamba couldn't care any less when Matt Barnes (Magic's forward time, now in Memphis) pretended to throw the inbound pass on Kobe's face. Bryant didn't even flinch. Maybe he was in some other world. Watch the video.. You'll never get tired of this video!

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: The word "part" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The government must do its part.
Sentence 2: Religions in all parts of the world.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.057579
Retrieved Text: Participants at a just-ended national consultative conference have bemoaned nepotism, unemployment, mismanagement of nation’s resources, and ‘winner takes all’ syndrome of politicians, among others, as serious sources of conflicts and threat to national peace.
The national consultative conference was organized in Accra by the Ghana Conference of Religions for Peace (GCRP) under the general theme ‘Caring for Our Common Future – Advancing shared wellbeing’.
The conference was one of the four main processes of the preparatory work towards the 10th World Assembly of Religions for Peace International due to be held in August in Lindau, Germany with support from the Federal Government of Germany and the Friends of Lindau.
The processes of the preparatory work for the World Assembly include Project Work; Religious leaders’ regional meetings; Youth and Women Pre-assembly Consultations and National Inter-Religious Councils consultations.
Participants discussed four other sub-themes, namely, ‘Preventing and Transforming Conflicts – including War and Terrorism’, Promoting Just and Harmonious Societies, Working for Sustainable and Integral Human Development, and Protecting the Earth.
Participants were drawn from women, youth and religious leaders from member-organisations of the Ghana Conference of Religions for Peace (GCRP), the Commission of Human Rights and Administrative Justice (CHRAJ), EANFOWORLD for Sustainable Development, an Accra-based CSO, among others.
The Ghana conference of Religions for Peace (GCRP) is the Ghana chapter of the World Conference on Religions for Peace (WCRP) now Religions for Peace (RfP) International. It is affiliated to the African Council of Religious Leaders – Religions for Peace (ACRL-RfP) which is the regional coordinator of twenty-seven (27) National Inter-Religious Councils (NIRCs) in Africa. ACRL-RfP

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.375444
Retrieved Text: The world today is a pioneering effort of a thousand generations and perseverance of a chosen few. In amidst the controversies, wars and rigidness, laid the swarming of the brilliant minds and those brilliant minds made the peace and established the rinsed attitude in the world but even that was obliterated, channeling itself into a world we see with our eyes shut. One of these biggest problem which has ‘pioneered’ the man into oblivion is the idea of superiority of faith.
This world is flooded with religions and to give the exact number, there are 4200 religions in the world according to a recent report by adherents. In this number of religions, is the idea of inter-faith harmony, a genuine agenda to bring the people together by creating an anomaly that all of them are the same. Even though they aren’t.Is feeding baseless ideas to the minds really pouring the blessed peace we intend to produce?
A taboo to one is a religion to another and vice versa. We cannot promote peace and harmony by feeding in the similarities and deflecting away the differences. Negligence is what it is; to adhere to the uncertain things by prioritising another. The world does not need this negligence. Unless we learnt to accept the differences, the harmony cannot prevail itself in this world of today where religious extremism in certain countries is rising to a peak at the same time that religious tolerance is rising in the other parts. Religious tolerance is, perhaps, just a sugar-coated phrase for communities moving away

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.158083
Retrieved Text: Monotheism brought about Christianity which became the largest religion for the modern world with similar beliefs to other religions such as Buddhism. These two basic religions are still in use today after several years of development. These are Christianity and Buddhism, considered to be the two distinctive religious practices of the world. Both cover a large section of the world population and affect masses of people. They took their roots from other older religions. Christianity began from Judaism in the Roman province of Judah about 33 A.D. while Buddhism arose from Hinduism in Nepal, India about 536 B. C. E. There as a blowout of Buddhism from east India to the northern and western parts of the country, upwards in Asia, eastwards down the Silk Road and the south to nearby Islands. Christianity sprang up from Judea upwards to the Mediterranean Sea, and then became the world’s dominant religion, both religion are alive and powerful today. The world still ponders at “what is the best religion today”? Research shows that each country has its own culture with diverse system of beliefs, this is said to be the cause for so many religions in the world today, such as Buddhism, Christianity, Islam, Judaism, Hinduism and Baha’i. Studies shows that each religion has its own features making it difficult to identify the best religion in the world, this paper gives an extensive view at the associated beliefs of these two religious sects Buddhism and Christianity. The reader will see the way Buddhism is more of a reasoning than

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.911777
Retrieved Text: Inija Trinkūnienė is the Krivė (chief priestess) of Romuva, the indigenous religion of Lithuania, and a founding member of the European Congress of Ethnic Religions. Andras Corban-Arthen is spiritual director of the EarthSpirit Community, Vice-Chair of the Parliament of the World’s Religions, and president of the European Congress of Ethnic Religions.
The Parliament of the World’s Religions was created to cultivate harmony among the world’s religious and spiritual communities and foster their engagement with the world and its guiding institutions in order to achieve a just, peaceful and sustainable world. The first Parliament took place in Chicago in 1893, and it continues to be held today in various parts of the world. The Indigenous Plenary, on October 19, 2015, was part of the Salt Lake City Parliament.To watch the Indigenous Plenary in its entirety, please go to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xl8LX….

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.647839
Retrieved Text: I've been exploring various religions recently to see what they have to say.
I started by trying to read the entire Bible, although I'm still in the Old Testament, because I'd like to read it myself rather than just have someone tell me what is in it. I will eventually finish. I'm also in the middle of The Complete Idiot's Guide to World Religions, which briefly skims the major religions of the world. I have finished Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Hinduism and Buddhism and am just getting into other religions around the world. It's interesting to read the basic tenets of each and there are parts to all that I find fascinating.
I won't go into what my personal take on religion is because I really don't want to get into a flame war. But Chris sent me a link to a YouTube video that fits with my current exploration, so I wanted to share it.
I will say that two of the reasons I started this learning quest are 1) the habit of believers of various faiths to try to push their particular religion without worrying about offending anyone who believes differently and yet getting offended if you try to state your point of view and 2) current events including a) insistence that the U.S. is a Christian nation and b) anti-Islamic sentiment. I really don't want to say more because I'd rather not start arguments. But the video above really fits with my quest.
It was an interview with a former nun who now studies world religions. EXCELLENT discussion

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.360725
Retrieved Text: An essential band for sheltered ’90s kids whose parents only let them out of the house for school, church and youth group, Switchfoot were one of those barely crossover bands that straddled the.
Christianity is the most popular of all religions with over 2 billion adherants. For more information read Major Religions of the World.
A reflection upon the numerous religions of the world leaves many people with a profound sense of confusion. Widely divergent beliefs are held by multitudes.
An overview of Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, Judaism, Mormonism and Jehovah’s Witnesses from a conservative Christian perspective. Islam. There are three monotheistic religions in the world, religions that teach that there is only one God: Christianity, Judaism, and Islam.
When these religions began to record their beliefs, rituals, and practices, we find the oldest recorded religion to be Animism, but the oldest oral tradition to be Judaism, which, like many of the other major world religions, traces its roots back to monotheism or one single God or Deity-creator.
A world religions professor explains the basic history, facts and beliefs of several different religions from an educational and faith-neutral perspective.
These free studies examine world religion and religious faiths in light of the Bible. This includes non-Christian religions such as Buddhism, Hinduism, Islam (the Moslem religion), and Judaism. Other resources investigate Paganism and the Occult (witchcraft, sorcery, magic, psychics, and mediums).
This year’s Lent campaign is raising money for all religious sisters who work in countries “hit by war, poverty or where Christians are. to be invisible to the world, we pray for all.
ROME –

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.661469
Retrieved Text: While Wicca might seem like an ancient religion — and has roots in. Some religious denominations refuse modern technology; members of the Amish religion.
While some are more mature than others, the major religions shed light and truth that is worthy. I have been blessed by light that has come from other areas of faith different from my own. And.
Last week, Shohrat Zakir the governor of Xinjiang, spoke to Sky News and denied that the training centers are ‘concentration camps’, saying that "some foreign voices. promote zero tolerance among.
Aug 02, 2011 · Mary was the mother of Jesus. Christians believe she was made pregnant miraculously by God while she was still a virgin. In this section, six academic experts explain what.
I heard so many different stories, but all with the same underlying passion as they spoke. Some of their heroes were celebrity. and the teacher who inspired a student to become a novelist. I had a.
Apr 20, 2007. when caring for patients from a number of different religious traditions. Some patients may keep with them religious objects, such as a.
Mar 17, 2004. ReligionFacts is very inclusive with what is regarded as a "religion" for purposes of this index and this website. Some of these belief systems.
Religions around the world differ widely, but nearly all of them have a designated space for believers to worship in. Although these spaces are different in each religion, they all give the followers of the religion a space to increase their spiritual connection and practice their beliefs.
What is spirituality? How is it

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.53819
Retrieved Text: "This hybrid being carries symbols of many religions coexisting on a fluid surface. Unity does not mean sameness, yet all religions strive to be closer to Divinity. I hope humanity will continue to grow in understanding and love for each other as we recognize the differences between religions as parts of a bigger whole. We are all particles of the Divine being. We are all One."

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.319506
Retrieved Text: “There are some parts of the world that, once visited, get into your heart and won’t go. India is such a place. It was as if all my life I had been seeing the world in black and white and, when brought face-to-face with India, experienced everything re-rendered in brilliant Technicolor”.(Keith Bellows, National Geographic ‘Traveler’ magazine). Nowhere else on Earth presents such a diverse mix of peoples, cultures, religions, climatic zones and geographical contrasts. A visitor to India will see an immense cultural and spiritual wealth. A journey through India will change the way you view the World on so many levels.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.272999
Retrieved Text: When did patriarchy start and why? What explanation did the major world religions offer for women's inferiority? How have their beliefs and scriptures influenced women's lives in different parts of the world where they are the dominant faith?
Gender and Religion, 2nd Edition investigates the statement that the major world religions consider women to be inferior to men by reviewing the religious tracts and laws relating to women. Presenting the socio-political context in which these ideas developed, Barbara Crandall reveals that none of them invented the concept, but accepted it as the custom of human society where and when each began.
Using material on the history of patriarchy and up-to-date discussions of women's achievements, the book explores the way gender issues are addressed in the various sacred texts impacting upon women's education, employment, property and inheritance rights, franchise and participation in government, marriages, rights to their children, practice of religion, and control of their own bodies.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.151188
Retrieved Text: When you compare Christianity to the Pagan religions, you’re not comparing apples to apples, or even apples to oranges. You’re comparing apples to toasters.
-The pagan religions are not religions “of the book”, like the Abrahamic religions (which are relative newcomers to the historical scene). In the modern pagan religions, personal experience equals or trumps any authoritative texts.
-There are no necessary statements of belief in the pagan religions. Hel, you don’t have to believe in anything to be pagan (just like it was for our ancestors).
-This world is sacred to pagans, and not something to necessarily transcended. Many pagans believe they’re coming back here to live again!
-Since the Greek pagan philosophers, pagan ethics has been an exploration of how to best act in different situations, and not the creation of absolute laws of ethical behavior.
To my well-meaning Pagan brothers and sisters who reach out to Christians by citing commonalities, I say this: Paganism won’t ever, ever measure up to Christian standards, no matter how hard you try. Most importantly, Christianity isn’t the supreme religion of world, by which all other religions should be measured. Don’t fall into that trap. Christianity doesn’t corner the market on legitimacy, or morality, or anything. And it sure doesn’t measure up to Pagan standards. Should we strive for peaceful dialogue and coexistence with those of other religions? Of course! It doesn’t mean licking the boots of every fundamentalist who screams devil because we don’t bow down to their god.
We should be too busy figuring out what this current iteration of Paganism is;

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.142855
Retrieved Text: There is also further information and a longer biography.
Thomas Berry was born in Greensboro, North Carolina in 1914. From his academic beginnings as a historian of world cultures and religions, Berry developed into a historian of the Earth and its evolutionary processes. He describes himself as a "geologian."
Berry received his Ph.D. in European Intellectual History with a thesis on Giambattista Vico's philosophy of history. Widely read in Western history, he also spent many years studying the cultural history of Asia. He lived in China and traveled to other parts of Asia. He authored two books on Asian religions, Buddhism and Religions of India (distributed by Columbia University Press).
SO many beautiful tributes are coming from across North America and around the world, suggesting that today marks a new beginning for carrying on the "great work" he began.
I made a couple of posts about Thomas Berry.
See more at Rev's Rumbles.
Rest in peace Thomas Berry, o wise and gracious steward of the earth and of earth's creatures.
He was brilliant. I once knew a nun who left her order to go and live with a group of religious determined to follow what Berry taught. I always wondered what happened to her.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.914608
Retrieved Text: Today, we - young people from different regions of Germany and Europe – have come to Dachau to remember the victims of the inhuman policy of National Socialism. Men, women and children of different religions, peoples and cultures were deprived of their rights, mistreated and murdered. This memorial reminds us that every committed crime is an attack on humanity itself and on every human being. We do not want to forget and want to work so that such an unjust tragedy will never happen again – neither here nor in other parts of the world.
This is the heart of the International World Peace Prayer of religions. Here, with us are representatives of different peoples; victims of National socialist racial hatred. Towards them, men and women of faith express their will to work together to peacefully live together; this is the basis of every religions tradition.
We as young Europeans have been spared. Our generation did not experience war and violent oppression. However, we know that they are still cruel reality in many parts of the world. We also know that dictatorships and wars raged in Europe not long ago. Only if we actively commit ourselves to democracy, peace and human rights we can prevent that this will happen again. This is not only a task for a few politicians and religious leaders, but for every one of us. We are the generation which will live in the future. We are the generation, which has to build this future. In view of the suffering in the past and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.893993
Retrieved Text: Home / Wedding / Here are some customs and rituals that take place at a wedding.
Here are some customs and rituals that take place at a wedding.
There are so many religions in the world and each religion has its own style and way of doing marriages. If anyone is finding for bride and groom, then they can take help from matrimonial services in south Delhi.
In India, there are around 29 states and each state has a different way. There are so many rituals that are common in every religion and culture.
Some of the common customs and rituals that take place in a marriage or wedding are mentioned below as follows. Let’s have a quick look at them.
1. This is the first ritual that takes place in the wedding of all the religion but is known by different names in different parts of the world.
2. Match-making is a custom in all the religions where both the families gather and make matches of the girl and boy.
3. Each religion has its own way of making matches such as in Christian wedding matches are made by seeing the stars whereas in Hindu’s match-making is done by seeing the planets.
1. This is again one of the common rituals that take place in each and every weeding. This is a ritual that is known by different names in different parts. Shagun is also referred to as a pre-engagement ritual.
2. This is a ritual in which the mother-in-law of the new couple showers them with gifts, sweets, dresses, money etc.
3. This ritual

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.769758
Retrieved Text: Historically, paganism was used by Christians to designate any religion or people who were not Christian or Jewish. The pagan religions were those that were not Abrahamic, given that Islam did not emerge until about the 8th century BCE.
Without Christianity, no other faith would be referred to as pagan, as it was used to denigrate religions that came before Christianity, with the exception of Judaism, from which Christianity originated.
Although the terms are often used interchangeably today, paganism is used to refer to the old religions, while modern paganism is known as neopaganism or contemporary paganism, which are new religious movements influenced by the various old pagan beliefs.
Early Christians referred to the people of the Roman Empire who practiced polytheism as "pagans," a term that was near, if not entirely, synonymous with "gentiles" or "heathens." Pagan and paganism were pejorative terms, the implication being that they were inferior to the Christian or Jewish religions. Until modern times, it was considered to be pejorative, the implication being that pagans believed in false gods.
Not much is known of the original pagan religions, although there has been some evidence from anthropology, archeology, and ancient literature.
Paganism has never referred to a single religion, and that is also the case with neopaganism. Most pagan religions were pantheistic, polytheistic, or animistic, although some were monotheistic.
Because little is known of the ancient pagan religions, defining paganism is difficult. Christians referred to a wide variety of diverse cults as a single group, largely as a matter of convenience. The term from which paganism is derived

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.739698
Retrieved Text: It was, however, considered the state religion of East Asian countries in some periods. Today the Chinese, Korean, Japanese and Vietnamese diasporas have brought Confucianism to all parts of the world. Taoism Islam is the largest religion in Asia with approx. 1. 1 billion adherents.
This eating habit further supports the fact that Indian cuisine has witnessed a heavy influence of religion. Hindu Influence on Indian Cuisine The Hindu influence on Indian cuisine is immense.
Article and statistics on the popularity of various religions in the Asian American community, along with how religion, spirituality, and faith affect the daily lives of Asian Americans.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.666855
Retrieved Text: Church leaders have expressed concern recently at the extent to which people are turning from Christianity to new age religion, astrology, and the like. It should come as no surprise. For years now, the church has gone soft on traditional Christian belief. It has encouraged people to reinterpret Christian theology and to bring it up to date. If we do not seem to believe in our faith, it is no wonder that society at large should decide not believe in it either. All that our attempts to make Christianity relevant have done is to drive people back to what used to be believed before Christianity ever came on the scene. It is rather ironic that young people should see pagan beliefs as more relevant to them than Christianity. So much for the desire to be modern.
The problem, though, is a real one. There can be little doubt that religion is back on the agenda. Interest in spirituality is high, but the choice of faiths and the variety of spiritualities on offer is bewildering. When it comes to religion, we are faced with a religious supermarket. It is perhaps no surprise that people are adopting a pick ‘n’ mix approach to religion. A bit of Christianity, a helping of Buddhism, a smattering of astrology and - hey presto!- instant religion.
It was not always so in Britain. It was always the case that the world was full of different religions. There have always been many competing religions, and Christianity has always had to struggle to be heard on

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.610086
Retrieved Text: A Menu of all Maps of Kyrgyzstan as well neighboring regions and nations.
Regular additions and updates !!
A Menu of all Maps of the Kazakhstan and parts there of, as well as neighboring regions, nations and territories.
A Menu of all Maps of Tajikistan as well neighboring regions and nations.
A Menu of all Maps of Nepal (Kingdom) as well neighboring regions and nations.
A Menu of all Satellite Image based Maps of Asia and parts there of, available from AsiaReportcom.
A Menu of all Maps of the Korea, the Korean Peninsula, North- and South Korea, as well as neighboring regions, nations and territories.
A Menu of all Maps of Malaysia (Republic and wider Territories) as wel neighboring regions and nations.
A Menu of all Maps of Mongolia (Republic and wider Territories) as wel neighboring regions and nations.
A Menu of all Geographical and Political Maps of the continent of Asia and nations, plus neighboring regions (Eurasia, Arabia, etc).
Click to Go to the Asia Report Main Menu Map, with Zoom and Scroll Functions. Mouse over the Country of your Interest and get short basic information on each Country.
Once more Click through to the Desired Country and Full Information, Photos, Maps and Photo-Virtual Walks of Cities, Towns, Villages, Monuments, Landmarks and Hotspots covered by www.DrBen.Net and www.AsiaReport.com.
SITE INFORMATION UNDER EDITING - MAP AVAILABLE NOW !!
A Demographic Map depicting the Distribution of the Islamic Faith in China and Asia, as well as Europe and the majority of the continent of Africa.
The predominantly Muslim Xinjiang-Uygur Autonomous Region of China, Parts of Gansu Province and Small Ningxia Hui

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.47683
Retrieved Text: Primary Source Readings in World Religions provides your students with the opportunity to read foundational texts from the major world religions. Through understanding other religions we can create an atmosphere of genuine respect and honest discussion. In doing this we can respond to the invitation Pope Benedict XVI extended to all of us when he said, "I encourage all religious groups in America to persevere in their collaboration and thus enrich public life with the spiritual values that motivate your action in the world" (from Benedict XVI; Meeting with Representatives of Other Religions).

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.439066
Retrieved Text: Price not available at time of review.
Animals and World Religions is a very interesting and information packed book, which is written in an easily readable form at the same time is serves as a text book and reference source of the historical and practiced way religions view animals.
Lisa Kemmerer coins the word "anymals" meaning no-human animals, and uses it throughout the book to simplify which is being referenced.
For us, one of the most interesting features of the book was the very thorough discussion on aboriginal religions, and how they all recognize that they and the anymals are spiritually created alike and deserve to be treated with compassion, which to us positively shows that all peoples, cultures, and religions really knew the truth. However, at the same time, aboriginal cultures created myths to justify the killing of the animals, as if the anymals freely give their lives to the human hunters.
Throughout the remainder of Animals and World Religions, we see that all the major religions also had their foundational belief rooted in this peaceful coexistence that was created to be between all the animals of the world including the environment in which we all live. And like with the aboriginal societies, they also corrupted themselves to justify the exploitation of anymals, and they "hide" the fact about their foundational beliefs in their modern day teachings. The worst case of this distortion of the truth exists in the justification of factory farming and commercial fishing, which Lisa Kemmerer also discusses.
We highly recommend Animals and World Religions to everyone,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.433933
Retrieved Text: East Asian Region: Some of these countries are rich and well developed – others are poor and struggling economically – many depend on foreign aid. In some countries, Christianity is well established, thriving and reaching out to the rest of the world. In many others the church is small and lives tenuously in unsympathetic environments.
Religions: Large parts of East Asia are officially atheist, but traditional religions such as Buddhism and Taoism are also widespread.Christianity has been growing in this region at an amazing rate and estimates of the numbers of Christians in the region range from 50 million to 100 million. There is a significant number of Muslims in the region, particularly in the north-west.
How we’re involved: Some of these countries are rich and well developed – others are poor and struggling economically – many depend on Interserve’s work in several East Asian countries. It is a challenging part of the world in which to work with its many needs and numerous opportunities. There are plenty of places for flexible, servant-hearted, skilled Christians to live and serve and model Christ. Examples of Interserve projects in the region: Engineering, forestry, language teaching, and business.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.41672
Retrieved Text: Guo Gu (Jimmy Yu) is a Chan (Zen) teacher and a scholar. He is the founder of the Tallahassee Chan Center and leads retreats in different parts of the world. He is the author of Essence of Chan and Passing through the Gateless Barrier. As a Buddhist scholar, he teaches at Florida State University and has published many articles on Buddhism and Asian religions.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.400469
Retrieved Text: Located at the agora of Bet She’an, Palestine, these are the remains of a temple built in honor of Dionysus, the protecting god of wine, theaters, emotions, sensuality, and excesses. This deity is part of the polytheism that characterized Greco-Roman society. Many of these religions have disappeared.
A Rich, Growing Variety. As many of you might know or suspect, there is a wide range of religions in the world. No one really knows their exact number, and yet each one of them has its own unique, defining traits, not to mention the commonalities that allow us to study them comparatively.
Impossible to Classify Completely. Given this rich variety, it would be impossible for all religions to coincide in every area and for us to have complete, systematic classifications for all or most of them. Moreover, depending on their philosophical leanings, nature and goals, religions may be classified differently according to different perspectives, fields of expertise, and methodologies. Through many lenses and angles, the possibilities are plentiful.
“Central Beliefs” as a Criterion. For all these reasons and as a first step, it is useful to classify religions according to some more manageable categories. If we take into account their main beliefs , for example, we may easily identify four major types of religions.
a. Religions that do not have a well-articulated notion of God, interact with the mystery and power of nature, and believe that there is a great spirit or force that impacts life in its many facets, may be designated as naturalistic or super-naturalistic. Take, for instance, the ideologies

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.39353
Retrieved Text: Chinese traditional religion China - - - - 1957 Welles, Sam. The World's Great Religions, New York: Time Incorporated (1957); pg. 7. "So tangential are both Confucianism and Taoism to the spiritual life of the Chinese people that, in the old days, a single Chinese often would regard himself in his ethics as a Confucianist, in his cultivation of the occult (something rarely indulged in by the educated) a Taoist, and in his religion (as we use the term) a Buddhist. Yet all the time he probably remained a good deal of a skeptical, earthly materialist. But these are not 'the old days.' Logically, it would seem that the Communists, with their scorn for all religion and their belief in the adequacy of Marxist-approved science to answer all men's questions and needs, would make short shrift of Confucian reverence for the past [etc.]... "
Chinese traditional religion China - - - - 1960 Rutherford, Scott (ed.) East Asia. London: Apa Publications (1998); pg. 42. "Guanyin, the goddess of mercy, originated in Mahayana... Buddhism. Among the many gods in popular Chinese religion, there were also earth deities of streams and rivers were considered to be particularly dangerous unpredictable. Apart from Confucianism, Daoism and Buddhism, there was also a working-class religion known as Daoist Buddhism. "
Chinese traditional religion China - - - - 1970 Cavendish, Richard (ed.). Man, Myth & Magic: An Illustrated Encyclopedia of the Supernatural (vol. 4). New York: Marshall Cavendish Corp. (1970), Chapter author: Marjorie Topley; pg. 457. "Religion in China has always been deeply embedded

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.388971
Retrieved Text: I’m a devout Unitarian Universalist. A lot of people take that as an oxymoronic joke. But I mean it.
For about half the world — where the Abrahamic religions dominate the culture — being “devout” can only mean going regularly to a house of worship and praying to a creator god who determines our individual fates. My Merriam-Webster dictionary app seems to support the view, at least with its first few definitions, that religion is about “belief in a god or a group of gods.” Eventually, it gets to this definition for religion: “a cause, principle, or system of beliefs held to with ardor and faith.” That’s my idea of religion.
Religion is where we go to seek answers to the hardest questions of life, where we go to find comfort when tragedies overtake us, and where we go to celebrate life’s passages. For about half the world, where we go is not a place to worship an Abrahamic god. And I’d suggest that many Christians, Jews, Muslims and others who do worship an Abrahamic god see the deity in figurative terms, not as the supreme being described in the Torah, the Bible or the Koran.
Although it doesn’t always live up to its ideals, Unitarian Universalism encourages us to do the hard work of finding our own paths, our own truths, building our own theology. UUism has strengthened my journey into Buddhism, which of course is a non-theistic religion, but I would not call myself a devout Buddhist. I have not in recent years carried on a daily

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.372034
Retrieved Text: For We all know, modest clothing was worn by Muslim girls for many years. It’s a practice that’s in accord with their faith. But dressing modestly might be an individual’s choice as well and it doesn’t matter what their faith or cultural background is as it’s not just the Muslim women that can do so. I guess it’s essential that eve as young as teens are taught how to dress appropriately in the world today.
However, You may Also ask yourself what small clothing is or are you sporting a modest dress. The clothing is deemed modest if it’s loose fitting and covers significant body parts. Colors are also another element that you’ve got to think about and for spiritual people blue, brown, white and black are suitable colors while the brighter ones such as pink, orange and red aren’t. But various religions have their own color preferences.
Catholic people for The Orthodox Jewish girls should wear headscarves and should from clothes that are too tight and show off parts of the body such as elbows, knees and arms. Muslim women also practice small clothing by wearing something which covers their whole body excluding the hands. Faces are covered or not based on the beliefs. But due to the influence of the Western world, modest clothing is slowly being disregarded nowadays.
In the USA, modest clothing is The Pentecostal faith on the other hand is to not wear slacks and jeans and just dresses and skirts. Make up and jewelry are also significant part modest clothing.
Clothing is enforced among

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.262712
Retrieved Text: The concept Christianity and other religions represents the subject, aboutness, idea or notion of resources found in Brigham Young University.
Can Christians learn from other religions?
Christ and other masters: : an historical inquiry into some of the chief parallelisms and contrasts between Christianity and the religious systems of the ancient world. With special reference to prevailing difficulties and objections.
Christ in a post-Christian world : how can we believe in Jesus Christ when those around us believe differently--or not at all?
Das Urchristentum in Rahmen der antiken Religionen.
Für den Christusglauben! gegen den neueren Jesuskultus gegen die moderne Verkennung des Heilandes!
Is there only one true religion or are there many?
Ist die Bibel von Indien abhängig?
Jesus Christus oder Buddha, Mohammed, Hinduismus?
Mormonism : an Eastern religion?
Primitive Christianity and its non-Jewish sources.
Primitive Christianity in its contemporary setting.
Religiöse Strömungen im 1. Jahrhundert n. Chr.
So, what's the difference? : A Biblical comparison of orthodox Christianity with major religions and major cults.
Synesius of Cyrene and the American "Synesii"
The challenge of the world religions.
The mystery-religions and Christianity; : a study in the religious background of early Christianity.
Towards a theology of religions.
What are they saying about non-Christian faith?
Why Christianity of all religions?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.225233
Retrieved Text: All Posts Tagged: "Texas Supreme Court"
A chronology of the progress of The Local Church et al v. Harvest House et al, the libel litigation concerning the Encyclopedia of Cults and New Religions.
A press release concerning the Texas Supreme Court’s decision not to review the Court of Appeals decision in The Local Church et al v. Harvest House et al.
The Motion for Rehearing filed by The Local Church et al with the Texas Court of Appeals after the court’s decision in the libel case over the Encyclopedia of Cults and New Religions.
A letter written after the end of the case over the Encyclopedia of Cults and New Religions to those who do not meet with the local churches but who followed the case’s progress.
A letter written after the end of the case over the Encyclopedia of Cults and New Religions to the believers who meet in the local churches.
The Response to Petition for Review filed with the Texas Supreme Court in response to a filing by Harvest House et al asking the court to not review the case.
An amicus letter brief by apologist Gretchen Passantino filed with the Texas Supreme Court concurring with Hank Hanegraaff’s amicus brief on the dangers of protecting the word cult from defamatory meaning.
An amicus brief filed with the Texas Supreme Court signed by scholars in the fields of religion and the social sciences arguing that the Court of Appeals had failed its obligation to balance First Amendment rights against the social values underlying defamation law.
An amicus brief submitted by eight individuals to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.151106
Retrieved Text: The Department of World Religions has programs that lead to a Certificate in Religion, an Associate of Religion degree, a Bachelor of Religion (completion) degree, and a Master's degree in Religion. We desire to see every graduate become equipped to join God’s mission to transform people and places from all tribes, tongues and religions through Jesus Christ, as well as to mobilize others to also engage in God’s mission. God’s gracious invitation to the church is to join him in that mission of redemption -- the Department of World Religion will teach you how to understand religious peoples.
Globally, religious diversity is on the rise. Travel, immigration, and the Internet allow adherents of different faiths to interact and exchange ideas like never before. With the click of a button, we can be in contact with individuals on the other side of the world who have radically different theologies and practices than our own. How can we understand the complex and deeply personal nature of other religious traditions and how can we effectively communicate the gospel to people whose religious beliefs are so foreign to our own?
The Department of World Religions seeks to provide students with the tools to engage those from non-Christian religious traditions. It does so by exposing students to the belief systems of traditional religions such as Hinduism, Buddhism and Islam, and also new religious groups and sects that are less well known. Becoming conversant in the worldviews of others equips students to find points of contact for meaningful discussion and inroads to share the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.139927
Retrieved Text: Religion is a set of cultural system coupled with a set of beliefs observed and followed by a given group of people seeking to understand self and the universe as a whole. Some religions consist of members from a small, homogeneous group of people; for example, an ethnic group, while others cut across ethnic, cultural and racial barriers. It is this latter form of religions which transcend geographical borders that qualify as universal religions. Thus, a universal religion is one, which has followers not confined to a particular geographical location but rather has adherence and followers among various people of the world, irrespective of their cultures, nationalities or race.
Major universal religions of today had their worldwide spread influenced by number of factors. Three among the universal religions – Christianity, Islam and Buddhism, spread to various part of the globe through their ‘missionaries’ or through other historical events which helped their doctrines and teachings appeal to many. The missionary mode of spreading these religions was to a greater extent a voluntary acceptance of the beliefs by new converts. The missionaries had to 'sell' their religion through teachings, which appeal to the masses. For example, Buddha missionaries will emphasis the concept of equality in their religion appealing to many of the new converts who felt oppressed by the caste system that does not recognize equality of all humans. Many of the factors were more complex that helped the wide spread of these religion.
The adapting by the political system to religion helped to strengthen and spread these religions. The

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: The word "earshot" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: I'll row out on the lake but stay within earshot.
Sentence 2: The children were told to stay within earshot.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 26.077702
Retrieved Text: We all know the difficulty in functioning within a noisy hospital. But in hospitals we don't always have the option of suggesting that we move our discussion to a quiet coffee shop instead. Noise pollution in hospitals is an issue that confronts us all as hospital workers.
Hello, Ms. Earshot, my name's Dr. Bellow. What brings you in today? Did you say you're feeling meeker? Oh, weaker. Actually, I think I heard you that time, and what makes you think I'm a proctor? Oh, doctor! You want me to do you a favor? You have a fever? That makes more sense. Could you speak a bit louder and tell me how long you have been in Spain?
We all know the difficulty in functioning within a noisy hospital. Patients and families chattering, machines buzzing and pinging, hospital staff shouting orders, construction workers banging: The sound levels could often be mistaken for a casino or a pub. But in hospitals we don't always have the option of suggesting that we move our discussion to a quiet coffee shop instead. Noise pollution in hospitals is an issue that confronts us all as hospital workers.
In 1999, the World Health Organization produced “Guidelines for Community Noise,” which state that noise should not exceed an average of 30 dB in hospital rooms and that peaks should not exceed 40 dB during the night. To put those numbers in perspective, a vacuum cleaner is between 70 to 80 dB, a normal voice is between 50 to 60 dB and a quiet library is around

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.493107
Retrieved Text: Bleets - a vegetable grown for the sweet purple roots. The root is ready to harvest when the plants put out round, white, fluffy blossoms. The worst pest is wolf-beetles. Some gardeners have recently begun to combat beetle outbreaks by using llama wasps. Bleets are notorious for staining wool garments.
Flocolli - Green cabbage family vegetable grown for the flower heads, eaten in the bud. If allowed to bolt, the seeds queue up in "v" shapes and fly south for the winter.
Plumpkins - Similar to the more familiar squash-family member, but even rounder and with impish smiles. Look lovely in sun bonnets, which can be used to prevent sunburn.
Monkmelons - Rarely grown due to low yields. Each plot will grow only one, and they avoid companion planting. Very difficult to pollenate. Seeds grow into peculiar shapes, like little black medieval Latin characters. Some gardeners insist the plants do better if exposed to chant.
Tomandos - The crack troops of the garden, crossing enemy lines and setting explosive red globes packed with vitamin C.
Lemon Blam - mistaken for an herb, this actually refers to the guilty pleasure of eating lemon meringue pie hot out of the oven.
Porous chorus chard - Mild leafy vegetable, with tall curly leaves full of holes like Swiss cheese. On windy days a row of this chard sounds off in four part harmony. Recently taken as the patron vegetable of glee clubs.
One row of the Porous, which we had within earshot of the monkmelon, sang nothing but "Glow little glowworm..." for three weeks. The melon

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.228914
Retrieved Text: Islamists hurled a grenade at an outdoor Christian prayer service in Kenya. Two people were killed.
According to International Christian Concern (ICC), more Christians have been attacked in Kenya.
Jonathan Racho received first word of the deadly incident against more than 150 Christians.
A witness told ICC three people sitting in a parked car near the site threw the grenade and drove away.
“And at the time when Christians were holding the service, Muslims were also holding a meeting 900 feet from the scene of the attack,” Racho notes. “The Muslims were holding their own prayer, were vilifying Christianity” within earshot of the worshiping Christians.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.971718
Retrieved Text: No experience necessary - Free instruction!
There is no better way to experience the incredible beauty of Lake Tahoe than from the lake itself. We provide open-deck from Ocean Kayak, Necky, and Perception. The open-deck (sit-on-top) kayaks are popular with beginners and enjoyed by experts alike.
Open-deck kayak rentals include life vests, paddles, backrests, and basic instruction. Paddleboard rentals include paddle, leash, life vest and basic instruction. Dry bags are also available at an extra charge.
Cash and Credit Cards (No AMEX) accepted at all locations. Please bring an ID with you when you come to rent.
Our Club B.O.B. members enjoy a season pass for all of our rental equipment. Give us a call for details!
Call us at (530) 544-2011 for information on group discounts (Mornings at Timber Cove only).
MINIMUM age for participants is 4 years old and the participant must weigh over 30 lbs.
Minors ages 13 to 17 MUST be watched at all times by a parent/guardian 18 years of age or older. The parent/guardian MUST always stay within earshot of the minor(s).
Minors 12 and under MUST be accompanied on the water by a parent/guardian 18 years of age or older. This can be on single kayaks, paddleboards or double kayaks. The minor and parent/guardian can be on a Paddleboard together if the minor is under 90 lbs. Two participants on the same Paddleboard will NOT be allowed to paddle to Fannette Island (Emerald Bay).
Participant MUST be over the age of 15 to take their own vessel (kayak or Paddleboard) to Fannette Island (Emerald Bay).
Print out a copy

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.705133
Retrieved Text: Deep in the heart of Texas lies one of the Hill Country’s best-kept secrets: Lake Travis. Our selection of Lake Travis vacation homes and condo rentals will give you a front-row seat to the best of Central Texas lake life. Whether you’re a local looking for a waterskiing staycation or you’re coming from far away to indulge your love of all things lake, we’ve got a rental just for you.
Where are our Lake Travis vacation rentals and condos?
Lake Travis is really a dammed portion of the Colorado River, so there’s a lot of variety along its long and winding banks. There’s plenty of lake life to enjoy inside Austin’s city limits, including restaurants like the iconic, multi-story Oasis. A quick drive out of town, you’ll find the laid-back vacation and retirement community of Marble Falls. Spicewood is a great lake destination, too, situated in between the city and Marble Falls.
If you’re looking for luxury, Lakeway is the place to be. Our Lakeway vacation rentals offer a chic retreat within easy reach of the water. Lago Vista is another great option on the northern side of the lake. Our homes in Leander are ideal for those who want to stay within easy driving distance of Lake Travis, but still want quick access to the highway into downtown Austin.
If you’re staying in a Lake Travis vacation rental, odds are you’re a fan of lake activities. With its wide bends, mild water, and hot sunshine, Lake Travis is the perfect place for taking the boat out, dropping an anchor,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.337234
Retrieved Text: The other day while I was finishing my morning routine, it occurred to me that kids could do the “row the boat” to release tension in their bodies. I know it releases tension in mine. So, here it is! Practice with your child for a family moment of relaxation and connection.
First, with your hands at your sides, gently bounce up and down, gently shaking your entire body. This begins to shake free stored tension in the organs and muscles–and it feels so good!!!
Shake shake shake, bouncing the tension out.
Next, raise your hands up in front of you, palms down, holding them at chest level by your ribcage. Hold your hands loosely open, thumbs open. As you inhale, extend your arms out in front of you until they are extended straight out in front.
Exhaling, float your arms down, palms staying open until they reach waist height. Then draw them back in towards your body, raising them slowly up to rest at chest level (palms still down) once again.
You should make a big circle with your hands. Pay attention that your arms and hands stay relaxed to promote greater energy flow within. Repeat these circles slowly and rhythmically for several cycles. As you get the hang of it, invite your child to close his eyes and pay attention to how his hands feel as he circles through the movements. Then draw attention to the arms. Finally check in with the entire body. See how slow and rhythmically you can complete it.
Engage the imagination to further promote relaxation! Row

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.262257
Retrieved Text: For this lesson, you need to open the sample file "Sales Report" from your Sample Files folder.
When data is arranged in a block, as it is in the Sales Report, it's referred to as a range. You'll often want to select a row or a column within a range or even the entire range. Now I did that very quickly, but this is a very small range: it only has five columns and 16 rows. But you'll often work with huge ranges, perhaps encompassing hundreds or even thousands of rows and columns. And selecting using the mouse would be very tedious.
In this lesson you'll learn how to select range rows, range columns, and entire ranges with a few clicks of the mouse or a few key presses on the keyboard.
Let's begin by considering the problem of selecting all of the cells in Row 7 that are also within the range. To do that, I'll begin by clicking in cell A7. I'll then hover the cursor carefully over the right hand border of the selected cell until I see the four-headed-arrow cursor shape.
Now be very careful that you don't see the black-cross cursor shape. We'll be using that cursor shape later in this session. You need the four-headed-arrow cursor shape.
When you're sure that you have the four-headed-arrow cursor shape, hold down the Shift key on the keyboard and double click with the mouse. And all of the cells in row 7 that are also within the range are now selected.
Selecting a column within a range is very

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.24204
Retrieved Text: New Hampshire's salt water ocean beaches are sometime overlooked by travelers from outside New England, simply because the state has only a short stretch of Atlantic Ocean coastline. Short as it is, the New Hampshire coastline is a beauty. A number of state-managed beaches offer wide, sandy expanses for play and out of the salt water. Adjacent waterfront lodging, including the category of beach and ocean resorts , allows you to find rooms, dining, and entertainment within earshot of the surf.
Beaches in New Hampshire cover a beautiful gamut of fresh water, inland beaches. Big recreational lakes, among many, are Winnipesaukee and Squam lakes, where generations of families from inside and outside the state enjoy water fun. Lake resorts offer plenty of room for families to stretch out between forays to the water for swimming, fishing, and boating.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.649273
Retrieved Text: Around 15 shabby guesthouses and hostels, many set above restaurants and bars, offer dirt-cheap private rooms within clear earshot of the nightlife in Lonely Beach village. If we were still in our twenties, on a bender and feeling the need to stay in this area, Marco Guest House would be our choice.
Set in a shack-like wooden house on the same lane as Stone Free and within earshot of the village’s main nightlife lane, Marco was named after the affable Italian owner who cooks up delicious pizza that you can enjoy at a long communal table on the ground floor. Climb upstairs to find a relaxing open-sided common room with hammocks, floor cushions and, during our visit, Marco’s lazy white dog was sprawled out on the floor.
With a few found on either floor, rooms are small and basic but the ones we peeked into looked beyond acceptable, considering how they fetch less cash than a lot of the bunks in Lonely Beach’s hostels. Single rooms are tiny and doubles have a little more space, but they all come with thin wood walls, firm mattresses, fans and windows. All guests use a couple of shared bathrooms with hot-water showers and minimal space.
Though popular with Italians in particular, the guesthouse attracts all sorts of backpackers and is a good choice if you’re travelling solo on a tight budget. Meeting other guests is easy at an intimate place like this, and free WiFi is available. The location places you in the heart of Lonely Beach village, about a 10-minute walk

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.43665
Retrieved Text: where there is a gondola on the small lake they have on the property.
I've posted about this place in the past.
and Felix at Row Venice shared some info with us last year about an event there as well - see "Shakespeare in Gondola"
from this screen capture Nereo sent me.
I love to see gondolas in places like this.
More than that, I love to row them.
Maybe someday I'll get the opportunity to row this one.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.420078
Retrieved Text: auditory modality, sound, listening, audience, hearing, sense of hearing, auditory sense, audition.
" Well, Mr. Stanton," the inspector went on, lowering his voice, though there was nobody within earshot, " in the wood ashes was found what looks like a most important clue. - "The House by the Lock", C. N. Williamson.
As I saw them, somewhat beyond earshot, they and their disciples formed a spectacle which was always interesting, and, so far as the human desire for information is affecting, was also affecting. - "Roman Holidays and Others", W. D. Howells.
He strode forward, and, taking her horse by the bridle, led it a little way apart, and as soon as they were out of earshot fell into an eager conversation with its rider. - "The Lady Of Blossholme", H. Rider Haggard.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.403612
Retrieved Text: Follow the rules of the road on Lake Carnegie—stay to the right. Imagine the lake as a highway, with an imaginary line down the center. Do not cross into the oncoming lane under any circumstances. Also, stay off of the imaginary "shoulder" on your right side, where it's very shallow.
Always go through the arch which is second from the right as you face either bridge, in either direction.
Wakes: Alert your crew to stay relaxed as they row through a wake. Tell them which side it's coming from.
Debris: Steer around it. If you get close to a something floating in the water, tell the rowers on that side to "watch your oars."
Fishing boats: Don't expect them to move. We share the lake with others, so please be considerate of them. But it is you who must get out of the way.
Sailboats: They have the right of way. Avoid the far end of the lake when there are sailboat races going on.
To help the coaches help us, wait for them at an agreed upon place on the water. They will not be able to coach your crew if you take off down the lake alone. Stay next to any other boats grouped with you under the same coach.
To avoid collisions and confusion, remember to communicate as often as necessary with the coach and other boats.
Never cut the comer at either of the two major turns on the lake. Stay to the right at all times.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.298943
Retrieved Text: Hope, as much as air or water, is crucial for life. One’s heart and lungs may continue to function mechanically without it, but the resulting withering is undeniable.
I often wonder in this column if I’m conveying fictitious images of our family as a Duluth version of the Swiss Family Robinson. I frequently write about an amazing adventure our family enjoyed, and love sharing these with all of you in an effort to encourage families and individuals to step out and enjoy the wonders to be explored in our community and world.
However, there rarely is space to share the often more numerous stories of adventures and other experiences that were merely endured. This story is being written a few days after one summer vacation that didn’t go as planned, and the night before another trip that I hope will go better.
The last “vacation” was spent beside a beautiful bog a mere mile from the Boundary Waters in a gorgeous private log cabin with no other cabins or dwellings within site or earshot. The craftsmanship put into the dwelling was impressive, and it even came with an authentic Finnish sauna that we enjoyed daily. It would be the perfect getaway in fall or winter, but add heat and hordes of hungry bugs and you have a recipe for whiney kids who couldn’t find their groove.
What had been conceived as a marvelous opportunity to vacation in a wilderness setting with our kids’ Grandma, Grandpa, and a long lost uncle, ended up being a bit of a letdown unfortunately.
And yet,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.22086
Retrieved Text: auditory modality, sound, listening, audience, hearing, sense of hearing, auditory sense, audition.
" Well, Mr. Stanton," the inspector went on, lowering his voice, though there was nobody within earshot, " in the wood ashes was found what looks like a most important clue. - "The House by the Lock", C. N. Williamson.
As I saw them, somewhat beyond earshot, they and their disciples formed a spectacle which was always interesting, and, so far as the human desire for information is affecting, was also affecting. - "Roman Holidays and Others", W. D. Howells.
He strode forward, and, taking her horse by the bridle, led it a little way apart, and as soon as they were out of earshot fell into an eager conversation with its rider. - "The Lady Of Blossholme", H. Rider Haggard.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.165754
Retrieved Text: Washington D.C. has been nicknamed “the swamp;” but Lake Lansing, in Michigan’s capital, is better described as an “oasis.” While the sharks are swimming downtown, a 10-minute drive to the east up Saginaw Highway - coupled with a right turn to the end of Lake Lansing Road – soothes swimmers with a freshwater, fun “staycation” at Lake Lansing Park South’s beach.
Paddle boats may be rented and live bands play at 7 p.m. each Friday evening in the summer. The music is within earshot of the adjacent rooftop patios of the Blue Gill Grill(yes the nautical-themed has the little fishies on the menu – though they were not caught in the adjacent lake) and the Mayfair Bar. Mark’s Watershed, just across Marsh Road, is another restaurant which offers a ground level patio and caters to an after dark crowd, too.
The 461-acre Lake Lansing is the largest body of water within 30 miles of the capital and has a maximum depth of 34-feet. Typically the waves are occupied by anglers in the morning; occasional skiers and tubers that have dropped their speedboats in via the public ramp at Lake Lansing Park North in the afternoon; and, during happy hour, rag bag racers from either the Lansing Sailing Club or the Michigan State University sailing facility. The aquatic day ends with a pontoon fleet of homeowners motoring out and about to see stunning sunsets and sip chardonnay.
Cruising along the lakeshore can be like a tour of the star’s homes since notables living on the lake include former attorney general

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.165503
Retrieved Text: John, who imagines himself to be Don Juan languishing in hell, lectures everyone within earshot about the nature of heaven and hell, good and evil, man's purpose in life, and everything in between.
Four women gain new insights to laughter, romance, and themselves during a month-long stay in an Italian villa in the 1920's.
Jake, a novelist who faces a marital crisis by daydreaming about the women in his life: his dead first wife, his daughter, his bossy sister, an opinionated analyst, his current wife and a prospective third wife.
The dilemma of a middle-class Texas family unable to comprehend and deal with the deep-seated disaffection of their Vietnam veteran son.
The wealthy Birling family's dinner is interrupted by a police inspector who brings news that a girl has died in suspicious circumstances. But who is the mysterious Inspector?
What if Dickens' Mrs. Cratchit wasn't so goody-goody, but instead was an angry, stressed-out modern-day American woman who wanted out of this harsh London 1840s life?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.070923
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Lake Lugano (Lago Di Lugano or Ceresio) travel information and tourist guide for visitors travelling to one of the most beautiful regions of Southern Switzerland.
Lake Lugano is nestled between Lake Maggiore and Lake Como and lies partly in Switzerland and partly in Italy. It's footprint straddles the Swiss-Italian border with 67% of its surface area falling within the Canton of Ticino, Switzerland, and 33% of it in the Lombardy Region of Northern Italy.
Although the smallest of the three lakes, Lake Lugano lacks for nothing in beauty, character or charm and its Mediterranean type climate ensures it remains popular all year round with visitors from around the world. Lake Lugano is unique in the sense that when viewed from above its shape takes on the form of a river that twists and turns its way through the Ticino (French - Tessin) landscape. This is emphasised by the fact that even at its widest point the lake only manages to span a maximum distance of around 3km from shore to shore. But these characteristics and the myriad of picturesque Venetian-style villages found clinging to its rugged shoreline are some of the very things that make Lake Lugano the popular tourist destination that it is today.
Lake Lugno's waters and mountainous backdrop make the region a haven for watersports, hiking, trekking, mountain-biking, horse-riding, sailing, golfing and various other outdoor pursuits. While the towns and villages around the lake like Gandria, Morcote, Carona, Porlezza, Melide, San Mamete and Campione d'Italia offer visitors a world of history and culture

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.790035
Retrieved Text: We are having a wonderful summer. We arrived in Eureka, South Dakota on May 5th. Eureka is a small town about 80 miles northwest of Aberdeen. It is my husband's home town. Several years ago we purchased a lot that is almost on the lake in town. (We have a highway and a row of trees between us and the lake). It is a beautiful spot. Last year we had electrical, sewer and water put in. This allows us to pull our 5th wheel up and hook it up. It is a cross between having a cabin on a lake and having a camper that we can pull across the United States.
In order to expand our living space while we are in Eureka, we decided to build a gazebo. At first my husband thought he would build it from scratch. But then he saw a gazebo kit on the internet. It is manufactured by an Amish family in Pennsylvania.
He has had such fun putting it up. There are still a couple of things to do but it should be done this week.
I've already worked on my applique project but am looking forward to setting up my sewing machine under it's beautiful dome.
The foundation is poured. The kit arrives. The floor goes down. The frame goes up.
The sides go on. The roof goes up in sections. The weathervane goes up. Almost complete.
How are needles and pins made?
For many years, I have included in my quilt talks a hint about threading a needle. I have pointed out that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.653482
Retrieved Text: In an area about three hours away from the bustling city of Durban lies an oasis tucked away in the Southern Drakensberg. Lake Naverone is a collection of self-catering cottages perfect for escaping the constantly-connected rush of modern living. As one travels on the winding roads towards Underberg, they can feel their troubles floating away and evaporating with each pine tree forest they pass. It’s like taking a mental deep breath, and letting go.
I have been lucky enough to visit Lake Naverone (fondly known as ‘Lake Nav’ by regular visitors and locals) twice this past festive season. My first visit took place one weekend in November, with just that two-night stay leaving me longing to return instantly. Thankfully, it was not long until I was able to visit my new-found sanctuary once more. Returning to Underberg for an end of year escape, my family and I had booked into accommodation that had professed much on their website, yet left much to be desired once we had arrived. In a leap of faith, we contacted the Lake Naverone reception, knowing that acquiring accommodation for the week was a long shot but utterly desperate to save our holiday. In no more than an hour, the friendly reception staff had organised for us to stay in four different cottages over the course of the week, which we eagerly accepted.
As a result, I have stayed in cottages on either side of Lake Naverone, as well as in cottages alongside the smaller dam just below. The cottages are very cosy, each

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.579239
Retrieved Text: Anne McAllister's Blog!: Gunnar's Pick!
Gunnar and The Prof have come up with another winner.
Of course you're all winners in my book, but this week's winner of the five book give-away is Patricia!
Congratulations, Patricia. Now you'll have more multi-tasking to do while you read all the books as well as do all the other stuff you have in your life!
Go to my website and hit the Contact Anne tab to send me your snail mail address and I'll post your books as soon as I can. Hope you enjoy them!
Gunnar says he wants to pick more winners because having to wait for Saturdays for his treats is getting old. But I like going to the post office once a week, so we shall see who persuades whom.
In the meantime I'm trying to get Seb and Neely out of the gate. They have less than two weeks to get all their frogs in a row (we've gone off ducks this year. It's the year of the frog hereabouts -- which is appropriate seeing as how the back yard has been a swamp since the snow cleared off). So wish them luck. The frogs are hopping every which way at the moment.
How exciting I've never won before. Thanks Anne. Reading is such a joy it doesn't seem like a multi task. Heading over to send my address.
Thanks for your address, Patricia. I'll send the books on Monday. Hope you enjoy them!
And thanks to everyone else who commented. You're still in this coming week's drawing, so stay tuned!
Anne - now

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.551397
Retrieved Text: Sometimes I think to myself, why do? Why anything? I ask this of myself at a time and you know I manage to hit C rank consistently....It's no big deal but. But. This is from playing games against D+ ranked people mostly since the C- and above players i feel have already migrated to Fish server.
Like the Fish when the lake freezes where do they go? Where on earth do the fish go I mean do they stay in the lake or do they somehow fly off like the geese that migrate south when the harsh winter comes rolling in. I'll be like the fish just staying cooped up frozen in a river until it defrosts during the summer. It's just like that book Catcher in the Rye and the main character who's this troubled lonely depressed teenager reaches out to some people. He talks to a random taxi driver asking where the fish go. Where on EARTH do they go though? Probably one of the more pressing questions the book never answered.
Like the Fish though I feel like I'm gonna stay cooped in one place, and that's the C rank. I'll have to try and shoot higher but as of now I don't have the drive i used to. Maybe that's me getting crochety but I feel like I've forgotten how to play the zvp matchup. I remember I'd look at VODs a lot, especially on moletraps and klazart's channels. They don't do sc vids anymore. no they do not. Trust me though, I'll be

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.50195
Retrieved Text: What you should do when it's 'lights out' underground.
EMERGENCY SITUATION: You're caving with your crew when your light source burns out. Your batteries and other lights are in your pack, which is missing. And now you've become separated. How do you survive?
SOLUTION: If you’re in the Bat Cave, no worries. Alfred will probably be along soon enough. But if you’re not, you’ll need to take some specific steps to avoid injury. Or worse.
First, stop moving. Immediately. This is the most important step in cave survival. Wandering around in a cave without a light source is a recipe for disaster. You will almost surely fall, smash into something hard (stalactite, rock face), become completely disoriented, or otherwise be in worse shape than you were before you wandered.
Next, call out. Loudly and repeatedly. Or better yet, use your emergency whistle. Since you were with your crew a few minutes ago, they are certainly within earshot. A whistle can be heard from greater distances than the human voice, so blow it periodically and also shout for help. Continue to yell until you hear a response, or you risk potential rescuers getting out of earshot before they notice your absence.
Even if you don’t get a response, don’t panic. The rule of thumb for being lost is the same in a cave as it is for the surface: As long as someone knows you’re lost, it’s best to stay put and wait for rescue. You can survive in a cave overnight if you have to, but wandering around won’t help your

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.438868
Retrieved Text: To Lam Sang Wai this weekend, to see it before it disappears. Lam Sang Wai is an area of wetland near Yuen Long. It was certainly wet when I saw it because we had constant rain, but some of it is wet all the time. It is a rare piece of landscape for Hong Kong, being completely flat throughout. Neglected fishponds and paddy fields abound. Some of it looks like the Norfolk Broads, or like the Norfolk Broads before they were tidied up for tourism. Some of it looks a bit like the famous West Lake, with causeways dotted with trees running along the horizon. Few of the traditional residents are still there. The place is very quiet, though parts are within distant earshot of the Yuen Long Industrial Area. Birds chirp, butterflies flutter by.
The place boasts Hong Kong’s only remaining manpowered ferry. You stand on a sampan and a gentleman rows standing up and facing forward, with two rather short oars fitted with handles on the end to make them easier to feather. I have never seen this arrangement in Hong Kong before – the fishing boatpeople scull over the stern with a single oar. No doubt it’s a good arrangement for a river boat.
There is a long road round the outside of the area, which seems to have been built to provide the Drainage people with access to the river bank. This has been extensively remodelled. We tried to cut through the middle of the peninsula, which was very quiet and spooky, but the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.414486
Retrieved Text: My son who is five has begun to notice that people come in all shapes and sizes. And twice now he has commented that someone was particularly “wide.” Regrettably they have both been within earshot of the person he was referring.
The first time he said this, we were out shopping. I apologized profusely to the man and quickly pulled my son aside.
To him, a comment on stature is much like a comment on hair color or shoes. But, it is not. I explained to him that we only say kind things to people out loud and keep any thoughts that may be unkind or could hurt someone’s feeling inside our head.
For the next several days we talked about people coming in different shapes and sizes. From basketball players on TV to a kid on one of the teeny bopper shoes my daughter watches that is particularly short – we had several good conversations about people being different than us. We discussed (in a preschool way) that it is cool to have friends who are different, and that everyone has feelings and we should be nice to them.
I silently patted myself on the back, and thought we were done with this topic for a few years.
As I tried to crawl under the door mat while simultaneously apologizing, my daughter said the perfect thing. She looked at her brother and said, “Yep. And God loves him just how he is. And he looks so happy.” He agreed with his sister and told me he was sorry he said

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.365574
Retrieved Text: For the seventh year in a row, I'll be watching the Super Bowl away from home. The first three years were to El Paso, including moving to town on Super Bowl Sunday 2009. Then Salt Lake City in 2010, Manila in 2011 and 2012 in Augusta. Of course, I never plan on being out of town for the Super Bowl - its just that I don't plan for the super bowl. At all.
I spend Monday nights in the fall at Monday Night Football, but that is a social event for me - it just happens to have a football game on as well. Every year, without fail it seems, I book a business trip and a week or two before I realize "oh. I'm flying that day"
So today is Super Bowl Sunday and I'm flying off on a bit of a surprise trip - more details soon!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.23052
Retrieved Text: Triathlon is in the midst of a resurgence in New Zealand and some of the country's top athletes battled it out in Rotorua over the weekend.
The Blue Lake Multisport Festival's King and Queen of the Lake series attracted one of its strongest fields ever and it was Gisborne's Tayler Reid and Auckland's Ainsley Thorpe who claimed the respective titles.
Reid, the current under-23 world champion and 2018 Commonwealth Games bronze medallist, was dominant on Saturday.
He won the Go Physio Aquathon (5.5km forest run and 800m swim) in 27m 59s, ahead of former under-23 cross triathlon world champion Kyle Smith (28m 4s) and Rotorua's Xterra Asia-Pacific champion Sam Osborne (28m 20s).
Reid backed that up in the afternoon with a win in the Swim T3 2km Open Water Swim, finishing first in 26m 7s, just ahead of Sam Ward (26m 10s) and Smith (26m 11s).
Yesterday, the series came to a head with the Cycle Zone Sprint Triathlon (750m swim, 16km cycle, 5.5km run).
"I wasn't feeling so good this morning, it's hard doing three races in a row, but it was a cool weekend of training and racing. I was really happy to win the aquathon and the open water swim - I was hoping to get the clean sweep today but Sam was too quick on the run and Hayden got me within the last 800m," Reid said.
Ward won the triathlon in 54m 28s ahead of Hayden Wilde (54m 33s). Reid came in third with a time of 54m 44s which was enough to take the overall title.
"I'm stoked

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.206507
Retrieved Text: Around 15 shabby guesthouses and hostels, many set above restaurants and bars, offer dirt-cheap private rooms within clear earshot of the nightlife in Lonely Beach village. If we were still in our twenties, on a bender and feeling the need to stay in this area, Marco Guest House would be our choice.
Set in a shack-like wooden house on the same lane as Stone Free and within earshot of the village’s main nightlife lane, Marco was named after the affable Italian owner who cooks up delicious pizza that you can enjoy at a long communal table on the ground floor. Climb upstairs to find a relaxing open-sided common room with hammocks, floor cushions and, during our visit, Marco’s lazy white dog was sprawled out on the floor.
With a few found on either floor, rooms are small and basic but the ones we peeked into looked beyond acceptable, considering how they fetch less cash than a lot of the bunks in Lonely Beach’s hostels. Single rooms are tiny and doubles have a little more space, but they all come with thin wood walls, firm mattresses, fans and windows. All guests use a couple of shared bathrooms with hot-water showers and minimal space.
Though popular with Italians in particular, the guesthouse attracts all sorts of backpackers and is a good choice if you’re travelling solo on a tight budget. Meeting other guests is easy at an intimate place like this, and free WiFi is available. The location places you in the heart of Lonely Beach village, about a 10-minute walk

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.975882
Retrieved Text: It’s a strange feeling the first time your children teach YOU something rather than the other way around. Like how to work the DVD player, how to pick the winning Fantasy Football team, or even how to behave properly. One day, unbeknownst to me, my daughter was within earshot as I was talking on the phone and when I hung up she said “That wasn’t very nice, what you said about that lady.” Ouch.
I am convinced that God works through children to teach us some of the most important lessons we need to learn in life. What is even stranger is when God’s loving guidance comes through grandchildren. Two and half year old grandchildren to be exact.
Our granddaughter, Harper has recently taught me a very valuable lesson. A few weeks ago when I walked into her house, she ran up to me so excited and the first thing she said was Num Num (a.k.a. Grandma), shoes off, shoes off? My first thought was wow, my daughter has her trained well. I then realized she wasn’t concerned about keeping the floors clean, she was concerned that I would leave right away. She wanted me to stay. She knew that if I took my shoes off, I was staying.
Once I removed my shoes, there was a look on her face of relief and sheer delight.
She twirled around, squealed, took my hand, and skipped me through the house to the playroom where she knew she had me. I was going to stay. Everything else that needed to get done

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.887287
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for a break from the chaos of life, look no further than a stay at Birchwood Retreat. This two bedroom, two bath lake home offers peace and tranquility as it overlooks scenic Finley Lake. Conveniently located only a few miles out of St. Germain, you'll find a trip in to the Monday morning flea market or a run for bakery and bait, takes only minutes! Finley Lake has no public access so while the lake offers all the fun of the bigger lakes, you won't experience over crowding that's for sure! There's good fishing right from the dock, or take our row boat out and enjoy discovering a secret hole! If you wish to rent the motor, we keep it mounted on the boat at all times, so just let us know you're interested and we'll have it gassed up and ready for you on arrival.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.870869
Retrieved Text: Nestled on the beach, this Kings Beach motel is within a 10-minute walk of Kings Beach State Recreation Area, Old Brockway Golf Course, and Kings Beach Miniature Golf. North Tahoe Marina and Jim Kelley's Tahoe Nugget Casino are also within 2 mi (3 km).
Located near the slopes, this Tahoe City motel is in the city center, within a 5-minute walk of Watson Cabin Living Museum and Commons Beach Park, and close to winter sports such as cross-country skiing and skiing lessons. Watson Cabin Museum and Tahoe City Marina are also within 10 minutes.
Located in the heart of Tahoe City, this motel is within a 5-minute walk of Tahoe City Marina, Watson Cabin Museum, and Watson Cabin Living Museum. Commons Beach Park and North Lake Tahoe Visitors and Convention Bureau are also within 15 minutes.
Located in the mountains, this Truckee condo building offers ski-in/ski-out access within 6 mi (10 km) of Northstar California Golf Course, Northstar California Resort, and Big Springs Gondola. Commercial Row and Ponderosa Golf Course are also within 9 mi (15 km).
How Much is a Hotel Room in North Lake Tahoe?
Hotels in North Lake Tahoe start at $45 per night. Prices and availability subject to change. Additional terms may apply.
If you are searching for nice lodgings in the North Lake Tahoe area, you'll be excited to find there is a wide range of possibilities on offer. You will find 37 hotel establishments within easy driving distance of the heart of North Lake Tahoe on Travelocity's up-to-date hotel database.
The Tahoe North Shore Lodge, is the

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: The word "strike" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Strike an arc.
Sentence 2: The clock struck midnight.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.364258
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON —January 11, 2019— The partial government shutdown became the longest closure in U.S. history at when the clock ticked past midnight Friday as President Donald Trump and nervous Republicans scrambled to find a way out of the mess.
A solution couldn’t come soon enough for federal workers who got pay statements Friday but no pay.
The House and Senate voted to give federal workers back pay whenever the federal government reopens and then left town for the weekend, leaving the shutdown on track to become one for the record books once the clock struck midnight and the closure entered its 22nd day.
Continue reading WASHINGTON | Shutdown becomes longest federal closure in US history at STL.News.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.490747
Retrieved Text: Hello You Books: [ 163/365 ] ..... Katie C.
Freshman year 1988, Forest Quad, 12th floor. Walking by the student building as the clock tower struck midnight, we realized we were free to do whatever we wanted. We never looked back, and became the best of friends. Love her.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.014269
Retrieved Text: The Fingercroxx x New Balance MT 580 collaboration has on the heels of a release ever since the turn of the calendar to 2013 but to no avail. The shoe has been delayed ever since the clock struck midnight on 2012, but it looks like it’s finally going to happen. The well put together MT580 is done with a slew of premium materials that starts out with a khaki suede base that features caramel leather accents and dubrae, along with camo on the inner liner and flat laces. These will be available at many overseas spots at midnight, but you can also scoop them locally at Saint Alfred.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.485596
Retrieved Text: If you choose to kill the Botchling, Geralt will miss his initial blow prompting it to mutate into a much larger and much more powerful Botchling. If this happens, you must continuously use your heavy attack on it and dodge all of it's strikes. If it gets more than two hits on you, what comes next will be impossible unless you've seriously stocked up on food. Once you have the Botchling down... A witcher in this state is even more effective than usual, so Geralt accomplished this in short order. The baron admitted that his wife had miscarried after one of their frequent rows, and that she and his daughter had fled Crow's Perch. He also agreed to show Geralt where he had buried the miscarried child's remains. When the clock struck midnight, both men set off to find the botchling's grave.
Use your Witcher Senses while going around the stone and you should find a tuft of fur on the ground. Its stench should now be recognizable and you can follow its trail through the forest. The scent will lead you to torn pieces of clothing. Expect to fight a bear and more wolves along the way (if you�re unlucky).
A witcher in this state is even more effective than usual, so Geralt accomplished this in short order. The baron admitted that his wife had miscarried after one of their frequent rows, and that she and his daughter had fled Crow's Perch. He also agreed to show Geralt where he had buried the miscarried child's remains. When

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.250729
Retrieved Text: Today marks the end of toll collection at the Tun Salahuddin Bridge here after 12 years of concession. Sarawak is now toll-free, with the last toll charges at the bridge scrapped as the clock struck midnight.
In April last year during the State Legislative Assembly sitting, Chief Minister Datuk Patinggi Tan Sri Adenan Satem announced that the Lanang Bridge in Sibu would be toll-free starting late May.
Beginning June 1 last year, the toll collection at the Asean Bridge in Miri was also abolished.
According to the official website of Zecon Bhd, the six-lane, dual-deck Tun Salahuddin Bridge is an elegant, low-level bridge over the Sarawak River that affords an unrestricted view of the river in both directions.
“This bridge is a multi-span, pre-stressed concrete that is 339m long and 28m wide, with a 325m embankment,” pointed out the corporation.
“It has a 1.5m central median and a granolithic pedestrian lane on either side – each 1.5m wide. This balanced cantilever bridge has a navigational clearance height of 9.07m above water and a navigational channel width of 65m.
The project was completed in September 2003, and the bridge was declared open by then-chief minister Head of State Tun Pehin Sri Abdul Taib Mahmud on Sept 21, 2003.
The toll road was then gazetted and concession commenced in October 2003. On Dec 18 last year, the state government informed Zecon Bhd that toll collection and operations at the Tun Salahuddin Bridge here would cease as the clock struck midnight on Dec 31. Zecon Bhd announced in 2014 that its toll collection for the first

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.015959
Retrieved Text: "Nobody knew how long it would last, it felt like the party would last forever. When the clock struck midnight, the doors flew open and the Prohibition officers stormed in."
The Volstead Band Ring is detailed with an art deco design wrapping around the entire ring and a powerful V presents itself on the face. The inside of this ring is engraved with the Volstead Logo and has been carefully fluted around the edges to maximise comfort! This truly is the comfiest ring to wear!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.842575
Retrieved Text: We got cheated out of our big annual New Year's Eve fireworks in Austin due to perceived weather issues, but citizens on the east side certainly didn't let that stop them. As the clock struck midnight a low constant rumble flowed over the Austin landscape, an endless barrage of fireworks shooting up along the entire horizon to the east.
Although the big Butler Park fireworks show was cancelled, it's ostensibly being rescheduled for some other date in the next month or two. Hopefully there will be some better photo opportunities then!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.835442
Retrieved Text: “There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
New Year and I had some serious thoughts about eating better as soon as the clock struck midnight on December 31st . . . but I just put a cinnamon cake in the oven . . . so that may not be happening right away.
Started writing this post in the morning and was sure I would come up with something to write about by now – but it’s not happening.
Cinnamon cake sounds delicious. I pray and hope 2019 will be a good year for all.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.71874
Retrieved Text: The Paradigm Clock now in suspension was originally conceived in early 1996. In order to put the clock in perspective, it was necessary to go back in time to 1947, the same year in which the “Doomsday Clock” was born, and assign time changes in relation to events over the intervening 50 years. The key criteria in assessing an event was whether it brought the world closer to or further from formal disclosure of the extraterrestrial presence – 12 o’clock midnight.
When the extraterrestrial presence about this planet is formally acknowledged by the primary institutions upon which the human race relies, capital “D” Disclosure will have taken place, the Paradigm Clock will have struck midnight, and a major portion of a world view that has held dominance for thousands of years will be discarded. This moment, midnight on the clock, constitutes a formless line in time and space. It exists in the minds of human beings and can be crossed in a single day by virtue of a formal announcement from the leaders of nations. This could happen without warning or following a graduated process of small “d” disclosure built strategically upon scientific announcements and political events.
The “pre-paradigm” (pre-Disclosure) refers to the years immediately preceding this formal disclosure process. This period began upon the earth in 1947. In that year the general public was introduced on a large scale to the presence of vehicles in the skies – and perhaps the remains of one on the ground – vehicles which could not be explained by our science

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.617186
Retrieved Text: Lee Dong Kil's daughter Lee Yoon Seol celebrates her the 100th day of the birth in Daejeon, South Korea, April 9, 2019. Just two hours after Lee’s daughter was born on New Year’s Eve, the clock struck midnight, 2019 was ushered in, and the infant became 2-years-old.
Just two hours after Lee Dong Kil’s daughter was born on New Year’s Eve, the clock struck midnight, 2019 was ushered in, and the infant became 2-years-old. She wasn’t alone, though it happened for her quicker than most: Every baby born in South Korea last year became 2 on Jan. 1.
Lee Dong Kil holds his daughter Lee Yoon Seol as his wife Ryu Da Gyeong sits as they to celebrate daughter Lee's the 100th day of the birth at their house in Daejeon, South Korea, April 9, 2019.
Lim KyoungJae, 46, head of the Seoul-based Miko Travel agency, speaks at his office in Seoul, South Korea, April 3, 2019. “If we use international age, things could get more complicated because it’s a society that cares so much about which year you were born,” said Lim.
Choi Min Kyung, who is 26 internationally and 28 in South Korea, speaks during an interview at her office in Seoul, South Korea, April 3, 2019. “It’s good to be two years younger ... (especially) when you meet men” on blind dates, Choi said with a laugh.
Ahn Chang-gun, from the southeastern city of Gimhae, said he felt “empty” when his first child became 2 on Jan. 1, 2013, about two weeks after his wife delivered him after

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.602839
Retrieved Text: Making bellies happy since 2009!
Southeast Grind opened in April 2009 and is located on Powell Blvd in SE Portland. Kacey Birch, owner, and her team serve up a wholesome selection of espresso drinks, pastries, food, smoothie & juices in an inviting café atmosphere.
Southeast Grind is a haven for students, techies, creatives and all others who are Keeping Portland Weird. With an emphasis on healthy, sustainability and whole foods, Southeast Grind is always improving the menu and selections. Featuring a rotating selection of local artists, fast streaming wifi and plenty of seating it's the ideal destination any time of day!
#southeastgrindspecialsboard #southeastgrind10year Happy Birthday celebration! Come by and say hello! Grab a $1 latte or a $1 chai anywhere from noon till midnight. We’re having a dance party out back in the parking lot too! Don’t miss it!
The moment the clock struck midnight on 4/20 was epic. Packed house, Will had just left the cafe in ship shape for Vincent & myself...and we had such a great time. Thank you Portland for 10 years of Southeast Grind! We love you!! Come in tonight! $1 lattes and $1 chais from noon-midnight.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.59481
Retrieved Text: Hundreds of fans navigated the tube strike to make their way to our Oxford Street store late last night where electro-pop three-piece Years & Years performed an exclusive live set. The band treated fans to five tracks from their brand new debut LP Communion before the album went on sale at midnight, marking the beginning of New Music Fridays, the new global release date for albums.
Once the clock struck twelve and the fans had bagged their vinyl and CDs, the band headed down to the shop floor to meet them and sign copies of the album.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.580812
Retrieved Text: The Girly Show Team was asked to exclusively launch Moet Imperial in South Africa Cape Town. We designed stunning white, crystal outfits in keeping with the high-end brand, and performed exquisite shows all in concept for Moet Imperial.
When the clock struck midnight, the girls took to the stage with an amazing finale. Our diamond burlesque girly reveled a life size Moet Imperial champagne bottle that popped with silver sparkling glitter, enchanting the whole venue and getting everyone in a bubbly partying mood.
Introducing the FABULOUS Singer Girly. We produced an amazing Hollywood set for the evening,... Read more!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.575724
Retrieved Text: The clock just struck midnight and I sit here looking back on the year that we just had. It has been an incredible and life changing journey for me and I’m thankful to everyone who has come along for the ride. What started back in February as a simple way for me to consolidate my writings in one place has become something entirely different. In August, I made a commitment to start taking things more seriously, and starting this December, I finally sat down and created a definite schedule where I would put a new piece out every weekday.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.507833
Retrieved Text: I saw a young lady in white.
I’m an actress who works at night”.
To act in a play tonight …”.
I saw a young woman in white.
She replied, “no, you fool!
I’m a thief who works at night!”.
I spied a young woman in white.
I’m a smoker in search of a light!”.
I’m your mistress who’s name’s Miss Wright!”.
This entry was posted in books, creative writing, literature, newauthoronline, poems, poetry, uncategorised and tagged awaking as the clock struck midnight, ghouls, humorous verse, humour, k morris poet, newauthoronline, nonsense, poets, vampires on December 27, 2018 by K Morris Poet.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.296413
Retrieved Text: In addition to experiencing the joy of another year coming to an end, natives of Finland were treated to an especially significant New Year’s last night. As of today, the country has lived through 100 years of independence from Russia, with the adoption of the Finnish Declaration of Independence having been signed on December 6, 1917.
In celebration of the nation’s immense milestone, many residents were treated to an extra special performance by one of the country’s most iconic music figues: Darude. As the clock struck midnight on New Year’s Eve, Darude played out “Sandstorm” alongside fireworks and cheers.
Watch the massive celebration below.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.293821
Retrieved Text: On December 21st 2012, the Mayan calendar came to an end, which caused the End of the World to happened again. To mark the first anniversary of the Apocalypse, Stabbing Les performed a series of songs that would help unite the people left behind. They took the stage as the clock struck midnight on Friday 20th December 2013, so the opening chords of the Final Countdown would coincide with the structure of the planet falling apart.
Along with their performance they created a booklet to guide the audience through this difficult time. Commemorative t-shirts where also available for those who wanted to go out in style.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.02646
Retrieved Text: Spectacular display of fireworks was witnessed across the world as millions of people welcomed 2014.
2013 turned into 2014 when the clocks struck midnight in different countries of the world.
Citizens of New York welcomed 2014 as they gathered Times Square by a countdown. Millions of people had gathered at Times Square to witness the mesmerizing display of fireworks.
Dubai set a new record of fireworks as 400,000 fireworks were used in 400 locations, including Burj Khalifa and Palm Jumeirah, in a span of six minutes.
Sydney and Berlin also welcomed 2014 in a spectacular fashion with colorful firework enlighting the dark sky. The celebrations astounded the crowd who had gathered on the locations to celebrate the festive occasion.
In Japan, bells were rung and prayers were held on the occasion. In China, the people welcomed 2014 with new spirits. Spectacular display of colorful fireworks amazed thousands of people who had gathered at Hong Kong's Victoria Harbor to see the celebrations.
The skies of London were filled with a sea of colors as fireworks took place just as the clock at Big Ben struck midnight. Thousands of people gathered at Red Square at Moscow to celebrate the New Year.
People of Greece celebrated the arrival of 2014 despite the severe cold in the country whereas 2 million people had gathered at the Copa Cabana beach at Rio de Janeiro for the arrival of the New Year.
In Pakistan, the New Year was welcomed with fireworks, aerial firing and street dancing.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.967415
Retrieved Text: The clock has struck midnight in most of Michigan, and that means that Michigan’s cannabis legalization law has taken effect. Some counties in Western Michigan will have to wait another hour for legalization to take effect since those counties are in another time zone.
It has been a long road for legalization in Michigan. Michigan should have legalized in 2016 but due to political monkeywrenching that didn’t happen. Fortunately, cannabis activists never gave up and came back in 2018 and achieved victory.
Michigan is the 10th state to enact cannabis legalization, joining Colorado, Washington State, Oregon, Alaska, California, Nevada, Massachusetts, Maine, and Vermont. Washington D.C. has also legalized cannabis for adult use.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.470345
Retrieved Text: Monday Funday #24: Autumn Slush!
A very happy Monday to you, readers!
Well, now that we have passed Labor Day it’s time to put away all of your white clothes, pack up your beach towels, and get ready for Fall! Little known fact: Fall is our favorite season here at The Woman At The Bar, so suffice it to say that the second the clock struck midnight after Labor Day we were pulling out our Fall decorations and prepping for various autumn-themed drinks. Lucky for you, all those leaf-changing, air-crisping, apple-picking themed drinks happen to be delicious!
And since today is the first Monday in the Summer-to-Fall transition, we decided to jump on in and get started with a ridiculously delicious creation of ours: the Autumn Slush!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.46885
Retrieved Text: Texas Democrats have struck down controversial abortion legislation after filibuster by Democratic senator Wendy Davis.
As the clock neared midnight, republicans were not given enough time to pass the bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, reports the Texas Tribune.
The bill would also impose restrictions on where pregnancies could be terminated, ultimately making them take place in surgical centres and doing away with abortion clinics.
Senator Davis stood for nearly 13 hours reading women’s opposing views to the bill with support from pro-choice advocates cheering in the public gallery, according to BBC News.
After the filibuster was suspended, the senate floor filled with confusion and the bill was ruled too late to pass.
The legislation’s future is unknown, but for now, Democrats consider last night a victory.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.36537
Retrieved Text: Arc strike is an arc initiated (accidental or intentional) on the base metal surface away from the weld zone. The arc strike is a critical discontinuity because there is a localized area where the base metal has been melted and then rapidly cooled due to the massive heat sink created by the surrounding base metal. This changes the structure of the base metal and causes it to become hard and brittle. This can lead to cracking which could lead to failure of the weldment.
All arc strikes should be removed by grinding. Grinding to a depth of 1/8 inch below the original surface should remove all traces of arc strikes and their hardened heat-affected zones. In locations where the arc strikes have been removed should have magnetic-particle inspection and hardness testing performed.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.292166
Retrieved Text: GLEN ROSE — Just after the clock struck midnight to ring in 2019 early Tuesday morning, Somervell County Commissioners Dwayne Johnson and Wade Busch, as well as a handful of other county officials, were sworn into office by Somervell County Judge Danny L. Chambers.
Before midnight, however, Chambers was sworn in for his second term by his wife, Darlene Chambers, just before she officially retired as the county’s tax assessor/collector.
Johnson, the Republican candidate, received 921 votes (84.65 percent) to Democrat Judy Nawrocki’s 167 votes (15.35 percent) to win the November runoff election for Precinct 2.
“It’s been a long road, a long year, and I’m glad to be here and glad to get started to see what we can get done, and try to get Somervell County moving forward,” Johnson said.
Busch, who resigned earlier from the Glen Rose ISD school board after nearly 15 years of service, defeated Doug Mitchell, 313-179, in the May election for Precinct 4.
Also, Michelle Reynolds was sworn in as the district and county clerk; April Gore Campos, tax assessor/collector; Susanne Graves, county treasurer; Ronnie Webb, Justice of the Peace for Precincts 1 and 2; and Scott May, Justice of the Peace for Precincts 3 and 4.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.22837
Retrieved Text: New Years Eve was filled with promise. I had envisioned sitting by the waters edge of Lake Wakatipu, with my camera on a tripod ready to capture the fireworks. Sadly, this didn’t happen. By mid afternoon on the day in question the rain started. Rather than sit outside in the rain for a few hours I knew I needed to find a view point, ideally inside.
So back in a cable car, up to the Skyline Complex and to sit in the bar and enjoy the view again. It was surprisingly quiet. At about 5 minutes to midnight took my camera outside. Predicting it would get busy quickly, my tripod stayed in the bag. Surprisingly, people mostly stayed indoors. The outdoor viewing area was nearly deserted when the clock struck 12pm. This photograph was taken without a tripod hence the reduction in quality.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.927776
Retrieved Text: Stray Kids’ I.N. counted down to his birthday with fans on the V app Thursday night.
He started the livestream at 12 minutes to midnight, when he turned 18. I.N. was born on Feb. 8, 2001.
Wearing a maroon hoodie and sitting on a sofa, I.N seemed excited about his birthday.
“I’m always the first to celebrate my birthday (in the group), so its always a delightful experience,” I.N. said.
“I just woke up,” he said, explaining why he had his head covered tightly with the hoodie.
“Also, it’s my first time celebrating my birthday with the new name I.N.” He only adopted the stage name this year.
I.N read out comments and replied to them as he waited for another five minutes until the ringing of a bell.
“I’m not sure why, but I am so nervous right now. I’m even more nervous than when I took auditions,” he said.
As the clock struck midnight, other bandmates raided the room with a lit cake. They made a clamor celebrating their youngest member’s birthday.
Some of the members gave I.N presents, including a cute cushion and a book.
While digging into the cake, the nine bandmates chatted and read out comments.
Rookie act Stray Kids debuted under JYP Entertainment in March 2018.
Watch I.N’s birthday party at https://www.vlive.tv/video/112299.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.906885
Retrieved Text: About 30 blocks south of the bucket-listers awaiting midnight in Times Square, a far more cozy group gathered at the Top of the Standard to ring in the New Year. Champagne-colored balloons and streamers decorated the Roman and Williams interiors filled to the brim with guests adhering to the evening’s black-tie dress code.
Quarter to 2015, Rita Ora took to the stage, however it was not the familiar hits that she performed but a set fully inspired by the Jazz Age. This included a rendition of **Iggy Azalea’**s "Fancy." “Yes, I did a swing version, I had to represent, I love her,” said Ora soon after her performance.
Dressed in a sheer sequined Gabriela Cadena number, Ora accessorized with body glitter and a laurel wreath–type headpiece by Erickson Beamon which topped her bleached Veronica Lake waves. Also in a bejeweled headpiece was Lindsay Lohan, who made a brief appearance just before the clock struck midnight.
Included in her set list was a swing rendition of the fan-favorite "Black Widow," cowritten by singer and friend Katy Perry who spent the evening alongside Ora in a slinky, sequined Givenchy dress.
As for her New Year’s resolutions, Ora has admittingly not given them much thought: “No, I’ll think about it when I wake up with a hangover.” And with that, she cheered to the New Year.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.874874
Retrieved Text: The natural day-and-night division of a calendar day forms the fundamental basis as to why each day is split into two cycles. Originally there were two cycles; one cycle which could be tracked by the position of the Sun (day) followed by one cycle which could be tracked by the Moon and stars (night). This would eventually evolve into the two 12-hour periods that started at midnight (a.m.) and noon (p.m.) which are used today. Noon itself is rarely abbreviated today, but if it is, it is denoted M.
The 12-hour clock can be traced back as far as Mesopotamia and ancient Egypt. Both an Egyptian sundial for daytime use and an Egyptian water clock for night-time use were found in the tomb of Pharaoh Amenhotep I. Dating to c. 1500 BC, these clocks divided their respective times of use into 12 hours each.
The Romans also used a 12-hour clock: daylight was divided into 12 equal hours (thus hours having varying length throughout the year) and the night was divided into four watches.
The first mechanical clocks in the 14th century, if they had dials at all, showed all 24 hours, used the 24-hour analog dial, influenced by astronomers' familiarity with the astrolabe and sundial, and their desire to model the Earth's apparent motion around the Sun. In Northern Europe these dials generally used the 12-hour numbering scheme in Roman numerals, but showed both a.m. and p.m. periods in sequence. This is known as the double-XII system, and can be seen on many surviving clock faces, such as

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.829826
Retrieved Text: Most continental magmatic arcs occur in obliquely convergent settings and display strike-slip movement within, or adjacent to, the magmatic arc, and contractional structures in the forearc and backarc regions. Thus, three-dimensional transpressional kinematics typifies many arc settings, both modern and ancient. Intrusions cause magma-facilitated strike-slip partitioning, even in cases where the relative angle of plate convergence is almost normal to the plate boundary. Transpressional systems are preferentially intruded by magmas because of the steep pressure gradients in vertical strike-slip shear zones and their ability to force magma upward. Both buoyancy and transpressional dynamics cause a component of magma overpressuring, which in turn expels granitic magma upward following the vertical pressure gradient. The tectonic and magmatic processes are linked in a positive feedback loop which facilitates the upward movement of magma.
We propose a lithospheric-scale, three-dimensional model of transpressional arc settings. Strike-slip motion is partitioned into the magmatic arc settings because of the linear and margin-parallel trend of the vertical, lithospheric-scale weakness caused by ascending magma. The parallelism of contraction structures in the forearc and backarc regions is caused by mechanical coupling through the lower crust and upper lithospheric mantle. The displacement field of the basal layer of the arc system provides the boundary condition for the upper-crustal, strike-slip partitioned deformation.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.716776
Retrieved Text: Regular application decision time is near.
Applications need to be completed to enjoy the end of year.
So dream your dreams, and may your wishes come true.
Here’s hoping that the college of your choice quickly accepts you!
applications had taken much longer than planned.
In the hopes that admission soon would be theirs.
Dad had looked it all over to catch any flubs.
But as for who wanted which test scores, they still couldn’t tell.
Students had done what their counselors had said.
Essays were rechecked and even proofread!
Their recs were all written, the transcripts done too.
Thank you notes given – and even gifts to a few.
The time was now here, there’d be no more delays.
All that remained was to hit the button and send.
As the clock struck midnight, they texted their friends.
I did it! I’m finished. Don’t wake me till ten.
You’ve done a great job. Happy New Year to you!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.602165
Retrieved Text: Here's a list of some of the most interesting ways people celebrate New Year's Eve around the world.
As days go by, we're all counting down to the start of 2018, preparing for the big night of New Year’s Eve. But have you ever thought, that the way people celebrate this special night, can differ from place to place?
Let’s find out more about the most popular traditions of some countries, when it comes to welcoming the new year.
On New Year's Eve in Japan, Buddhist temple bells are struck 108 times. According to Buddhism, people have 108 kinds of earthly temptations and desires and they can only get rid of them by ringing a bell.
By the 108 bell rings of the temple bell, these desires are driven away from human beings, and they can welcome the new year completely refreshed. So, no matter where you are in Japan, when the clock passes midnight, you will hear the bells ringing.
According to the Colombian tradition, if you want more money to come your way with the new year, then you should definitely wear some bright yellow underwear. For the Colombians, yellow represents gold and money, and this meaning is also behind the yellow part in their flag. Another way to ensure that you will not run out of money this new year, is to hold money in your hands the moment the bell strikes twelve.
In Brazilian culture, white is a colour that represents peace and happiness and all Brazilians are expected to wear white clothes in order to welcome the

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: The word "department" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: His work established a new department of literature.
Sentence 2: Baking is not my department.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.170483
Retrieved Text: Honorary Degree of Doctor of Letters in recognition of his outstanding contribution to British poetry, and to the teaching and appreciation of English literature.
Peter Porter began writing for a living as a journalist in his native Australia, but from 1951 he became established in Britain, where his career embraced poetry, criticism, scores and libretti, teaching and lecturing.
He had been a Visiting Professor in the former English and Media Studies Department at NTU and maintained connections with Nottingham and the School of Humanities. By publishing his own work in anthologies alongside other poets working at this University, he brought their work to wider attention.
He is held in high regard as one of the most influential post-war poets in the English language, without whose work no anthology is complete. His standing is reflected in a succession of honours, prizes and medals from the literary world. In 2007 he was made a Royal Society of Literature Companion of Literature, an honour bestowed on a maximum of ten living writers.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.584682
Retrieved Text: The Laminan Prize in Romance Languages, established in 1963 by Toivo and Margaret C. Laminan is awarded each year to an undergraduate for distinguished work in the Department of Romance Languages.
Toivo Laminan, A1931, G1934, was born to a poor Finnish family and grew up a ward of the state at the Perkins School for the Blind. While at Tufts he navigated the campus by counting paces and in later years shared his interest in literature and music with Tufts students.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.342466
Retrieved Text: The Department of English offers courses in two programs of study, one in literature written in the English language and the second in English with an emphasis in creative writing. Students may pursue majors and minors in both these areas.
An English major develops students’ ability to use language effectively and enhances their critical and analytical skills by making them aware of the social and historical context in which writing, in any of its forms, is produced. English study provides an excellent basis for professional programs in law, journalism, publishing, and business as well as for graduate study in literature, the theater, or creative writing.
Students pursuing one of the majors in the department take courses in specified categories described in detail below. There is considerable choice from among the courses that fulfill these requirements, and students should discuss their programs with an adviser in planning a major. English courses also serve as electives for students in other programs. Normally 200-level courses are for first-year and sophomore students; 300-level courses, for sophomores, juniors, and seniors; and 400-level courses for juniors and seniors. There are a few specified prerequisites for individual courses. Non-majoring students considering 400-level English courses as electives, however, should consult catalogue descriptions and may wish to speak with in-structors to determine their readiness for particular courses.
Continued study of a foreign language or work in the literature of other languages in translation is particularly recommended as complementary to an English major and is especially important for students interested in further literary studies. Writing is an important component

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.077242
Retrieved Text: José E. Limón, one of the country’s foremost scholars of Latino literature, has been tapped to lead the University of Notre Dame’s Institute for Latino Studies (ILS). As the new director of ILS, he will hold the Julian Samora Chair in Latino Studies.
Timothy Matovina, a leading expert on Latino Catholicism, will serve as executive director of the institute, which is housed in the College of Arts and Letters. Both appointments take effect July 1, 2012.
Established in 1999, the Institute for Latino Studies supports a variety of interdisciplinary initiatives to foster understanding of the U.S. Latino experience.
Limón is the Notre Dame Professor of American Literature in the Department of English and author of three major books in the field of Latino studies: American Encounters: Greater Mexico, the United States and the Erotics of Culture; Dancing with the Devil: Society and Cultural Poetics in Mexican-American South Texas, and Mexican Ballads, Chicano Poems: History and Influence in Mexican-American Social Poetry. The University of Texas Press is set to publish his fourth book, Américo Paredes: Culture and Critique, in fall 2012.
Limón’s academic interests are varied and include cultural studies, Latino literature, anthropology and literature, Mexicans in the United States, U.S.-Mexico cultural relations, critical theory, folklore and popular culture. He also teaches and writes on the literature of the U.S. South.
Matovina, a professor in the Department of Theology, is completing a 10-year term as director of the Cushwa Center for the Study of American Catholicism, also housed in the College.
His new book, Latino Catholicism: Transformation in America’s Largest Church, published by

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.775812
Retrieved Text: Bird will be honored at the Dec. 17 undergraduate commencement exercises.
He has taught 20 different courses and has shown creativity and thoughtfulness with curriculum innovations for the new General Education program.
ROCK HILL, S.C. - Known as a gifted and imaginative teacher, John Bird has demonstrated his creativity and high standards in teaching a multitude of courses for the Department of English at Winthrop University. He is the recipient of this year’s James Pinckney Kinard and Lee Wicker Kinard Award for Excellence in Teaching.
He will be honored at the Dec. 17 undergraduate commencement exercises with the university’s Kinard award, which is based on dedication to teaching, reputation on campus for teaching, and reputation among students. The award was established in honor of former Winthrop president James Pinckney Kinard and his wife, Lee Wicker Kinard, in 1984 by their family.
"Receiving the Kinard Award is a huge honor. I immediately thought of the list of names of previous recipients," Bird said. "I’d like to thank my colleagues in my department and all across Winthrop, but especially my students, who give me the energy and the excitement to keep on trying to be the best teacher I can be."
Bird came to Winthrop as an associate professor of English in 1993 and was promoted to professor earlier this year. He has taught a total of 20 different courses at Winthrop and has shown creativity and thoughtfulness in helping with curriculum innovations for the new General Education program. University administrators praise him for his innovations in preparing new courses and for his

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.774569
Retrieved Text: Priscilla Solis Ybarra in the Department of English specializes in contemporary Chicana/o literature and ecocriticism. Her award-winning book, “Writing the Goodlife: Mexican American Literature and the Environment,” is the first study to engage a long-range environmental literary history of Chicana/o writing. She is co-editor of a forthcoming volume titled “Latinx Environmentalisms: Place, Justice, and the Decolonial.” She serves on the board of directors for the Rio Puerco Rangeland Trust, a nonprofit working to restore a watershed and rangeland historically inhabited by Hispanas/os in New Mexico, and on the Executive Council of the Association for the Study of Literature and Environment.
Valerie Martinez-Ebers is a professor in the Department of Political Science and director of UNT’s Latina/o and Mexican-American Studies. Latinx politics, women in politics and education policy are among her areas of expertise. Her published works include “Politicas: Latina Public Officials in Texas,” “Latino Lives in America: Making it Home,”and “Latinos in the New Millennium: An Almanac of Opinion, Behavior and Policy Preferences.” Her latest work is “Only Human: Government, Groups, and the Struggle for Racial Harmony in American Cities.” This book examines the efforts of government-sponsored Human Relations Commissions and related organizations to improve the equality of intergroup relationships in metropolitan areas.
Teresa Marrero, a professor of Latina/o and Latin American theater and graduate advisor in the Department of Spanish, has dedicated years of study to Latinx theater and performing arts. As a Cuban-American, she brings a diversified voice as a theater critic for a local arts publication, “TheaterJones.com” Through her membership in the American Theatre Critics

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.67297
Retrieved Text: Behance. The leading online platform to showcase & discover creative work.
ü As teacher I taught web design (Macromedia and Adobe), animation, Microsoft software, and developed curriculum for these courses.
ü As teacher trainer I provided individual computer help for teachers on a needs basis.
ü As Director of Technology I drew up a long term technology plan and gave oversight to the successful implementation of technology into classroom practice.
ü As Chair of the computing department I oversaw curriculum development, administrated budget, and worked with staff.
Taught and designed courses in speech, “Globalization and Culture” and “Communicating on the Internet”.
Taught and designed courses in speech and Interpersonal Communication.
Taught courses in "Computers, Communication and Society", "Information Systems", "Globalisation of Technology", "Communications, Internet, Culture and Community", and taught Practical Computer Skills.
Russell Sage College Adjunct Professor, Russell Sage College Troy, New York. Department of Communication. Oral Communication, Interpersonal Communication. 2003-2004. Communicating on the Internet.
Course online at: Interpersonal Communications Lecturer, University of South Australia. 2000 – 2002.
Web editor “The Electronic Journal of Communication” / “La Revue Electronique de Communication” Communication Institute for Online Scholarship. https://www.cios.org 2002-2008.
Worked with teenagers in crisis care.
Set up project with the cooperation of the Adelaide City Council for artist to display and sell their work in Rymill Park on weekends.
Manufactured and distributed tofu and products made from tofu. Gave classes in tofu cooking through TAFE Colleges and published "Tofu Cooking" (1982 South Australia). Owner of Light Foods Australia, managed nine employees.
Counselor and Psychiatric Nursing Assistant. Counseled patients, wrote nursing notes, dispensed medication.
Adolescent worker, South Australia Family and Community Services -

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.387032
Retrieved Text: The Department of Comparative Literature wishes to appoint a promising scholar in the field of Comparative Literature from 1 January 2020. The successful candidate will have established a strong research profile and possess relevant teaching experience in areas of literature which complement our existing areas of expertise. The appointee will design and deliver teaching for the BA and MA programmes in Comparative Literature and will also teach on established undergraduate and MA modules. They will be expected to engage in and develop research projects and supervise PhD students. The appointee will also participate in the continuing development of the Department in terms of national and international student recruitment, international links and governance.
Applicants specializing in any area of Comparative Literature are welcomed, with preference given to candidates who can offer research expertise and teaching experience in more than one geographical or linguistic area and/or historical period. Applicants should have a PhD in a relevant field of Literature in hand by the start date and demonstrate excellent research potential for career stage.
The Department wishes to appoint a Lecturer in Comparative Literature on an indefinite basis. The appointment will run from 1 January 2020. The successful candidate will have a strong research and teaching record to complement our current strengths across classical and modern European and modern non-European literatures. Expertise in more than one geographical or linguistic area and/or historical period will be an advantage.
 To carry out administration as requested by the Head of Department.
The post will be based at the Virginia Woolf Building, King’s Strand Campus.
 Participate

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.347845
Retrieved Text: Two College professors are among The University of Alabama National Alumni Association’s Outstanding Commitment to Teaching Award recipients, the University’s highest honor for excellence in teaching. Sarah Barry, associate professor in the Department of Theatre and Dance, and Dr. James McNaughton, assistant professor in the Department of English, are two of the 2013 recipients.
Barry joined the College’s faculty in 2006. Since her arrival, she has taught a variety of classes, engaging in many collaborative, creative research projects and serving the dance program in leadership and outreach roles.
Barry has taught all levels of modern dance technique, dance history and choreography classes. She has also established a service-learning course, Approaches to Dance Instruction. In a partnership with Tuscaloosa City Schools, Barry takes students enrolled in this class to teach dance to elementary students for several weeks during their PE class time. Dance students gain hands-on teaching experience and city school students enjoy dance instruction not available otherwise in the public schools.
Barry has choreographed 13 new dances for the Department’s pre-professional company, Alabama Repertory Dance Theatre, in addition to creating works for the Dance Collection, Sanspointe Dance Company and a commissioned work for the Alabama State Council on the Arts. Some of these dances have been performed at the American College Dance Festival, where her work has been honored by choreographers from across the nation.
More recently, she has been working with dance on film. Her screen dance “there, again” was one of 23 shorts selected for the 2012 San Francisco Dance Film Festival. She also received a National Endowment

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.325205
Retrieved Text: On March 11, The American Academy of Arts and Letters announced the names of 17 writers who will receive its 2019 awards in literature. The awards will be presented in New York at the Academy’s annual Ceremonial in May. The literature prizes, totaling $220,000, honor both established and emerging writers of fiction, nonfiction, drama, and poetry. The Academy’s 250 members propose candidates, and a rotating committee of writers selects winners. This year’s award committee members were Henri Cole, John Guare, Amy Hempel, Jayne Anne Phillips, and Joy Williams.
Among this year's winners is John Keene, chair of the Department of African-American and African Studies at Rutgers University – Newark (RU-N). Keene will receive the Harold D. Vursell Memorial Award, $20,000 given to "a writer whose work merits recognition for the quality of its prose style."
Read full press release and list of winners from the American Academy of Arts & Letters.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.21447
Retrieved Text: Acclaimed American poet Forrest Gander is travelling to the UK to become an International Writer in Residence for a North West university.
The influential poet, essayist, novelist, critic and translator will begin his residency at Edge Hill University in Lancashire later this month.
Named as a United States Artist Rockefeller Fellow for his artistic excellence, unique vision and significance, Forrest will launch his residency with a public poetry reading.
Forrest recently contributed to Atlantic Drift, Edge Hill University Press’s latest book bringing together new and established poets from both sides of the Atlantic.
Ahead of his arrival next week Forrest said: “I’m looking forward to my time at Edge Hill University, to elbow my way deeper into the conversation between North American and UK poets— to see what the smart students there are up to in their writing and thinking.
Born in California’s Mojave Desert, Forrest travelled extensively on family summer road trips and has used his experiences to inform his interest in landscapes, languages and cultures.
An academic with degrees in both Geology and English Literature, his work primarily focusses on ecology and landscape.
Known for his richness of language his latest book, Be With, poignantly touches on aftermath of grief following the loss of his mother and sudden death of his wife and fellow poet C.D Wright.
Forrest’s residency is sponsored by the British Council and the University’s Department of English, History and Creative Writing.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.048504
Retrieved Text: Andrea began her publishing career in the editorial department of Dell Books where her childhood addiction to commercial fiction was nourished and expanded. After nearly five years on the editorial side of the table, she joined JRA intending to gain a different perspective and has called it home ever since. She has a strong affinity for female voices and primarily represents writers of general fiction, women's fiction, and suspense, many of them from their debut novels. Please note that Andrea is no longer accepting unsolicited queries.
Meg Ruley joined JRA in 1981. She is a business partner to and advocate for established bestselling authors as well as emerging writers. Her focus is commercial fiction, writers with distinctive voices in suspense, thrillers, mysteries, crime fiction, historical novels and historical suspense, romance, and women’s fiction. Meg grew up on Nantucket Island, graduated from Wheaton College, and attended the Denver Publishing Institute. Please note that Meg is currently closed to queries.
Annelise Robey has been with JRA since 1995. She is proud to represent bestselling authors in women’s fiction, romance, historical fiction, YA, fantasy, mystery, and suspense, and is always looking for exciting new voices in fiction. She works closely with her clients on all aspects of their careers, and finds nothing more gratifying than helping authors achieve their goals and their dreams. After growing up in Hawaii and upstate NY, she moved to NYC with the singular mission of working in book publishing. She got her start at JRA as an assistant and has been doing what she loves ever

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.043236
Retrieved Text: The founder of the clinic and operating doctor is a professor of ophthalmology. The professor has more than 25 years of clinical experience. Being the head of the Ophthalmology Department in the Eye Clinical Hospital of Riga, he is known throughout Europe. One of his working fields is in scientific advancement – he has made substantial contribution to many scientific publications in the literature dedicated to laser eye surgery. The professor regularly gives presentations at international conferences and lectures students of the medical faculty at the Latvian University.
Since 1999, when the doctor first established laser eye surgery in the Baltic region, thousands of patients have acquired a completely new quality of life without dependence on spectacles or contact lenses.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.039707
Retrieved Text: Patrick Joseph Gallacher, professor emeritus of Medieval Language and Literature in the Department of English at the University of New Mexico, died at the age of 80 on Feb, 7, surrounded by his family. A rosary service is Thursday, Feb. 12 at French’s Mortuary on University Blvd, at 5 p.m., with visitation to follow. The funeral service is on Friday, Feb. 13, at Holy Rosary, 5415 Fortuna Rd. NW. at 11 a.m., with reception to follow.
Gallacher was born and raised in Detroit, Mich. As a young man in his teens, Gallacher attended seminary in St. Louis, Mo., where he acquired his love for the study of medieval theologians, before returning to Detroit to earn a bachelor's from the University of Detroit, majoring in the study of philosophy and English.
In 1964, Gallacher received his Ph.D. in Medieval English Literature and Comparative Linguistics from the University of Illinois-Urbana. He was immediately offered a teaching position at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he remained until 1972 when joined the UNM faculty as associate professor.
In addition to his co-editorship of the major anthology "Hermeneutics and Medieval Culture," he was also the author of "John Gower, Love, the Word, and Mercury: A Reading of John Gower’s Confessio Amantis," which set the standard for mythographic approaches to medieval English literature. Moreover, his edition of "The Cloud of Unknowing" —an anonymous 14th mystical text that presents contemplative meditation as a teachable, spiritual process for the ordinary person—formed the basis of discussions as far away as the Australian Broadcasting System.
Gallacher

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.806452
Retrieved Text: The Department of Marathi was established in1922 in which both UG and PG classes were held until 1970. In 1971 the PG classes were shifted to the newly established Shivaji University, Kolhapur. The department flourished with .a remarkable contribution of eminent teachers like Prof. D. C. Pangu, Prof. Khanvilkar, and Prof. Balkrishna Kawthekar. It is significant to note that teachers of other subjects also contributed a lot to development of the department. Prof. N. C. Phadke a teacher of Philosophy and Logic and one of the most popular novelist of his time and Prof. Madhav Julian a renowned poet who was awarded D. Lit by the Bombay University for his book “Chandorachana” created interest for Marathi literature in the students.
The Department of Marathi is proud of having shaped literary giants in their formative period like N. C. Kelkar, G. V. alias Vinda Karandikar, Sakha Kalal, Yashvantrao Chavan, Indira Sant, Baba Kadam, Ramesh Mantri, Pandit Awalikar, Dr. Vasant Joshi, Dr. Vijaya Rajadhyaksha, Ranjit Desai and Mrs. Madhavi Desai.
At present Marathi is taught as a compulsory and option subject only at the B. A. I level.
The wall paper 'Ushakal' (Dawn) of the department has provided a lot of opportunities to the budding writers. Marathi Literary Association of the Department organizes various activities like Essay Competition, Elocution Competition and Poetry Recitation every year and continues to guide and encourage the amateur literary enthuziasts.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.757372
Retrieved Text: Berthold L. Ullman (1882-1965) received his PhD from the University of Chicago in 1908 and held appointments at the University of Pittsburgh, the State University of Iowa, and the University of Chicago before accepting an appointment as Kenan Professor and Chair of Classics at the University of North Carolina in 1944. His extraordinary energy was legendary, and permitted him to combine scholarly interests in palaeography, medieval and Renaissance literature, the transmission of classical texts, and Latin poetry on the one hand with, on the other, publication of a popular series of elementary Latin textbooks. For a more detailed account, see here.
The B. L. Ullman Memorial Fund was initially established by Professor Ullman’s friends and colleagues. It is used to support a wide range of department activities and initiatives. In recent years we have used Ullman funds to recruit new graduate students, award travel grants to graduate students, fund department promotion and outreach to undergraduates, support our program of visiting speakers, and host commencement celebrations for our graduating students. Please consider making a gift online to the B. L. Ullman Memorial Fund (101151).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.713802
Retrieved Text: Nationally known writer Dinty W. Moore visited Cedarville’s campus on Monday, April 16. Moore conducted a masterclass in creative writing and performed a reading of his work later in the day.
The masterclass was open to standing room only. Moore gave a brief talk on the creative nonfiction genre and the role of truth and memory in it. He also talked about the difference between situation and story in this genre.
Moore later read for 45 minutes, took questions from the audience, signed books and mingled with his audience following the reading.
Dinty Moore is author of numerous books, including “The Mindful Writer: Noble Truths of the Writing Life” and the memoir “Between Panic and Desire,” winner of the Grub Street Nonfiction Book Prize. Moore has published essays and stories in The Southern Review, The Georgia Review, Harpers, The New York Times Sunday Magazine, The Philadelphia Inquirer Magazine, Gettysburg Review, Utne Reader and Crazyhorse, among numerous other venues. He serves as the director of Ohio University's creative writing program and lives in Athens, Ohio. Besides being an established writer, Dinty W. Moore is the editor of a well-regarded literary journal called Brevity, which publishes short-form creative nonfiction.
“I always consider these events a success because they put our students in contact with well-known, well-regarded figures in the contemporary literary scene,” Heath said. He said it is a high priority for the department of English, literature and modern languages for students to not only hear writers reading their work but also to interact with them in a masterclass setting. The department

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.629644
Retrieved Text: The Department of Buddhist Studies was established in 1957 as follow up to the action initiated by the Government of India on the occasion of the celebration of 2500 years of Buddhism on 24 May 1956. This department, the first of its kind in India, was established with the primary objective of conducting research at the advanced level in various subjects related to Buddhist Studies. As part of this initiative, a Chair of Buddhist Studies was created. Professor P.V. Bapat, a scholar of international repute, was the first scholar to occupy this chair. Professor Bapat initially began his work of organizing the Department of Buddhist Studies under the overall supervision of the Department of Philosophy which was headed by Professor N.V. Banerjee at that time.
For the first few years, the Department had a staff strength of one professor, two research fellows, one stenographer, and an office attendant. Under Professor Bapat, University Grants Commission was approached for initiating action to provide an independent identity to the Department with its own library and more academic as well as non-academic staff. As a result of these efforts, the University Grants Commission provided one reader, three lecturers, two part-time lecturers and, one research assistant were sanctioned. However, the Department continued to function as part of the Department of Philosophy till 1962 when it began to function independently as a full-fledge department of the University of Delhi.
The Department began to admit full-time research scholars from the year 1962 onwards for the degrees of Ph.D. M.Litt. Later, post-graduate Certificate and Diploma courses

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.61812
Retrieved Text: Central to the work of the English Department is an unswerving commitment to quality - for teachers and students.
The department seeks to strengthen students' imaginative, aesthetic and intellectual faculties by developing their capacity to understand and appreciate a range of literature from classics to contemporary. Students are encouraged to ask the important questions about the human experience and to make responsible judgments about the art it produces. For students who read widely and well, learning will be life-long and invigorating.
Equally, students should perceive the strength, grace and flexibility of the English language and develop facility in writing, not only as a tool basic to all learning, but as a means of self expression that is thorough, precise and convincing. Instruction in writing stresses the malleability of the language, methods of development and design responsive to content, purpose and occasion.
New Trier promotes an atmosphere of free inquiry and mutual respect in which students are encouraged to take risks, as they develop their abilities to think logically and critically and work to acquire the habits of productive scholarship.
The English Department has established for students essential understandings in six areas.
Writing: effective writing, which communicates clearly to the intended audience and fulfills its specific purpose, provides a means of discovery, of communication, of persuasion, and of creative expression.
Reading: reading texts critically - analyzing the author's purpose, exploring the relationship between a work's form and meaning, and connecting the work to ideas outside the text - improves the reader's comprehension, thinking, and writing.
Speaking and Listening: contributing meaningfully to a democratic society

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.595797
Retrieved Text: Keynote Speaker: Rey Chow is Anne Firor Scott Professor of Literature and the current director of the Program in Literature at Duke University. Her more recent publications include Entanglements, or Transmedial Thinking about Capture (2012) and Not Like a Native Speaker: On Languaging as a Postcolonial Experience (2014). With James A. Steintrager, she is the coeditor of a forthcoming collection of essays, Sound Objects. Chow’s work has been widely anthologized and translated into numerous languages. In 2016, she was elected as a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
David James is a Reader in Modern and Contemporary Literature at Queen Mary, University of London. The author, most recently, of Modernist Futures (Cambridge University Press, 2012), his edited volumes include The Legacies of Modernism (Cambridge University Press, 2012), The Cambridge Companion to British Fiction since 1945 (Cambridge University Press, 2015), and Modernism and Close Reading (Oxford University Press, 2018). His articles in recent years have appeared in Contemporary Literature, New Literary History, PMLA, and Twentieth-Century Literature. For Columbia University Press he co-edits the book series Literature Now. He is currently working on a new book, Discrepant Solace: Contemporary Writing and the Work of Consolation, forthcoming with Oxford University Press.
Jarvis C. McInnis holds a BA in English from Touglaloo College and a Ph.D. in English & Comparative Literature from Columbia University. He is an interdisciplinary scholar of African American & African Diaspora literature and culture, with research interests in the global south (primarily the US South and the Caribbean), sound studies, performance studies, and visual culture.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.560383
Retrieved Text: The Department of General and Comparative Literature was founded in 1960 by the renowned poet, translator, and scholar Leah Goldberg. Goldberg’s enthusiasm for the study of diverse literatures and her sensitivity toward literary expression in unique cultural contexts has inspired her colleagues as well as future generations of scholars. In recent years, the field of comparative literature has received renewed attention due to the growing interest in globalization, as writers and texts migrate across cultures and languages, taking on new shades of meaning. We cannot answer the traditional question “what is literature?” without exploring the role literature plays today, in a world where different cultures participate in an ever expanding dialogue across an ever shrinking space.
The Department of General and Comparative Literature offers a wide array of courses exploring different literary traditions and emphasizing questions of aesthetics, style, historical context, influence, and reception. The curriculum encompasses a range of theoretical approaches – from classical to contemporary post-modern theories. To enable comparative analysis we have developed an interdisciplinary approach, aimed at examining the interplay of literature and other areas of study such as philosophy, history, film, ethnography, psychoanalysis, and linguistics. The diversity of perspectives within the department enables every student to design a course of study according to his or her own interests.
The department enjoys an active and vibrant student body. They regularly organize literary events throughout Jerusalem, attended by both students and staff. Every year, outstanding students are awarded scholarships and special prizes.
The study of literature combines passion, pleasure, and the opportunity for profound personal transformation.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.442799
Retrieved Text: Avra has taught writing at several universities in both New York and California including The Cooper Union, where she frequently teaches both the Freshman Seminar and humanities core capstone course, as well as The New School and Baruch College. Currently completing her PhD in Comparative Literature from CUNY Graduate Center, Avra holds an MA in Philosophy from University College Dublin, an MFA in Writing from California College of the Arts and a BA in Comparative Literature from the American University of Paris. In addition to her work one-on-one with students as an associate in the Center for Writing at Cooper, Avra offers writing pedagogy support as a Teaching and Learning Center Fellow at CUNY Graduate Center.
Nada Ayad earned her Ph.D. from the Department of Comparative Literature at the University of Southern California. She has taught composition for nearly a decade, as well as courses focusing on postcolonial literatures and cultures, women’s writing, and translation. Her research interests lie in modern Arabic literature, specifically, Arab women’s political texts, third world feminisms, postcolonial theory and translation studies. Nada’s other passion is translation. She has translated from the French “It’s about Dignity,” a personal account of a university student’s involvement in the Arab Spring in Morocco, which appeared in the edited volume Demanding Dignity: Young Voices from the Front Lines of the Arab Revolutions. She also collaborated with the creative team at the Sawt project on a documentary film by translating from the Egyptian Arabic dialect interviews of Egyptian women’s reactions to the 2011 Revolution. Currently she is working

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.41657
Retrieved Text: Established in its present form in May the 1st 2015, on the basis of two departments: the department of Eastern Languages and Religious Studies and the department of Modern languages and comparative literature, the Department of Languages and cultures provides possibilities for studying both world languages and cultures. The department is devoted to a wide range of Western languages as German, French, Spanish, Italian, Russian etc. as well Eastern languages as Chinese, Korean, Turkish, Arabic, Persian, Hebrew, Urdu etc. The Department also focuses on ancient and modern cultures of the West and the East.
To conduct researches and organize various programs on new approaches of teaching foreign languages, study of cultures and cultures.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.39194
Retrieved Text: Dr. Nathan Henne, from the department of Quezaltenango in Guatemala, is Associate Professor of Latin American Studies and Spanish at Loyola University New Orleans. He earned his Ph.D. in Comparative Literature from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 2007. His latest publications include: his translation of Luis de Lión’s novel Time Commences in Xibalbá (University of Arizona Press 2012), to which he provides a critical translator’s introduction. This Guatemalan novel, the pioneer of a movement called “New Maya Literature,” innovatively handles the complexities of indigenous identity in a country that embraces the outward symbols of its Maya past but often fails to connect that past meaningfully to modern realities. His article “Untranslation: The Popol Wuj and Comparative Methodology” (in CR: The New Centennial Review 2012/12:2) performs translation comparisons of the many versions of the Popol Wuj, the “oldest book in the Americas,” in order to expose philosophical and epistemological complications in translating Maya and other indigenous American literatures. He is working on a book-length extension of this project entitled More than Translation: Using the Popol Wuj as a Guide to Indigenous Poetics in American Literatures. Nathan’s current projects explore alternative theoretical approaches to syncretism, mestizaje, and ecology that reflect both pre-Contact and current Maya philosophies and perspectives. He has also begun work on a book-length project on nagualismo. Nathan’s teaching focuses include: Central American literature, literature of the Americas, Latin American magic realism, pre-Contact Indigenous literatures, translation theory, language theory, revolution literature, and Spanish language instruction.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.311481
Retrieved Text: The Department of Modern Indian Languages and Literary Studies was established in the year 1961. It runs Master Programmes in Bengali, Comparative Indian Literature and Tamil, and Certificate - Diploma - Advanced Diploma courses in 11 Indian Languages. The research programme in the field of Comparative Indian Literature, Folklore and Indian Languages and Literature, initiated by the Department, have drawn the attention of scholars from India and abroad. The Department has produced a good number of scholars in these fields during these years. The Master programme in Comparative Indian Literature has also come to limelight for its unique design and its relevance in the multi-lingual and multi-cultural situation of India, where a wide variety of literatures are produced in different languages.
Department has also undertaken various initiatives under the ongoing UGC DRS assistance. Under this scheme, the thrust areas are: Comparative Indian Literature, Translation Studies and Indian Folklore and Tribal lore. A series of National level seminars on these thrust areas have been organized during these years and few volumes are also to be published soon.
The Department celebrated its Golden Jubilee in the year 2010-11.
: 27666626, 27667725 Ext- 1305.
To Check the Eligibility Criteria and other details for applying to the above mentioned courses, refer to the Information Bulletin.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.281988
Retrieved Text: Helen Yitah is Associate Professor and Head of the Department of English, University of Ghana. She is also founding Director of the University of Ghana-Carnegie Writing Centre, established through her initiative. She holds a BA and MPhil from the University of Ghana and a PhD from the University of South Carolina, Columbia. She has taught various courses on literature and writing at both universities. A literary scholar and cultural critic, she has published on gender identity in literature, particularly oral and written African literature, American literature and children’s literature in Ghana; and women’s cultural production in colonial and contemporary Africa. Her current work includes two edited books, Philosophical Foundations of the Humanities through Postcolonial Perspectives (Brill/Rodopi, 2016) and After the Ceremonies, a collection of poems by Ama Ata Aidoo (African Poetry Book Fund). She has supported literary and cultural activity in various ways, including serving on judging panels for the Millennium Excellence Awards (literature category) and the “Love on the Road” short fiction contest; as facilitator for the African Poetry Library project; editor of the MBAASEM/Daily Graphic Writers Page; and presenter for “Read a Book a Week,” a book review program on Radio Universe, University of Ghana.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.24031
Retrieved Text: Dr. Billy J. Stratton is an associate professor in the Department of English where he teaches contemporary Native American and American literature, poetics, film studies, and writing. His critical, creative, and editorial work focuses on contemporary American literature and culture and Native literary studies. His work has appeared or is forthcoming in numerous books and journals including Oxford University Press, Arizona Quarterly, The Journal of American Culture, Wicazo-Sa Review, Studies in American Indian Literature, Rhizomes, Salon, and TIME.
Stratton's first book, 'Buried in Shades of Night' (2013), addresses Native American experience within the context of the Indian captivity narrative genre, King Philip's War, and colonial American history. His latest projects include a critical assessment of the “fictions” of Stephen Graham Jones, which is now available from the University of New Mexico Press (2016), as well as a work of fiction set in Appalachian coal country--an excerpt from which, "Mending the Centaur," was published in Cream City Review (39:1, 2015), with another forthcoming in the journal, Big Muddy.
He has been instrumental in efforts to create dialogue at DU around the issue of the Sand Creek Massacre, and has edited and published several works on that theme. Additionally, he serves at DU as Special Advisor on Native American Partnerships and Programs.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.203632
Retrieved Text: 2017 Hall of Fame of Neurosciences – The Slovak Neuroscience Society established the Hall of Fame of Neurosciences for distinguished scientists for their life-long contribution to the development of the Slovak neurosciences. In 2017 entered the Hall of Fame Prof. Michal Novak, who introduced the issue of the Alzheimer´s disease in Slovakia. Prof. Michal Novak established a number of institutions and scientific societies, which conduct research, introduce modern diagnostic methods into practice and inform the public about the gravity of the disease.
2016 Award of Slovak Academy of Sciences – for the establishment of neuroimmunology as a new scientific discipline in Slovakia, for solving scientific and research tasks of fundamental scientific interest and for creating conditions for scientific work in life sciences.
2014 Garnet Immunoglobulin - Czech Immunological Society Garnet immunoglobulin is the highest award given by the Czech Immunological Society to Czech and foreign immunologists as an expression of thanks for their contribution to immunology. This prestigious award was awarded to professor MVD Michal Novák, DSc. for the establishment and development of Neuroimmunology in "Czecho-Slovakia".
2001 Slovak Academy of Sciences (SAS) outstanding reward for science and research work, awarded by the Slovak Academy of Sciences to a team of employees from the Institute of Neuroimmunology and Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Veterinary Medicine and Pharmacy in Košice; prof. DVM. Michal Novak, DSc., Prof. DVM. Jaroslav Vrtiak Otto, DSc., Prof. DVM. Ivan Mikula DSc. and DVM. Ludmila Tkáčiková, PhD., for solving problems in research on neurodegenerative diseases in human and animals and lethal diseases - transmitted from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.167896
Retrieved Text: Mike Matthews (1937 – 2012) was a lifelong supporter of Canadian books and Canadian writers. During his thirty-three-year teaching career at Vancouver Island University (formerly Malaspina College), Mike championed a central role for Canadian literature in the syllabus. In addition, he wrote dozens of reviews of Canadian books for publications that included the Globe and Mail and The Malahat Review. After retirement, he continued to offer courses on Canadian authors at VIU’s Elder College for several years.
In his memory, the Mike Matthews Award for Studies in Canadian Literature has been established for a Vancouver Island University Arts and Humanities student who has a demonstrated interest in Canadian literature, and who is continuing graduate studies in this field.
Mike Matthews was a vibrant and witty man, treasured by his friends and family for his irreverent exuberance. Born in Aklavik, N.W.T., Mike grew up in Vancouver and obtained his undergraduate degree from UBC. After completing graduate studies at Montreal’s Sir George Williams University, Mike began his teaching career in the English Department at Malaspina College in Nanaimo, B.C. He also taught classes in theatre and took part in many theatrical productions. The Malahat Review is proud to have published a total of twenty-one reviews by Mike; the first appearing in the Spring issue of 1987 (#79) and his last, shortly before his death, in the Winter of 2011 (#177). His contributions were consistently intelligent, insightful, generous, and well-written. With his passing, Canadian literature has lost a uniquely talented and dedicated friend.
Tax-deductible donations to support the Mike Matthews Award can

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.157482
Retrieved Text: The Faculty of Modern Languages and Literatures is the largest faculty of Adam Mickiewicz University, and one of the most strongly developing. It has 300 teaching and research staff in total, including 74 professors and associate professors. It has over 2500 full-time and over 500 part-time students.
The high quality of the academic work done within the Faculty is confirmed by its category I ranking in the tables published by the Ministry of Science and Education.
The Institute of German Studies conducts research in the history of German literature, the literature and culture of 19th and 20th-century Austria, comparative literature, the reception of German literature in Poland, Polish-German literary connections, cultural studies of the German language area, the theory and practice of German language teaching (with computer support), Germanic linguistics, lexicology, lexicography, contrastive linguistics, descriptive German grammar, and the theory of literary translation.
The Institute of Romance Studies carries out research projects relating to the linguistics and literature of the Romance languages, including applied linguistics. Its research is coordinated with and complementary to similar projects carried out in other European countries. The Institute recognizes the very important role played in the modern world and in the EU by linguistic communication and its intercultural dimension, hence its interests in matters of cultural linguistics, acquisition of selected foreign-language discourse types, and issues in translation arising from the use of multiple national languages and the need for official documents to be translated into all of them. For several years the Institute has been involved in international programmes of research into the phraseology,

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: The word "border" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The rug had a wide blue border.
Sentence 2: The borders of the garden.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.763636
Retrieved Text: CHINESE WOOL HAND WOVEN RUG W 5' 11' L 8' 5"
Having a blue ground with one wide primary border with ivory and red and green floral designs. A central floral medallion surrounded by floral bouquet about the field. Floral corner brackets.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.983837
Retrieved Text: The rectangular rug shown in the figure above has an accent border. What is the area of the portion of the rug that excludes the border?
A rectangular rug has an accent border. What is the area of the rug that excludes the border?
(1) perimeter is 44 ft.
The combination of both is still insufficient.
For example, a rug with a perimeter of 44 ft could have the dimensions of 2x20. If the border was 1 foot wide, then there would be no area inside the border.
OR the rug could be 11x11, in which case the area of the rug that is not the border would be 9x9 or 81.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.858524
Retrieved Text: dining table against wall dining room remarkable best dining table bench ideas on for kitchen of room round dining table walmart.
large kitchen island on wheels large wooden kitchen island trolley with heavy duty rolling casters large kitchen island carts.
blue glass tile bathroom blue tile shower blue glass tile shower glass tile bathroom photos at blue glass tile bathroom blue green glass tile bathrooms.
modern breakfast nook image modern breakfast nook table.
tall headboards for queen beds tall headboards for queen beds brilliant charming headboard be black with regard to 3 tall headboards for queen size beds.
border tiles for floors border tiles for floors border tiles for floors wonderful floor tiles decoration in tile floor with border tiles for floors border floor tiles design.
36 inch square coffee table square coffee table square coffee table square coffee table vertigo square coffee table inch square 36 inch square wood coffee table.
decoration lights for home home decorative lighting decoration lights making.
red patterned rug red patterned rug red and grey patterned rug.
living room window coverings image of nice living room window treatments large living room window coverings.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.845383
Retrieved Text: Handmade in Pakistan, this Traditional Pakistan Oushak is a one-of-a-kind area rug. While traditional in style, the colors and hues within this rug are what make it so unique. The tan background, aqua blue border and floral pattern, make this the perfect rug for any traditional space, or any home where a statement floor piece would shine. If you are interested in this Tan With Aqua Blue Border, Pakistan Oushak, please contact us or visit our showroom.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.767155
Retrieved Text: front hall bench hallway shoe storage bench entryway shoe bench hallway storage units large size of cabinet hallway shoe rack front hall bench foyer bench ideas mudroom coat front hall bench with shoe.
cute beach cover ups beach beauty 6 best bikini cover ups.
scotch shipping tape heavy duty shipping packaging tape.
12 inch wide linen cabinet deep linen cabinet inch wide bathroom cabinet inch deep inch deep linen closet deep linen cabinet.
right arm chaise lounge inspiration gallery from right arm chaise lounge cover.
sofa sack medium size of bean bag chairs black deals sofa sack bean bags bean bag chair sofa sack reviews.
table console console table kijiji kitchener.
sisal rug 8x10 casual natural fiber marble and grey border sisal rug.
brown microfiber couch microfiber sofa and blue brown couch signature design by mocha reclining a.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.734426
Retrieved Text: Blue Ikat Rug. Shop Alexander Home Transitional Grey Blue Wool Geometric Hand Intended For Ikat Rug Decorations 12. New Modern Transitional Ikat Style Area Rug Gray Blue For Throughout Inspirations 16. Amazon Com Bombay Home Hand Tufted Manhattan Blue Ikat Rug 5 X 7 In Inspirations 3. Teardrop Ikat Kilim Rug Blue Lagoon West Elm For Design 9. Blue Ikat Area Rug 5 With A Border Dark And Tan Within Ideas 11. River Ikat Hand Knotted Rug Blue Grey Williams Sonoma For Inspirations 2. Shop Manhattan Hand Tufted Blue Ikat Rug 5 X 7 6 Free Shipping With Plans 4.
Transitional Blue Ikat Rug With Modern Style For Sale At 1stdibs Pertaining To Decorations 13. Kaleido Ikat Rug By Barclay Butera Lifestyle At Horchow Items To In Blue Plan 17. Gissar Ikat Hand Knotted Rug Blue Williams Sonoma Regarding Prepare 5. Rizzy Home Volare Blue Ikat Hand Tufted Wool 8 Ft X Round Within Rug Prepare 19. Medina Blue Gray Ikat Pattern Woven Rug Pertaining To Designs 15.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.612942
Retrieved Text: This is a rare Vintage Shaggy Rug in a Boho style from that is in fact Persian, although could be mistaken for Moroccan. This incredible beauty has a shaggy long pile in the main body of the rug with a flatweave border at either end. The colours are more pastel shades of light pink, coral, blue, green and yellow.
As this is a Vintage rug the rug may not be absolutely perfect or perfectly symmetrical and it has been handwoven and not factory produced. Please contact us directly if you would like more photos and information.
This is a rare Vintage Shaggy Rug from that is in fact Persian, although could be mistaken for Moroccan. This incredible beauty has a shaggy long pile in the main body of the rug with a flatweave border at either end. The colours are more pastel shades of light pink, coral, blue, green and yellow.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.578266
Retrieved Text: The Read to Dream Library Rug has a vivid border of reading-themed words and images on a blue background. This classroom rug will appeal to children in both elementary and middle school. WIth its KIDply® backing system, antimicrobial treatment and Carpet Guard stain protection, it will look like new for years to come. The Read to Dream Library Rug is backed by Carpets for Kids' lifetime warranty. Made in the U.S.A.
Carpets for Kids' Read to Dream Library Rug has a vivid border of reading-themed words and images on a blue background. This classroom rug will appeal to children in both elementary and middle school. WIth its KIDply® backing system, antimicrobial treatment and Carpet Guard stain protection, it will look like new for years to come. The Read to Dream Library Rug is made in the U.S.A. and backed by a lifetime warranty. Choose from three sizes.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.531343
Retrieved Text: Size: 8ft 2in x 3ft 8in (250 x 113cm).
Antique Caucasian Talish long rug with abrashed indigo blue field.
The rug has a classic Talish design and border, the change in colour (abrash) half way through the rug adds visual interest. The use of yellow in the small reciprocal design on the edge of the blue field is a nice feature.
The rug is in good condition with even wear and medium pile, there are a few old repairs that are hard to find.
ANTIQUE CAUCASIAN TALISH LONG RUG, ABRASHED BLUE FIELD, LATE 19TH CENTURY.
The ANTIQUE CAUCASIAN TALISH LONG RUG, ABRASHED BLUE FIELD, LATE 19TH CENTURY. has been added to your saved items.
Enquire about: ANTIQUE CAUCASIAN TALISH LONG RUG, ABRASHED BLUE FIELD, LATE 19TH CENTURY.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.272299
Retrieved Text: The Bluebeard Blue Mist Caryopteris x clandonensis Blue Mist also known as Bluebeard and Blue-Mist Spirea is an attractive compact mounding shrub with fragrant powder blue blooms. It has a long blooming season.This plant creates a wonderful border for perennial beds or use along walks and entryways. Place in full sun. Moderate grower to 2½ feet tall 2 feet wide on average.
The Bluebeard Sunshine Blue Caryopteris x clandonensis a Proven Winners selection is a compact Bluebeard that is a stonger plant than Worcester Gold. Sunshine Blue blooms from July through September. Sunshine Blue has rich blue flowers that overwhelm the pale blue blooms of other cultivars. Caryopteris is a valuable plant for the garden because it provides late season blooms when many other plants have passed their prime. Use this plant in a mixed border or as a mass planting in dry sunny areas and for cut flowers. This plant is very attractive to butterflies.
The Bluebeard Petit Blue Caryopteris x clandonensis a Proven Winners selection is a compact Bluebeard that has a very tight growth habit. Petit Blue blooms from July through September. The short internodes result in an intense floral display.The flowers contast nicely with the dark green glossy foliage.This plant is very attractive to butterflies.Plant this flower for a mixed border or in perennial beds. They may also be planted as part of a wildlife garden. Place in loose well drained soil.
The Arthur J. Simmonds Bluebeard Caryopteris x clandonensis Arthur J. Simmonds is perhaps the hardiest of bluebeards! It displays powdery light blue flowers

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.181494
Retrieved Text: Royal Blue Rug Amazing Home Design | Alabamapbisnetwork royal blue rugby socks. cheap royal blue area rugs. royal blue rugby cardigan sweater.
Astonishing Royal Blue Rug At 5 X 8 Heritage Area Rugs ESaleRugs. Alluring Royal Blue Rug In Amazon Com Shag Shaggy Modern Swirl Design Gray 5x7. Attractive Royal Blue Rug In Amazon Com CHATEAU RUGS Q4 MT2C F5WF New Chateau 4 Electric. Captivating Royal Blue Rug On Endurance 12 X 15 Rectangle. Impressive Royal Blue Rug At Furniture Area Design Cute And Awesome. Impressive Royal Blue Rug On Rugs Flooring The Home Depot. Astonishing Royal Blue Rug Of Silky Wool Overdyed For Sale At 1stdibs. Picturesque Royal Blue Rug On Vienna Rugs In Plain Shaggy Pile. Charming Royal Blue Rug At Rugs Flooring The Home Depot. Amazing Royal Blue Rug At Second Life Marketplace. Picturesque Royal Blue Rug On Labor Day Sales Are Upon Us Get This Deal Americolors Round. Minimalist Royal Blue Rug On Bright Kitchen Rugs. Modern Royal Blue Rug In Area 15211 Decorating Ideas. Wonderful Royal Blue Rug Of Solid Indigo Opulent Ideas. Appealing Royal Blue Rug Of Carpet Runner Awesome For. Lovely Royal Blue Rug Of Shag Nilecommerce Net. Inspiring Royal Blue Rug Of Afro Shag PLAIN 2 RUG Universe Rugs. Lovely Royal Blue Rug Of Stripe Navy Bath Mat Decorative Bedroom Living Room. Tremendeous Royal Blue Rug Of Rugs For Living Room Carpet. Charming Royal Blue Rug Of Area Cheap Beautiful Rugs By. Astonishing Royal Blue Rug At Checkered White And By Society6. Glamorous Royal Blue Rug On NuLOOM Handmade

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.141384
Retrieved Text: This Ankara Global area rug exemplifies the grace and regal appeal of a vintage Persian rug, with its intricate diamond medallions and classic border. Distressed gold and green on a silky distressed pile bring global inspiration and comfort together into an unforgettably exotic rug.
ANKARA GLOBAL ANR07 BLUE/GREEN 5'3" x 7'6"
ANKARA GLOBAL ANR07 BLUE/GREEN 7'10" x 9'10"
ANKARA GLOBAL ANR07 BLUE/GREEN 8'10" x 11'10"

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.063503
Retrieved Text: Blue And Beige Area Rugs has Publish by in Category home design at September 30th, 2018. Tagged with blue and beige area rugs.
Blue And Beige Area Rugs have 27 picture of home design category, it's including Bright Idea Blue And Beige Area Rugs This Review Is From Sofia 5 Ft X 8 Rug Safavieh 9 12 SOF381C The. Strikingly Design Blue And Beige Area Rugs Fayme Abstract Rug World Menagerie Reviews Wayfair. Intricate Blue And Beige Area Rugs Quick View Surya Caesar CAE 1012 Dark Slate Rug. Marvellous Inspiration Blue And Beige Area Rugs Amazon Com Premium Soft Contemporary Rug For Living Room Luxury 5x8 Cream Brown Modern 5x7 Bedroom Office Clearance. Fanciful Blue And Beige Area Rugs Bristol Natural Sisal Rug With Navy Color Border ICustomRug.
Tags : blue and beige area rugs.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.955229
Retrieved Text: 10 contemporary cowhide rugs 2016 best patchwork, faux, natural cowhide rugs. How to ship a cowhide rug how to ship. Ten of the best our top ten picks of animal skin rugs cowhide rugs reindeer hides city. Animal skin rugs roselawnlutheran. Dark brown white animal cow hide rug carpet runners uk. Fur rug skin 3d model. 12 best cowhide rugs of 2017 brown, black, natural, and faux cowhide rugs.
2x4 turkoman persian area rug. Dark gray shaggy 5x7 area shag rug contemporary swirls. Terra collection hand tufted area rug in blue, cream. 4 piece area rug sets roselawnlutheran. Bathroom : bath rug runner bath rug runners sale memory. Homespice decor cotton braided oval black area rug. Rugs: make you feel like you are petting an artic polar. Stain guard carpet scotchgard carpet protector homebase. 88 square area rugs viajesacancunco. Ivory 8x10 moroccan trellis oriental area rug. Flat woven area rugs home decor.
Home dynamix area rugs: splash rug: 211 999 multi color. Valintino floral vine border wool area rug in gray tan. Platoon dotted pattern wool area rug in blue grey brown. Safavieh him707a himalaya blue and multi colored area rug. Aqua blue area rugs aqua blue round area rug. Grey brown beige green ivory antique traditional hand. Safavieh milan shag aqua blue area rug reviews wayfair.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.924719
Retrieved Text: Zebra hide rug at 1stdibs. Faux black zebra hide with felt back jayson home. Authentic zebra hide rug roselawnlutheran. Faux fur zebra hide rug from france, 3 x 5 brown white fake zebra skin rug leather, fur. Decorating: gorgeous faux animal skin rugs for living room decorating ideas sullivanbandbscom. Zebra hides and rugs roje exotic leather. Metallic zebra print hides(via made by girl) made by girl.
Dalyn rossini rs5501 multi rug. Rugsville antique kazvin green gold wool 17105 rug. Carpet rugs: marvelous 10x12 outdoor rug for your. Favorite rug pad for hardwood floors. Round multi coloured pom pom rug. Baluch rug antique rugs and textiles pinterest rugs. Inexpensive jute rugs area rug ideas. Natural dye tibetan rug, 5x5 area rugs by a rug for. Kavali area rug frontgate. Safavieh chelsea burgundy/ivory 3 ft x 3 ft round area. St croix shimmer shag yellow round area rug sxss03rou.
Safavieh him707a himalaya blue and multi colored area rug. Home dynamix area rugs: splash rug: 211 999 multi color. Valintino floral vine border wool area rug in gray tan. Safavieh milan shag aqua blue area rug reviews wayfair. Grey brown beige green ivory antique traditional hand. Platoon dotted pattern wool area rug in blue grey brown. Aqua blue area rugs aqua blue round area rug.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.918446
Retrieved Text: The Fun Rugs 2-Foot x 2-Foot 7-Inch Blue Plain Rug features one of the most popular colors and goes great in any decor. Reminiscent of water and the sky, this beautiful blue rug will bring a cool and serene vibe to your space.
The Fun Rugs The Blue Accent Rug will amp up any décor in rock n' roll style. Featuring guitars in hues of blue, this nylon rug is durably constructed to provide style and to withstand years of heavy foot traffic. Perfect for your music fan's bedroom.
Let's go! Update your little speedracer's bedroom with the Fun Rugs 2-Foot 7-Inch x 3-Foot 11-Inch Blue Car Rug. Boasting a durable nylon construction, this stylish rug will provide lasting comfort and charm.
Made of 100% cotton yarn, the Sweet Jojo Designs Soho Accent Rug is hand-tufted and super-soft with a non-skid backing. It features the contemporary color palette used elsewhere in the collection with a blue and camel colorblocked border.
You're sure to hit a homerun with the Fun Time Up to Bat Rug from Fun Rugs. The blue rug features 24 light blue squares with baseball icons including bats, hats, mitts, fields and balls. Both fun and sporty, the rug warms up any space for playtime.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.881735
Retrieved Text: Buy Mohawk Home Wellington 2-Foot 6-Inch x 4-Foot 2-Inch Bath Rug in Blue from $54.99 at Bed Bath & Beyond. Beautify your home with a Wellington Bath Rug from Mohawk Home. Featuring high-and-low cut pile with elegant botanical imagery of vines and leaves, this attractive bath rug has a triple concentric border and is machine made of nylon for durability.Beautify your home with a Wellington Bath Rug from Mohawk Home. Featuring high-and-low cut pile with elegant botanical imagery of vines and leaves, this attractive bath rug has a triple concentric border and is machine made of nylon for durability.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.8
Retrieved Text: Faux fur zebra hide rug from france, 3 x 5 brown white fake zebra skin rug leather, fur. Decorating: gorgeous faux animal skin rugs for living room decorating ideas sullivanbandbscom. Brindle cowhide rug rugs ideas. Light brown white animal cow hide rug carpet runners uk. Decorating: gorgeous faux animal skin rugs for living room decorating ideas sullivanbandbscom. Amara zebra printed cow skin rug black / beige at amara. Brown white animal cow hide rug carpet runners uk.
6#039; x 9#039; handmade oushak oriental area rug nyc rugs. Allstar rugs burgundy area rug reviews wayfairca. White fur rug target in creative medium size rectangle large big grey fur rug big w fur rug. Brown and blue rug roselawnlutheran. Well woven mystic alvin blue 5 ft x 7 ft modern. Remodelaholic 20 green and blue area rugs you#039;ll love. Traditional persian design rug unique carpets different. D#039;orsay rug in peach pale blue design by elle decor. Clara round rug pottery barn kids. Nourison kathy ireland antiquities ant05 ivory area rug. Let it snow snowman christmas bath rug jolly mat holiday.
Safavieh milan shag aqua blue area rug reviews wayfair. Valintino floral vine border wool area rug in gray tan. Grey brown beige green ivory antique traditional hand. Aqua blue area rugs aqua blue round area rug. Home dynamix area rugs: splash rug: 211 999 multi color. Platoon dotted pattern wool area rug in blue grey brown. Safavieh him707a himalaya blue and multi colored area rug.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.780464
Retrieved Text: High quality and high style, this Safavieh Courtyard area rug is extremely useful in any home. Quality meets modern style in this indoor/outdoor rug made out of plush synthetic material. Keep this machine-made made rug in your home for a long time. Keep things classy, yet high-quality with this geometric patterned blue rug.
Place this contemporary Artistic Weavers Curapa area rug in your home for a piece that makes a statement. Bring this high quality plush synthetic indoor rug into your home to upgrade your interior design immensely. High-quality and high fashion, this machine-made rug is perfect for you. Upgrade the dicor of your modern home with this paisley patterned brown rug.
Add this Balta Us Elegant Embrace area rug to your hallway, dining room, or living room for an infusion of style. Decor done right with this indoor piece, and its plush synthetic material. Modern style and construction is combined in this machine-made rug. Maintain your modern home aesthetic with this border patterned beige tan rug.
This Balta Us Elegant Embrace area rug adds a touch of modern flair to the design of any area in your home. Decor does not have to be hard with this plush synthetic indoor rug. High-quality and high fashion, this machine-made rug is perfect for you. This border patterned red rug makes a contemporary mark on your home's interior design.
This Ecarpetgallery Prescilla area rug is a great high-quality option for livening up your home. Designed to decorate an indoor space, this plush synthetic material rug is high quality. Bring this machine-made rug

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.74684
Retrieved Text: A large French traditional Aubusson style rug in cotton chenille with floral motif. Great to give your lounge that real Parisian touch.
A colourful Florentine rug in cotton chenille with red and blue/green floral pattern in the style of the grand homes in Florence.
A lovely French Aubusson style cotton chenille in cream/latte with dusty pink motifs. Perfect for a bedroom.
A French chenille rug with large floral motif and a geometrical border.
A teal, brown and cream French Aubusson style rug in cotton chenille, great to give your lounge that real French touch.
A Belgian pure wool rug perfect for an entry with Indian paisley motif on black background.
Made in the Aubusson style, this Belgian cotton chenille rug in soft tones has a lovely border and a central floral rosette..

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.68159
Retrieved Text: The shadows in the background are very wonderful as is the limited color palette.
Hooked by Anne Corazzi of Fort Wayne, Indiana. WOW! Anne hooked this with me at the Laurel Mountain Rug School here in Ligonier. The richness of her background adds so much elegance to this rug. The whimsy of the colors and the softness of the leaves are great.
Betty Ann Brittingham of Exton, Pennsylvania, hooked this Penn Flower Basket. The next photo is a closeup of her border. Betty Ann’s color story is super, the blacks, reds and greens just make a great statement. Please notice the close up of her border. You too can do this.
Hooked by Caroline Twigg of Keedysville, Maryland. This is one great rug. The green leaves on the brown background are super, as is the pot. Very old and wonderful.
Carolyn Rapstine hooked this Penn Flower Basket with me at the Star of Texas, Fredericksburg Rug Camp. Please note the border wool – very exciting and really ages this rug. We had a great time!
Chris Conrad of Okeana, Ohio hooked this Penn Flower Basket. The medium background helps age the rug. And the blue leaves in the border are super. Also love the “base” of the center flower. Soft and gracious. Love her gold background which adds age and wear. The rust warms the rug up and the dark border contains the wonderful leaves.
Hooked by Elaine Cathcart of Athens, Tennessee. We do not print the border like this, but I wanted everyone to see what a great rug this is.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.56492
Retrieved Text: From the personal collection of the internationally famous economist Lord Peter Bauer, a lovely at least 18th/early 19th century (perhaps earlier) framed and glazed textile, possibly of ecclesiastical origins, featuring gold and silver metallic threads and metallic fringe border on a silk velvet ground, professionally and beautifully mounted in a recessed gilt frame with gilt slip, on black ground, in the conservation manner.
Lord Bauer was not only a very highly regarded economist and winner of the Milton Friedman Prize for Advancing Liberty, but was also was a renowned and passionate collector of art and antiques. He died in London in May, 2002, at the age of 86.
Size-17 inches wide by 32.5 inches long.
A lovely and decorative piece of substantial size, in very good condition, with minimal wear consistent with its age.
This is a chance to own something unique, and with a wonderful provenance.
Striking very large Chinese knotted wool rug.
Very large sized 12 feet by 15 feet thick Chinese hand knotted wool rug with elegant asymmetrical foliate and leafy branch detail, and with fringe to both ends.
The deep aubergine ground is highlighted with blue, green, grey and rust colours in the detail, which will work with any décor in living room, dining room, bedroom or conservatory.
With just the expected signs of wear for its age, it is in very good condition overall.
Size-approximately 12 feet wide by 15 feet long.
A wonderful and hard to find size rug, with very handsome detail makes this an excellent buy for its quality and size, and a great addition to home or

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.55597
Retrieved Text: Evergreen burgundy rug 8 ft round. Dimensions ornate medallion wool round rug in blue grey. Southwest tribal border wool round rug in red tan rust. Concord global trading imperial fleur de lys black 7 ft. Tabriz design round rug 10#039; x 10#039;. Tips: mesmerizing lowes rug pad for chic floor decoration. Orian rugs como bisque 7 ft 10 in round area rug 238587.
12 best cowhide rugs of 2017 brown, black, natural, and. Sunflower kitchen rugs washable kitchen set : home. Indoor/outdoor calypso rug : target. Gombad b hand knotted tibetan rug from the christopher. Half circle rug home ideas. Rugs for living room yellow blue grey 8x10 area rugs on. Shop safavieh montauk mindil turquoise/ivory indoor. Green hall runner rug epos carpet runners uk. Rug doctor spot cleaner rug doctor spot cleaner rug doctor. Furniture: small round accent rugs unique round accent. Charlton home pierce white shag area rug reviews wayfair.
Traditional rugs carpets artisan rugs. Teal area rug 5x8 rugs ideas. Teal color rug teal blue area rug rugs solids solid. Rug atn338f artisan area rugs by safavieh. Artisan room of rugs. Artisan room of rugs. Rug atn318c artisan area rugs by safavieh.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.550407
Retrieved Text: 8x10 wool area rug safavieh heritage collection hg911a handcrafted traditional oriental multi and burgundy wool area rug 8 wool rug caloriegalleryco x wool rug awesome flooring rugs size plan wool area regarding prepare in wool area.
8x10 wool area rug 8x10 wool rug wool area rugs wool area rugs wool area rugs cheap wool rugs best amazing x wool rug at rugs amazon com sacstatesnow beige wool home and furniture enthralling x wool rug at brilliant amazing area rugs cievi home within.
8x10 wool area rug cheap area rugs 8x10 wool area rugs wool area rug cheap wool rugs wool area rugs safavieh wool rug x wool rug dark grey ivory wool rugs wool area safavieh wool rug x wool area rugs best of antiquity traditional handmade red multi wool rug.
8x10 wool area rug wool area rug 8x10 wool rug wool rug wool area rugs floor coverings flat weave tribal cheap area rugs wool area rugs wool area rug cheap wool rugs cheap area rugs x wool area rugs wool area rug cheap wool rugs wool area rugs.
8x10 wool area rug wool area rugs 8x10 wool area rugs amazing best carpet rug or images on contemporary throughout wool area rug beautybyeveco wool area rug x wool area rugs wool area rugs medium size of area runner rug.
8x10 wool area rug wool area rugs 8x10 pottery barn area rugs pottery barn 8 x wool area rug in wool area rugs 8x10 x beige wool wool blend area rugs rugs the home depot valintino beige border hand tufted wool ft

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.491676
Retrieved Text: tan and blue area rug 8x10 rugs floor coverings hand tufted oriental pattern wool brown.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 rugs floor coverings hand tufted durable wool gray.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 wool sand beige.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 8 x contemporary style green red medallion design home vines.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 rugs floor coverings hand tufted durable wool gray oval.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 trendy with picture of rugs cool from brown ivory amp 8 x.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 black gray medium 2 ft x 3 rugs white polka dot.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 brown rugs mercury row hand woven grey gray ivory black beige shag white large.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 olive green awesome rugs.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 rugs floor coverings naturals textured hemp taupe.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 brown rugs ideas home design in awesome pertaining to 9.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 beautiful floral rugs or.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 rugs 8 x intended for in plan grey brown best gray images on royal.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 awesome x rugs medium size of solid magnificent.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 8 x hand tufted beige embossed scroll wool.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 rugs floor coverings solids solid pattern wool art corner.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 hand woven.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 cheap sisal rugs natural fiber by rustic of.
tan and blue area rug 8x10 rugs floor coverings naturals textured jute taupe.
tan and blue area

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.460442
Retrieved Text: A particularly beautifully balanced design with classic Bordjalou field and border elements. The rug is well preserved having been hung on the wall for many decades. This is a dramatic and compelling Caucasian rug.
Very finely woven jajim with an amazing visual impact not translatable, at least by me, to a photo.
An artfully drawn mat in excellent condition.
A rare field design in a rug but not uncommon in Sanjabi Kurd saddlebags. The loose weave and floppy handle suggest use as a sleeping rug. The wool quality is superb. Once again the long pile floral designs in the field set against a corroded brown ground creates a 3 dimensional effect causing the rug to feel as if it is floating.
Excellent composition with great balance between field and border. The botehs, small in scale and on a dark blue background, contrast with the larger meandering design of the ivory outer border. Also, slight variations in the coloring of the rows of botehs produces a sense of rhythmic movement.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.407965
Retrieved Text: Hooked by Dea Olson of Topeka, Kansas. I love the way she echoed the stars with the off-white wool.
Hooked and designed by my friend Diane Denmead. The rug is pictured in American Primitive Hooked Rugs. Many people have asked for this pattern, so we are happy that it is now available. Note the way Diane hooked the stars in the background. I love the way she “hid” them.
Hooked by Heidi Apger of Lexington, Ohio. The stripes on Heidi’s cat are so subtle and soft. Just wonderful. Her dark green background has a soft and mellow tone to it. Just perfect with the cat.
Sondra Ives hooked this Diane’s Cat. Very fun border!!!
Hooked by Barbara Hill of Ligonier, Pennsylvania. The simple color play is neat and I love the white feet on this cat!
Hooked by Beth Stitely of Boonsboro, Maryland. I love the way Beth uses her purples – very fanciful and fun. The complimentary green lifts up the border and keeps the rug from being dark. This is for her son – who loves Taz and Superman.
Bev Cole of Centerville, Ohio hooked the second rug. The play of the purples and greens in the background and border is super fun. The circles just add to the whimsical nature of this rug.
A truly fun “marmalade cat.” Carrie O’Banion, Omaha, Nebraska, had a good time with this rug. Note that she brought the marmalade colors to the border.
Hooked by Char Marquart, Tyler, Texas. The outline of the cat is super, and Char’s background is neat. I love the way

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.399412
Retrieved Text: Huge Gift Rizzy Home Rugs Carrington Collection Power Loomed Abstract Beige Grey | Sacramentoduilawyers rizzy home rugs reviews. rizzy home area rugs. rizzy home rugs.
Bonanza Rizzy Home Rugs Ellington Blue 3 Ft X 5 Area Rug. Fresh Rizzy Home Rugs Valintino Grey Hand Tufted Wool 5 Ft X 8 Area Rug. Fresh Rizzy Home Rugs Marianna Fields Gray Border Hand Tufted Wool 5 Ft X 8. Enormous Rizzy Home Rugs Southwest Collection Hand Tufted Geometric Wool Red. Happy Rizzy Home Rugs Leone Blue Southwestern 8 Ft X 10 Area Rug. Rare Rizzy Home Rugs Leone Rectangular Blue Area Rug LO9993. Interesting Rizzy Home Rugs Millennium Beige Blue 7x10 Rug The Dump Luxe. Security Rizzy Home Rugs Amazon Com PR0214 Pandora 8 Feet By 10 Area Rug. Monumental Rizzy Home Rugs Valintino VN9450 Area Rug Carpetmart Com. Enormous Rizzy Home Rugs Ellington Ivory 3 Ft X 5 Area Rug. Just Arrived Rizzy Home Rugs Bv3714 Bellevue Decor Blue 5 1 4 X 7 2 EBay. Profitable Rizzy Home Rugs Eden Harbor EH070A Multi Colored Block Area Rug. Huge Gift Rizzy Home Rugs Carrington Collection Power Loomed Abstract Beige Grey. Important Rizzy Home Rugs Transitional Millennium Grey Blue 7X10 Rug The Dump. Genuine Rizzy Home Rugs Avant Garde Collection Multi Colored Area Rug 9 X 12. Expert Rizzy Home Rugs Decor Market Bellevue Blue Power Loomed Area Rug BV3728. Simplified Rizzy Home Rugs Tumble Weed Loft Collection Blue Diamond Area Rug 5x8. Largest Rizzy Home Rugs Ellington Light Blue 8 Ft X 10 Area Rug. Sturdy Rizzy Home

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.343271
Retrieved Text: I'd together with in direction of say that design expert services hire exploration services given that they're lazy, still it's yes not the circumstance. Art Carpet Bastille Fretwork Gray Blue 5 Ft X 8 Ft Oval Area Rug 841864108804 By Dylan Boyer They're particularly frightened in the direction of deliver a blunder (can yourself envision generating 1000 pairs of significant waisted slim leg denims basically toward uncover that every person was likely for lower increase bootleg? Ebay auctioning them is NOT a product or Art Carpet Bastille Fretwork Gray Blue 5 Ft X 8 Ft Oval Area Rug 841864108804 By Dylan Boyer service right here). There are way too outstanding season restrictions in between the seasons. Thus optimum designers style their selection close to what they are fed, and if they're privileged they take towards drive above Europe and Japan toward acquire outfits towards 'acquire enthusiasm in opposition to'. This is why we buy a insignificant big difference of the style concept just about every time; all our designers are procuring within the very same shop in just London! If your self will need in the direction of perspective nearly anything Quite intriguing, accurately keep track of the girls with suitcases within just greatest office outlets shopping for dimension 10 (the moment they are dimension 12) at the get started of each individual time. Question them what they do for a dwelling.
Everybody has wanted a taste of luxury but however for most of us, it's either too hard or too expensive to achieve. The closest to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.184746
Retrieved Text: Create your own stunning rugs with over thousands possibilities.
Looking for a beautiful rug, Crucial Trading have a extensive range of stunning materials from Sisal to Natural Wool. All of which can be enhanced by the addition of a contrasting vibrant or subtle border, depending on your style.
If you would like any assistance creating your personalised rug please call our team on 01753 884 121.
Firstly you need to decide exactly how large a rug you would like. Please be aware that some of the Crucial Trading materials are only manufactured in 4 metre widths and therefore a 5m x 5m rug wouldn't be possible. For a full list of sizes please consult the manufacturers Price List at the bottom of the page.
The Center of the rug can be made from any of the Crucial Trading Broadloom's, all of which you can see at our Gerrards Cross Showroom. For a list of all available products and product codes please see the price list at the bottom of this page.
Rugs can be finished with a single or double border and with or without piping. Cotton, Leather, Suede and Linen borders are 55mm wide and the piping is 10mm wide.
Once you have a decided on the size of the rug the material, colour and border please contact our team with the number above or please email info@haydenflooringservices.com and our team will get back to you as soon as possible.

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: The word "maneuver" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He made a great maneuver.
Sentence 2: Parallel parking can be a difficult maneuver.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.290447
Retrieved Text: Probably, the maneuver that most strikes fear in the heart of a new driver facing a behind-the-wheel driving test, is the parallel parking maneuver. Maneuvering your vehicle, backwards, into a tiny parking spot without hitting the vehicle ahead or behind is daunting even for experienced drivers who don’t have to do it very often but it doesn't have to be all that scary. Just like any other skill, all it takes is practice…. lots and lots of practice.
You shouldn't start practicing in a real environment with actual cars in front and back; making a mistake while learning to park around real cars could be costly. Instead, you should begin learning how to perform this maneuver in an empty parking lot with a pair of cones or some other type of marker to represent the front and rear bumpers of the car ahead and behind.
Step one – Illuminate your right turn signal to let other drivers know your intentions. Slow down and pull up alongside the other "car" (cone) until your rear bumper is even with the front vehicle's rear bumper. Check your mirrors for other traffic and don't begin until you are sure the way is clear.
Step two - Put the car in reverse and turn the wheel to the right. Turn the upper part of your body to the right so that you can clearly see everything behind you. Start backing slowly and steadily into the space behind. When your passenger door comes even with the rear bumper of the front vehicle, stop.
Step three –

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.568487
Retrieved Text: Guinness WORLD RECORD of TIGHTEST Parralel PARKING (just 8 cm) – AUDIENCE IS DEVASTATED!
Everyone will at least once make a disproportionate number of maneuvers to park a car. To all, but not to the Chinese drive Han Yue, who set a new Guinness world record on November 14 with a super parallel parking maneuver, which allowed him to tuck his Mini 3 Door Hatch into a ‘hole’ cut almost by a tailor, with paltry 8 centimeters of extra space (the previous record was 15 centimeters).
This event took place during the China Drift Championship held in Chongqing, China.
It is highly recommended not to repeat this in the city center 🙂 It was 2012 when the Chinese Han Yue beat the world record for the parallel parking in the narrowest possible space, leaving only 15 cm of space between his car and the other two. In this video, Yue beat his own record, by parking between two cars with only 8 cm of extra space.
As the other person stated, thats Not parallel parking. I would like to see get out without touching or moving the other cars.
How would you like to have been this guy’s neighbors for the past year while he practiced?? For those who say it’s not parallel parking or that they could do better – show us the videos or be humble and give this guy his due. Like a lot of things in life, it doesn’t matter until it’s published or otherwise communicated.
I hear you buddy. His neighbors must have enjoyed watching him practice.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.904692
Retrieved Text: Truck Driving School San Marcos, TX wants to talk today about the principal things that you need to do to pass a road test. You must evidence to the examiner that you have due care and control of the vehicle at all times underpinning owing care and control of the car at every moment is speed and space management.
You must have controlled and adjusted the speed of the vehicle appropriate to the environment and the traffic on which are in, and you must have space control. You must not get too close to fixed things or other cars on the road. We write this to tell you what those principal ways to be successful in your road test are.
The main way to pass your road test and be successful is to practice a lot. There are none of the tips that we can say that is more important than this. Always look for the way to practice.
The more training you get driving the vehicle that you are going to road test on whether it’s a real truck or a car or a motorcycle, practice gets as much driving times. You should drive a vehicle, it’s not a spectator sport can’t simply watch and learn how to drive. You have to take the wheel. Equally, You have to get comfortable with the primary controls the vehicle and You must develop the way to perceive the risks of different scenarios that can put you in danger.
There is nothing better to learn and understand those risks than to practice

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.351942
Retrieved Text: Parallel parking can be challenging for many people. If you live in the city, chances are you see parallel parking spots often. Do you avoid them? You don’t have to. Follow these steps to make parallel parking a breeze.
1. Find the Right Spot. The ideal spot will be a few feet longer than your car, to give you room to maneuver. If you don’t feel confident that there is enough space for your vehicle, don't park there. It’s worth parking a little further away to avoid an accident.
2. Turn On Your Blinker. This way, other cars will know that you are trying to park. They will know that the spot is spoken for and that they should go around you.
3. Line It Up. You will need to align your car with the vehicle parked in front of the spot you want. Make sure your rear bumpers are right in line with one another.
4. Turn Your Wheel to the Right. Turn your wheel all the way to the right before you begin your turn. Put your car into reverse, turn the wheel, and slowly let off of the brake. Stop when your car’s center is even with the other car’s rear bumper.
5. Turn Your Wheel to the Left. Turn your wheel all the way to the left and slowly let off the brakes. Continue backing up into the spot, leaving enough space behind your car so that you do not hit the car behind the spot.
6. Adjust. You may need to scoot your car forward or backward

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.184319
Retrieved Text: A vehicle is a big investment for most drivers, and as such many prefer to keep their vehicle looking its best as long as possible. Of course, part of the car-owning experience is dealing with the potential risk of your vehicle getting dents or scratches at any time. That said, there are a few practices that car owners can utilize to reduce the chances of having their car’s exterior damaged.
It’s safe to say that a majority of scratches and dents occur in parking lots. We all know of the types of people who open car doors recklessly without caring about hitting the vehicle next to them. The best way to avoid getting dinged up in a parking lot is by parking in an emptier part of the lot. Sure, it may cause you to have to walk a little further to your destination, but your car’s pain job will thank you.
Although many drivers view the parallel park as one of the more difficult driving maneuvers, it’s a great way to avoid having other cars parked next to you. While parallel parking may be an intimidating maneuver at first, practice makes perfect!
Of course, the more time your car spends in a garage or carport, the more protected it is from the elements and other people. If possible, park your car in a garage as much as possible.
Avoid driving or leaving your vehicle outside during extreme weather, which can cause damage to your vehicle’s exterior. Hail storms tend to wreak the most havoc on vehicles, however, windstorms can

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.189194
Retrieved Text: Electric Trailer Brake Systems "SERVING THE BOAT, RV & UTILITY TRAILER MARKET SINCE 1981" Electric Trailer Brake Parts from Dexter,. Tractor Trailer Equipment.The most important tip you'll ever learn for backing up a trailer. Back up your trailer with ease and impress your friends with you newly learned skill.Home » Rubber Extrusion and Rubber Seals » Locking Gaskets » One-Piece Locking Gaskets. One-Piece Locking Gaskets. LK1522. One-Piece Locking Gasket. View. LK1663.Offset backing left — You will be asked to pull forward from a lane and stop at the barrier of cones. (tractor and trailer for Class A).
Tractor Trailer Backing Techniques hay nhất tổng hợp tất cả video clip hay về Tractor Trailer Backing Techniques mới nhất.
Find Martin Wheel 5-Hole Steel Custom Spoke Trailer Wheel, 15X6 in the Trailer Tires category at Tractor Supply Co.The Martin Wheel 5-Hole Steel.Introduction to Class A Tractor Trailer License. Straight line backing. Alley docking. Offset backing. Josephs Driving School.OFFSET PARKING 2 Free GOALs LEFT to RIGHT 2 Free Pull-ups 1 Pull forward and stop short of the front. Back up until the trailer is directly behind the.Learn how to back up a trailer safely and. The principles are the same whether you have a 53’ tractor/trailer rig or a rented 8. The Art of Manliness.This is "Offset Backing" by Total Transportation of MS on Vimeo, the home for high quality videos and the people who love them.
Information for Commercial Carriers. a truck tractor and semi-trailer combination ii). rear of pony trailer, maximum 20 m v) hitch offset,.Trucker Training Videos Backing Up.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.142397
Retrieved Text: An awesome battlefield awaits you with its massive vehicles and wild parking challenges. The parking challenges involve driving the heavy duty tanks through the battlefields, dodging hurdles and army barracks, and safely parking them at the allotted spots. Don’t forget tanks are extremely difficult to maneuver due to their sheer weight and size. Be the brave soldier who can perform that duty to his nation diligently and take upon these tank parking simulation missions.
Take a try at this Battlefield Tank Simulator and experience the rush and daring atmosphere of a battlefield full of armed vehicles, soldiers, explosives and an army at war. Drive the tanks and feel the immensity and power of these battlefield vehicles. Acceleration and braking in this tank simulator will show you how differently they operate.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.060104
Retrieved Text: The Smart Parking Assist System helps drivers park their vehicle by using sensors to measure parallel parking spaces, control the steering wheel to semi-automatically park the car and provide instruction on the LCD display to help through parking.
The vehicle will not stop for pedestrians or objects that may be in its path, so the driver must monitor the maneuver.
Use the system only in parking lots and places used for parking.
The system does not work if there is no car parked in front of the parking space you are planning to park or if it is a diagonal parking space.
After parking your vehicle using the system, the vehicle may not be parked at the exact spot you have wished. For example, the space between your vehicle and wall may not be the distance you have desired.
Deactivate the system and park your vehicle manually, when the situation requires parking manually.
The Parking Assist System's front and rear warning sound activates when the Smart Parking Assist System is activated.
After searching for a parking space is completed, the Smart Parking Assist System will be canceled if the Parking Assist System is cancelled by pressing the button to the OFF position.
The Smart Parking Assist System should only be considered as a supplementary function. The driver must check the front and rear view for objects. The operational function of the Smart Parking Assist System can be affected by many factors and conditions of the surroundings, so the responsibility rests always with the driver.
The system may not operate normally if the vehicle needs wheel

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.581764
Retrieved Text: One of the hardest things about being a new driver, or any driver, is learning how to parallel park. However, being able to easily parallel park is not only a useful skill, especially in a city, but an impressive one as well. Here is how to parallel park like a pro.
Step 1: Try to find a suitable space. You should look for a space that is a few feet longer than your vehicle to give you ample room to park comfortably. Although, if your selection is limited, with careful maneuvering, you can use a smaller space.
Step 2: Take a good look at your potential space. You want to make sure that it is as long as it originally looked, that there are no special parking restrictions or driveways in the way, and if there are any obstructions, or people, near the road that you will need to be wary of while parking.
Step 3: Now, let everyone know that this space is yours and get yourself in the right position to back up. Signal toward the space and slow your speed down. Be careful to check your rear view mirror in order to make sure that there are no cars directly behind you. If there are then slow down more gently than you normally would, until they reduce their speed. Pull up close beside the car in front of your claimed space, aligning the front of your car with the middle of the other car.
Step 4: It’s time to shift in reverse. First, use the driver’s side

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.480742
Retrieved Text: The Wiser Driver 2-Hour-Behind-The-Wheel-Driving- Package includes 1 two hour lesson. This package also includes free transportation and a Defensive Driver Course. Training primarily focus on the basic skills needed to safely navigate residential, highway and interstate roadways. Students will also practice different maneuver methods such as parallel, three point turns, and straight line backing.
The Wiser Driver 2-Hour-Behind-The-Wheel-Driving- Package includes 1 two hour driving lesson. This package also includes free transportation for the training. This package is used for introductory purposes to training, refining parking practice and adding additional hours to larger packages at the end of training.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.151993
Retrieved Text: My Ford Explorer has been incredibly reliable. It is a large vehicle, similar to a truck, which definitely comes in handy for all sorts of tasks from running errands to moving furniture. The vehicle is large enough and sturdy enough so that I feel safe on the road. It also handles really well and is incredibly easy to drive and maneuver on the road. This vehicle also has really low maintenance, even for being a slightly older option—there have not been many issues with the vehicle besides regular maintenance. This has been an incredibly high-quality car for the money. I would highly recommend owning a car like this one.
I live in a big city with limited parking, I definitely wasn't thinking about all the parallel parking I would need to do. It was quite the learning curve!
My favorite features of this vehicle are the leather seats that have seat warmers included. I also really love the back-up sensors on the vehicle. It makes it way easier to parallel park and maneuver a large car in the city. Another great feature of this car is the space for hauling items. The seats fold down as well for even greater storage capacity. It definitely comes in handy.
A major con for owning this vehicle is the gas mileage. At this point, it gets about 14 miles per gallon—a little more on the highway, but it evens out to 14 miles per gallon. The car can also be a bit bouncy and rides like a truck. It's not as comfortable

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.04347
Retrieved Text: Parallel parking is often one of the most difficult driving skills to master. It takes time, patience, and confidence. Unfortunately, when driving a car rental vehicle in a busy city like New York, Miami, Los Angeles, or Toronto, parallel parking may be your only option, especially when frequenting a busy downtown area. What's more, parallel parking becomes increasingly challenging if you are driving a larger car rental vehicle like an SUV or van.
Simply put, parallel parking is whenever you park at a curbside location, between two other vehicles or objects. You will be backing your car rental vehicle into a space parallel, or beside your car, rather than pulling forward, or backing straight into a parking space in a garage or lot. You will also be using an imaginary or real vehicle ahead of the spot you plan to enter, and parallel to your vehicle, to help guide you into the parking spot. Parallel parking almost always occurs in an urban setting on a street.
Never pull forward into a space. Driving forward into a space between two vehicles may seem like the simple answer, but it isn’t. Often when you are parallel parking, it is on a busy street with traffic. When you pull in forward, you will likely leave the rear portion of your vehicle sticking out dangerously into the street. As well, when you reverse your vehicle to adjust it into the space, you will likely have less maneuverability due to the angle of your vehicle and rear wheels.
Take a deep breath and relax.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.801952
Retrieved Text: Moving house, regardless of how big or how small is never a pleasant experience. Packing everything up, moving it into the van, taking everything into the new house and unpacking is a big task to say the least. Of course, this is something that can be and is done by professional movers but not everybody lives in a big five bedroom house. For those relocating from a smaller home making the move using Ford Cargo vans on Long Island is a great option that many people tend to overlook. For these people a cargo van is the perfect solution.
You may be one of the lucky ones that live where there is plenty of parking or perhaps you have a large driveway, this is often not the case when you live in the New York area, urban dwellers everywhere have problems with parking. When moving day rolls around and you find that you are only assigned one space to park in or worse yet you have to parallel park out on the street this is when the benefit of having Ford Cargo vans on Long Island comes into play. A typical cargo van can be easily parked in an average spot and as the van is quite short it is easy enough to park on the street if that is the only option. If you do have to park the Cargo van parallel to the curb the side loading doors makes it easy to load and unload all your possessions.
If you are moving out of or into

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.179787
Retrieved Text: Taking your driving test is a big and exciting step in becoming a regular driver on the road. If you practice a lot and are confident in your abilities, you will pass with flying colours. If you are feeling a little bit nervous about your test, don’t worry, a lot of testers feel the same. The main reason that people are not successful during their driving test is forgetting basic rules and techniques.
Before you head out for your driving exam, practice the following mistakes that people make during their test so you can avoid them yourself.
Parking, especially parallel parking, can be tricky to do when you have an administer watching your every move. A common mistake that people make is trying to park too fast in an attempt to prove that they have mastered the skill. Some people also rush because there are cars behind them and they don’t want to keep them waiting. No matter what situation you are in, never parallel park too quickly as you are more prone to make a mistake. When you are parking, take your time and breathe, this will calm your nerves and keep you focused on parking properly.
Another big mistake people make is not using their handbrake/emergency brake after parking successfully. You may not fail outright for forgetting this step, but you could lose valuable points, so always remember to use your emergency brake (and to take it off when you start driving again!).
During your driving exam, the administrator may ask you to change lanes every so often.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.951458
Retrieved Text: Before selling a pre-owned vehicle, we put it through an extensive 164 point safety inspection. Our factory trained technicians replaced the front brake pads and rotors, replaced the rear brake pads, installed new wiper blades, and changed the oil. We also replaced a burnt out fuse and even got you new floor mats! While we were taking care of your new ride, we also gave it a full interior and exterior detail.
COMAND navigation helps you get to and from every destination with as little stress as possible. The rear view camera shows you everything behind you, helping you effortlessly parallel park and maneuver around those tight parking areas. Blind Spot and Lane Keeping Assist alert you to things you might otherwise miss, helping you stay safe on every drive. Heated front seats and a heated steering wheel will help you stay warm and comfortable on any cold commute, with a panorama roof so you can enjoy the sunshine and fresh air when the weather eventually turns nice again. Bluetooth capability with steering wheel controls help you stay connected while you're on the road.
Comfortable with good handling and looks.
This car is like brand new.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.790472
Retrieved Text: Even though I parked well within the lines and did not obstruct any surrounding spaces.
It bugs me that someone touched my truck. Has something like that ever happened to anyvbody else? If so, did it bug you?
Its also very difficult to maneuver in that parking garage when its full, I had to reposition my truck 3 times to even get there.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.692417
Retrieved Text: Spatially-challenged drivers rejoice! As previously reported, Nissan has developed a new parking assist system that employs four ultra-wide high-resolution cameras mounted in the front, rear and both sides of the vehicle to provide a bird's eye view of the vehicle's surroundings. All those images are processed and displayed in real-time on a dash-mounted screen, giving drivers a 360-degree view of what they don't want to hit.
Shifting the car into reverse or drive will alternate between a view of the front or rear, while drivers will be able to toggle the left, front and right views when performing a particularly tricky parallel parking maneuver.
The first application of Nissan's "Around View Monitor" in the U.S. will be in the Infiniti EX35, but we'd expect it to become a hot commodity on some of Nissan and Infiniti's more bloated SUV offerings soon.
Nissan's full press release, including a video, is posted after the jump.
TOKYO (Oct. 12, 2007) – Nissan Motor Co., Ltd will introduce the world's first Around View Monitor, which offers the driver a bird's eye view of the vehicle and its surroundings in real-time. In Japan, the Around View Monitor will debut in the new Elgrand, scheduled for introduction at the end of this month. The technology will also be offered to the U.S. market on the all new Infiniti EX35 scheduled for launch this December.
The Around View Monitor system sythesises a bird's eye image of the vehicle and its surroundings from four ultrawide-angle (180-degree) high-resolution cameras mounted on the front, sides and rear of the vehicle. The

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.514097
Retrieved Text: ← What does this look like?
How…I mean…how did this…what the Hell just happened here?! How do you even GET a car in that position?
If you thought parallel parking was difficult, try perpendicular parking.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.344727
Retrieved Text: Morganton -It's a friendly competition where inches and instincts make a difference on the scorecard, as participants maneuver large machinery on the course. When the challenge ends,everyone's achampion.
One hundred workers with the North Carolina Department of Transportation took part in the Division 13 Roadeo in Burke County this week. Competitions include maneuvering golf balls with backhoes, navigating tractors and trucks through obstacle courses, and parallel parking challenges.
"Everyone's a winner for taking part and enriching their safety skills," said Jay Swain, NCDOT Division 13 Engineer. "This is a great opportunity to learn from each other, and focus on the most important part of what we do."
The Roadeo requires competitors to display safety skills used every day on their jobs. Motor grader operators skillfully navigate a course trying to knock over tennis balls, but not the posts they're perched on. "Some of the balls are 6 inches off the ground, others are ten," explained Burke County maintenance worker Dusty Keller. "You need those skills when you're machining a road and the ground isn't perfectly level."
Working in the mountains can bring its own unique challenges. "Many roads have narrow shoulders and tight turning spaces," said safety officer Walt Russell. "If you're driving a big piece of machinery, you have to be able to getit in place and park it with little room to maneuver.Good driving skills are at a premium."

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.309319
Retrieved Text: A software that often directs drivers on the areas that they can park is known as a parking guidance system. Moreover the system habitually has a traffic monitoring communication software in it. Utilizing a parking guidance system makes it less difficult for drivers to find the perfect parking spot. However before you go ahead and install the system it is best that you assess some elements.
Ensure that the parking guidance system you decide to make use of offers reliable information. With this the information being offered ought to be accurate. This is because it can be rather frustrating to find out that the parking spot you thought was empty has already been parked. Hence make sure that you can trust the system before you install it.
Probe on the service life the parking guidance system has to provide. This means it is wise that you use a parking guidance system that is durable. This is because it will help ensure that you do not incur any operating cost as the system is functioning well. Similarly utilizing a durable parking guidance system is an investment because you will not incur any cost trying to repair it.
Ensure that the parking guidance system you wish to make use is simple to operate. This will assist make certain that you feel satisfied from utilizing the parking guidance system. Making use of complicated parking guidance system can be annoying since it will be hard to maneuver through the software.
Moreover check on the service you will necessitate from utilizing the parking guidance system.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.114426
Retrieved Text: In anticipation of the significant winter storm that is predicted over the weekend, Lakewood residents are reminded that they need to move their cars off of the street during heavy snow so streets can be plowed.
On streets that are posted Emergency Snow Ban streets, whenever there is snow fall of four (4) inches or more within a twenty-four (24) hour period, the emergency snow ban takes effect. The snow ban restrictions on parking take effect without any requirement of an announcement by the City of Lakewood. In the event of a snow fall of four inches or more, parking is not permitted on streets posted as emergency snow ban streets. Motorists should always consult the posted signs, and be advised that in the event of a snow fall of four inches or more, the emergency snow parking bans will be enforced. Click here for a list of the Emergency Snow Ban streets.
Click here for a list of municipal parking lots that may be used during an Emergency Snow Parking Ban.
Residents and businesses are urged to do their part and clear the snow from their sidewalks. Large amounts of snow make it difficult for children trying to go to school, seniors and any pedestrian trying to maneuver the sidewalks covered with snow. Per City Ordinance 521.06 – Every property is required to remove and keep clear, snow and ice from all sidewalks, paths, and/or drives on all areas abutting the property. Landlords are responsible for making sure their properties get shoveled.
If you are looking for snow removal

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.057161
Retrieved Text: ​​The angle at which car park spaces are set should create the optimal amount of parking for the available space.
Setting the angle of parking spaces can be a complex exercise. Due to vehicle ‘tracking curves’, or the required space for manoeuvring in and out of angled spaces, the angle of the space affects both the required aisle width and the width and depth of the individual parking space.
The shallower the angle, the narrower the minimum aisle width and overall parking area width is required, however wider space is needed for adjacent spaces and therefore fewer cars can fit in a row.
aisle width and overall parking area width required then becomes much wider and still fewer cars can fit in a row.
Due to this relationship, adjusting parking angles will not significantly increase the number of achievable parking spaces in a single row. Rather, adjusting parking angles can be used to create a more efficient series of rows, within the area available.
Parallel parking spaces can allow for narrower aisle widths.
Parallel spaces are the shallowest option at approximately 2.5m in depth (B) but are also the longest option due to manoeuvring requirements at approximately 6m in length (A).
Vehicle manoeuvring into parallel parking spaces can be slow and can cause congestion if the road or aisle is not wide enough to allow other vehicles to pass.
​Perpendicular spaces can accommodate more than twice the number of cars along the same length of aisle as parallel spaces.
A useful guide for parking dimensions and angles can be found in the Transportation section of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.784908
Retrieved Text: This existing residence sits upon a hill in Balcones Hills with a breathtaking view to a nature preserve and city beyond. The front approach to the home lacks curb appeal and the parking area at the back of the house is difficult to maneuver for this British Cooper and Leyland collector. The clients came to us in hopes of reorganizing the interior and exterior spaces, updating the mid-century residence with a more contemporary kitchen and a public living that spills onto the cantilevered back deck overlooking the preserve.
A new garage and driveway will be inserted beneath the current deck to properly house the car collection. The design will provide a sequence of experiences from a quiet neighborhood to an open public deck out back. We are very excited about this project.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.46191
Retrieved Text: VehiCROSS.info Forums > VehiCROSS Topics > VX Talk... > Parking!
View Full Version : Parking!
I know I've seen quite a few cool parking spots the VX helped people get into (mainly on snow) lets see some of them!
That is some damn fine maneuvering! It's almost impossible to believe.
Impressive especially considering the visibility. Did you have a spotter?
Do you have a hitch? Looks like it is about an 1'' away.
looks like you just ran over the vw parked behind you:biggringr nice!!
No way. If you did this you should teach drivers ed in your spare time.
they have the cameras that bolt up to the license plate, try one of those... it was a lot of maneuvering haha.. not sure how many, i was intent on getting into that spot!
.. I managed to parallel park the VX in this spot without touching either of the other cars either!
You must have Bow and Stern thrusters!!
Did you leave before or after the other cars? How much space was there in front of the front car and how much space was there behind the rear car for them to maneuver? The pic makes me very nervous!!! I wouldn't have do it myself...too much chance of getting a mark on my bumpers.
its still there.... there car behind me is at the end of the street.. so thats why i got right up to it, the car in front of me had a couple feet in front.. it looked really well taken care of... and appeared to be there for awhile (had a club on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.438951
Retrieved Text: The goal is the design, development, and construction of an automated RC car in scale 1:10 to participate at the annual CaroloCup in Braunschweig, Germany. This project is in development by the student team "Team Galaxis" of RWTH Aachen.
The car has to follow a circuit which only contains crossings and parallel respectively perpendicular parking spaces. Beside staying within its lane, the car does not have to follow any traffic regulations. During the 2 minute drive, the car has to cover as much distance as possible and perform two parking maneuvers. Each mistake, i.e. leaving its lane or hitting an object during the parking maneuver, is penalized by loosing a certain amount of driven meters. In case car cannot continue on its own, one team member is allowed to intervene using a remote-control to steer it back onto the track. This will be indicated by a blue LED on top of the car and also results in a penalty.
In this discipline, the track contains additional elements and therefore more complex scenarios. Those elements are speed limits, static and dynamic obstacles, crosswalks with pedestrians, extended regulations at intersections (stop, give-way lines, right-of-way, required direction to cross), no-passing zones. Every regulation will be indicated by a corresponding traffic sign and a marking on the road surface. Again, penalties are assigned for every violation or intervention.
Additionally to the demonstration of the car, the team has to give a presentation about the concept and the development process. This discipline will be rated by a jury composed of people working in the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.199
Retrieved Text: Driving a truck is never easy, but can you imagine how hard it is to park a vehicle at night. You won't see nothing at all as you need to rely on your headlight. Parking a truck isn't easy at all as the body of a truck is big, making it harder for a driver to maneuver it on tight spots. And sometimes, we don't have the luxury of choosing the parking spot. You need to park your truck at an available parking spot or not park your truck at all. In Pickup Truck Night Parking you have to maneuver your truck to the parking spot in the middle of the night. it the gas, make tight turns, and stop in each spot as fast as possible. Try not to hit anything since it would damage your truck. The fun flash game has a limited time, so it advisable that you do act fast. Parking the truck on the parking spot successful would not end the level as you need to park it again to a different location and then go to the finish line to end the level. The online game gets harder and harder as you move from one level to another. Start with first level and try to finish all 10 intense levels and 20 insane parking spots the free online game has to offer. Have Fun!
To play the game use arrow keys to drive and space bar to brake the pickup truck and make it slide.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.040142
Retrieved Text: We will mail a hard copy card to you upon completion of the course. A card will be scan to your account immediately just in case you need proof immediately.
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) is a life saving procedure for providing oxygen and circulation to someone who has suffered a cardiac and respiratory arrest. The essentials of CPR (chest compression and mouth-to-mouth breathing) had been known for many, many years. But it was not until 1957 that CPR really came into being. Dr. Peter Safar, along with several other researchers and physicians, had been working and experimenting in an effort to combine chest compression and mouth-to-mouth breathing into an organized, effective resuscitation technique and in that year Dr Safar published the book The ABC of Resuscitation. CPR – in the basic form we know today – was now available. Many years later, a specific technique for assisting someone who is choking because of an obstructed airway was developed and this technique – the Heimlich Maneuver – is now included in CPR classes. As a medical professional, you will be required to take a CPR class and to learn the Heimlich Maneuver. You may also be instructed in the use of an automatic external defibrillator (AED). Learning how to perform CPR and the Heimlich Maneuver and how to use an AED is not difficult, you will have a lot of opportunity to practice CPR and the Heimlich Maneuver during the class: you will also be required to be re certified in these techniques every few years. But it is

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.002316
Retrieved Text: 2001 Buick Park Avenue - Beast.
The car does not require much maintenance. The engine runs perfectly, does not burn oil really at all. The air conditioning works well and the seat warmers do as well. The car is long so feels like driving a boat so difficult to park and backup on occasion at first. The leather seats are a luxury.
Picking up my wife at her work and her being embarrassed by being in the Granny Mobile.
The cars handling, the air conditioning, and the ease of maintenance are the things I love the most about the car.
The car is large and takes getting used to when backing up and parking. Parallel parking is usually too difficult to pursue. The car is not the fastest car on the market.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.983263
Retrieved Text: - moving out of a parallel parking space.
Note: when starting the vehicle, or after having successfully completed parallel parking using the system, the default manoeuvre proposed by the system is assistance in exiting a parallel parking space. In other cases, the default manoeuvre can be set from the multifunction screen.
As long as the vehicle speed is less than 20 mph (30 km/h), the system looks for available parking spaces on both sides of the vehicle.
Once the warning light  on the instrument panel goes off and a beep sounds, the manoeuvre has been suspended. To resume the manoeuvre, press and hold the system activation switch.
- The driver should always be ready for sudden incidents while driving: always ensure that there are no small, narrow moving obstacles (such as a child, animal, pushchair, bicycle, stone, post etc.) in the blind spot when manoeuvring.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.8602
Retrieved Text: In these difficult times for the U.S. motor industry, Ford is evidently hoping that it can win back customers with technology that could take some of the stress out of getting behind the wheel. The company’s new Active Park Assist system automatically maneuvers a vehicle into even the tightest parking space.
Parallel parking on a crowded city street is no easy task. Take it from me: the streets of Boston make the “friendly bumper bump” a common affair (and I admit, I’ve been a perpetrator as often as I’ve been a victim). To simplify the task, many newer vehicles are equipped with an optional electronic parking assist system–something that my 2002 Honda Civic unfortunately does not have. The two most common systems use an array of sensors on the bumper to trigger a beep when you get too close to an object, and video cameras that send pictures to a navigation screen in the dashboard. Some of the pictures even suggest a steering direction.
Ford’s Active Park Assist is similar to a Toyota feature called Intelligent Parking Assist that was first available on the 2007 Lexus LX, but in Toyota’s system, the driver still has to identify the exact parking spot using a navigation screen, as well as operate the brake.
Ford’s system will be available in mid-2009 as options on the 2010 Lincoln MKS sedan and new Lincoln MKT crossover, but the company says that by 2012, 90 percent of Ford, Lincoln, and Mercury models will be equipped with the technology.

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: The word "look" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A look of triumph.
Sentence 2: His look was fixed on her eyes.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.663523
Retrieved Text: When they were alone, he looked up at Ransom with his sightless eyes.
I looked down at him and did not close his sightless eyes.
To be sure, he carefully turned the man's face toward his and gazed into the open yet sightless eyes.
One photo showed part of an eyebrow and an open sightless eye.
Her sightless eyes were open again and seemed to be staring straight at him.
And it wasn't just the girl's wide, sightless brown eyes that spoke of death.
Indeed, at one moment it almost seemed if he were asleep, with sightless eyes wide open, and standing on his feet.
His sightless eyes had been fixed on Carter's face the whole time.
His men and mine turning their sightless eyes toward one another in an effort to understand what was going on.
He did not answer but turned his sightless eyes toward her.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.479923
Retrieved Text: She dabs her lips with Faithful Fawn. He hovers behind, runs his fingers through his graying hair, eyes fixed on his reflection. How do I look? Her mouth forms a perfect “O,” presses shut. Handsome. He points. When you move your mouth that way, you look like a fish. Her mind recedes to their rehearsal dinner. The baby photos her mother had blown up. Adorable, she’d said when she saw his. Your forehead’s so high, he’d responded. She drops her stained tissue in the toilet. Flushes. What’s that lip color? he asks. Fawn, she answers, and flashes her broad smile.
Jan Elman Stout writes short stories and flash. Upcoming work will appear in Pithead Chapel. Jan is Submissions Editor at SmokeLong Quarterly. Her Twitter: @janelmanstout.
Well done, succinct. Perfectly sets the move.
I love this. You perfectly captured a troubled marriage.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.420273
Retrieved Text: I’m planning a series of posts about my next book, ‘Moon Goddess’, and also sharing more of my writing, as and when I feel the stories are ready. This one, like most of my short stories, started as a writing exercise, inspired by my book of writing prompts, ‘A Writer's Book of Days’ by Judy Reeves.
When she looked up, Elise saw thick mist rolling towards her, its sudden appearance unnerving. Gradually eclipsing the sun, the wall of ashen grey crawled closer. Before she could fully grasp what was happening, it had completely enveloped her. She knew she was not alone; she knew there were people around her, yet she shivered, for it seemed as if the fog had leeched all sound from the world.
In the rolling silence, her voice sounded small. “Malcolm?” No answer. “John?” Hugging herself, her voice retreated into a whisper. “Anne?” Elise flung her arms out as if to push the fog away, half-expecting it to be a solid thing. But it was fog and it floated from her. Stumbling forward, she managed to catch herself.
“What is happening? Where are you? Anne! Where are you?” Her voice caught as a sob escaped her. Clasping her dirt-grimed hands together, she pressed them against her mouth. “Robert …” she said softly, wanting … needing her husband. His strength, his protection. But that was beyond her reach for he was dead. Killed in a war that had nothing to do with them, betrayed by his loyalty to a king whose only desire was to fight wars.
Crying

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.02087
Retrieved Text: @Jrs4 You are welcome. She actually looks a bit "tortie-ish" and if she has stripes on her tail, then there is some tabby in her too!
@Catzzzmeow thanks! I agree she has some tortie and tabby markings! Interesting!
@Jrs4 she has a little of many markings making her one bundle of love.
It has descriptions of most colors and is the standard for our sphynx kitties. Hope this helps as well.
Thanks for that, it's helping me, I was wondering about the color of my baby...he is just 12 weeks old it's difficult to determine the color he will turn-out to be (the color is not fixed until they are like 2 Years old, if I hear correctly), but he will be Chocolate, Blue eyes, brown nose and the skin is already more beige then pinkish.
@LineB He is gorgeous! To me his eyes look Aqua, which maybe could also make him a mink of some sort?
@John k don't know about colours but I do know Dorris is gorgeous! What a beauty!!
I'm thinking maybe a tortie? But just stunning!
Winston would be a seal point then right?
And Redmon just basic cream?
Hi, I hard to say because from what I have heard the color is not fixed before up to 2 years old. Mine is Mink-Tabby and was very pale when he was new born (except for the nose area that was darker a bit) and later by 2 months he got strips and his legs and arms and the color started to get darker, even is eyes are changing a bit (from

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.980946
Retrieved Text: The Icon of “Our Lady of Vladimir.
The icon of our Lady which is venerated in St Abraham’s is a detail of the Icon of Our Lady of Vladimir, one of the great Byzantine icons. According to legend it was painted in Constantinople and around 1130 brought to Kiev the capital of the East Slavic state of Rus. From there it was brought to the city of Vladimir from where it got its name. Finally it was brought to Moscow in 1395 where it remains today. The icon is one of the great treasures of the Russian people. During its long history it was often brought to distant parts of the country to be venerated by the people especially in times of war or famine. Inevitable these journey caused damage to the the icon and it had to be restored a number of times. However it is believed that these restorations have not changed the overall effect of the icon and the hands and faces remain the work of the original byzantine artist.
The icon of the Virgin of Vladamir has become one of the best know pictures of Jesus and Mary. Indeed this representation of Jesus and Mary has become so familiar that we run the risk of no longer seeing how truly wonderful it is, that it is a work of great beauty and spirituality.
Mary looks out of the icon, beyond the observer, at the world with a gaze of great compassion. Her concern is for the people of the world. She shares God’s love for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.980885
Retrieved Text: It was no good. The moonbeam was like a silver blade slicing through the room on to her face.
She reached out for her glasses that lay on the chair beside her bed. They had steel rims and very thick lenses, and she could hardly see a thing without them. She put them on, then she slipped out of bed and tip-toed over to the window.
She saw the Giant straighten up again and she saw him poke the trumpet in through the open upstairs window of the room where the Goochey children were sleeping. She saw the Giant take a deep breath and whoof, he blew through the trumpet.
No noise came out, but it was obvious to Sophie that whatever had been in the jar had now been blown through the trumpet into the Goochey children's bedroom.
As the Giant withdrew the trumpet from the window and bent down to pick up the suitcase he happened to turn his head and glance across the street.
In the moonlight, Sophie caught a glimpse of an enormous long pale wrinkly face with the most enormous ears. The nose was as sharp as a knife, and above the nose there were two bright flashing eyes, and the eyes were staring straight at Sophie. There was a fierce and devilish look about them.
For the second time that night her blood froze to ice and she wanted to scream, but no sound came out.
There at the window, with the curtains pushed aside, was the enormous long pale wrinkly face of the Giant Person, staring

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.9722
Retrieved Text: InuYasha, Feudal Brawl by CelticVizard, RED NiNjA, DevMasters, xnick2222x, Azure Doctor, ⚠WARNING⚠ with credit to SatoshiKura, my mentor.
This is a little edit from Devil Jin by DevMasters.
The suit is from T5 Devil Within Mode, when you play as Jin Kazama with Devil Jin outfit.
Hey people hope you all didnt miss me to much. A pretty nice character import, hope you all enjoy.
I all ways thought of him as the spy for the organization. Enjoy.
Ok Im done with Inyasha people he's good now.
This import took me foreveerrr to finish and be happy with the results. But him being one of my favorite characters I had to have him perfect. Hope you all like him.
I think I did ok with this import. I didnt even take long.... Enjoy people.
I'm still not done with him yet, could someone pm me on how to add reflection textures please. Also I need to know how to animate his eyes, but I worked hard on this hack. He has metal, its not perfect, I'm not sure why it doesnt come out perfect. He has all expressions from hurt to blinking and he has FS eyes with his arm cannon from Sonic Battle.
I gave him nine tailed fox eyes to symbolize my favorite fanfic "Kitsune in the Leaves"... Go ahead and give it a try people.
Edit: I'll credit Nano in v2 not this one, this one is all me. Plus I'm going to remove this when I release v2.
Yeah I plan on importing my favorite Organization 13 characters and Xaldin is one of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.838808
Retrieved Text: The loud noise hushed down the argument, and the sudden silence in the living room was deafening. Cassandra rolled down the stairs, soon to hit bottom. The sight was so chilling that the people in the room stared, not knowing how to react.
The frightful scene had robbed them of speech.
It all happened too fast. One moment she had been hidden upstairs, eavesdropping on their conversation, and in the blink of an eye, she was rolling down towards them. The stairs creaked as she hit the floor, and everyone stared at her with their mouths agape. Cassandra landed with a thump. Only when she stopped rolling and lay still on the floor did the pain hit her hard. She grimaced at the sharp sting that settled in her muscle and bones. How could she have been so careless? Right, she had been distracted by a pair of eyes. If she hadn't been in agony, she would have laughed at herself. The Tang family fixed their eyes on her, all too shocked to move.
Suddenly, footsteps echoed in the giant room as someone walked in her direction. Cassandra curled up in a ball and moaned in a small voice. Her entire body hurt. She cursed inwardly at the humiliation of it all, feeling everybody's stares on her. Sensing that someone was near her, she slowly opened her eyes and looked up, her eyes focusing on the familiar face of the man she had slept with.
Rufus, who was the first to react to Cassandra's fall, stood over her. He looked

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.807484
Retrieved Text: "with eyes set in a fixed glassy stare"
"his bearded face already has a set hollow look"
"a face rigid with pain"
"a fixed piece of wood"
incapable of being changed or moved or undone; e.g.
He received the fixed dole every month.
Fixed wages and lack of promotion act as a disincentive to employees.
He has a fixed pattern of behavior.
He's a person with no fixed abode.
In which of all these Orbes hath Man His fixed seat.
A fixt and uniform rent.
Every Hanse town was in its turn represented, according to a fixed cycle.
Colours which are dyed in this way become fixed.
To..disappear like the image on an improperly fixed photograph.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.45608
Retrieved Text: Dear readers: In dealing with parents who lose children, I’ve often wondered what kind of grief Mary and Joseph might have experienced. The following account is my own fictionalized version of how Mary might have felt in the weeks following the crucifixion.
From her dream, she still could see his haunting eyes.
It was the same vile dream she’d had for weeks. The people in her dream had tied her son to a pole and suspended him in the air as they taunted him.
She tried to answer, but her fear ripped her voice from her throat. She struggled. She trudged her way out of the darkness and fought toward consciousness. This must be a dream. It had to be a dream.
Suddenly, she leapt from her sleep, hyperventilating, her robe awash with sweat.
Joseph found her petite frame in the dark and lay his rough hand on her neck. He lifted his weary body and embraced her.
Joseph pulled Mary back into him. She buried her face deep into his sun-browned chest and began sobbing again.
Mary fixed him with a quizzical look.
“Learned something?” she asked gazing at Joseph as if the answers were somehow encoded into the crevices of his face.
“What Joseph? What could the Maker of the Universe have possibly ‘learned’ “?
“I think he learned the grief of letting a child go. He experienced for the first time what it was like to have the biggest piece of you die.
“You mean . . .?” Mary’s voice trailed.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.37973
Retrieved Text: The clock struck midday, and the pigeons resting on the clock tower took off with a clatter of wings. Dark clouds gathered, and the air was humid and suffocating.
Sweat dripped down her back, her dress clinging to her uncomfortably. Her breathing was labored, and the corset cinched around her waist wasn’t helping. Why she had to wear the blasted thing was beyond her, but her handmaid had insisted it was improper to go without. Something about tradition had prattled from her mouth, but Zelda hadn’t really been listening, her mind elsewhere.
Her head hurt from the air pressure, though she supposed it was also from the numerous meetings she had held since the wee hours of the morning. Decisions had to be made on what areas should be fixed first after Calamity Ganon had destroyed most of Hyrule. Now that he had been sealed away once again, the real work had begun. Hyrule Castle was probably the worst off at the moment, and her own chambers had yet to be cleared, much less fixed. Rubble and debris was still strewn across the cobblestone flooring, her canopy bed smashed to mere splinters. The books she had collected over the years had been flung every which way, and many were barely even legible after a hundred years of various weather patterns and poor conditions.
She sighed at the thought of her real chambers, slowly making her way back to the small guest room she was using instead, her knight quietly trailing behind her. He didn’t talk much; it seemed more

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.326157
Retrieved Text: Nina said, her eyes expressing delight.
Our eyes are capable of seeing only a narrow spectrum of light.
In that moment she was certain she saw something in his eyes - something akin to remorse.
His large eyes were bright and snappy.
Alex rolled his eyes and made a face.
He knew that these were the eyes of the wolf.
And he will find he is capable of adding far more value than as a set of eyes watching a screen.
Dark eyes studied her intently.
"As for my part," His eyes were like soft chocolate pools as he gazed into hers.
His jaw tightened and his eyes flashed a warning.
His troubled gaze came back to her face, pacing from her eyes to her lips.
Look at the kitten's intelligent eyes;" (here Eureka closed her eyes sleepily) "gaze at her smiling countenance!"
The caliph's eyes were filled with tears.
Then his eyes overflowed with tears, and he fell on his knees before the king.
He seems weak, and his eyes are dull.
His eyes closed and he was soon fast asleep.
And then her eyes grew large.
Tears were in his eyes; but he tried to look brave.
The two boys, Charlot and Blondel, with wondering eyes watched their father and mother undress the little stranger.
Now her eyes are troubling her a great deal, and we all think she ought to be relieved, for a while, of every care and responsibility.
Natasha looked at him, and by way of answer to his words her eyes widened and lit up.
Then she saw that the child's face was very pale and that he neither opened his

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.204584
Retrieved Text: 1. Not flexible or pliant; stiff: a rigid material. See Synonyms at stiff.
2. Not moving or flexing: rigid muscles.
3. Not changing or adjusting to different conditions or problems: a rigid thinker; a rigid hierarchy.
4. Scrupulously or severely maintained or performed; rigorous or harsh: rigid discipline.
5. Being an airship with a external frame made of rigid parts.
1. not bending; physically inflexible or stiff: a rigid piece of plastic.
2. unbending; rigorously strict; severe: rigid rules.
completely or excessively: the lecture bored him rigid.
1. stiff; unyielding; not pliant: a rigid strip of metal.
2. firmly fixed or set.
3. strict; severe: rigid rules.
4. exacting; rigorous: a rigid examination.
5. Mech. of or pertaining to a body in which the distance between any pair of points remains fixed under all forces.
6. (of an airship or dirigible) having a form maintained by a stiff, unyielding structure contained within the envelope.
Adj. 1. rigid - incapable of or resistant to bending; "a rigid strip of metal"; "a table made of rigid plastic"; "a palace guardsman stiff as a poker"; "stiff hair"; "a stiff neck"
5. rigid - fixed and unmoving; "with eyes set in a fixed glassy stare"; "his bearded face already has a set hollow look"- Connor Cruise O'Brien; "a face rigid with pain"
1. strict, set, fixed, exact, rigorous, stringent, austere, severe Hospital routines for nurses are very rigid.
2. inflexible, harsh, stern, adamant, uncompromising, unrelenting, unyielding, intransigent, unbending, invariable, unalterable, undeviating My father is very rigid in his thinking.
inelastic, inflexible, stiff, unbending, unyielding.
immutable, inalterable, inflexible, invariable, ironclad, unalterable, unchangeable.
adamant, adamantine, brassbound, die-hard, grim, implacable, incompliant, inexorable, inflexible,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.132944
Retrieved Text: Pierre well knew this large room divided by columns and an arch, its walls hung round with Persian carpets. The part of the room behind the columns, with a high silk-curtained mahogany bedstead on one side and on the other an immense case containing icons, was brightly illuminated with red light like a Russian church during evening service. Under the gleaming icons stood a long invalid chair, and in that chair on snowy-white smooth pillows, evidently freshly changed, Pierre saw- covered to the waist by a bright green quilt- the familiar, majestic figure of his father, Count Bezukhov, with that gray mane of hair above his broad forehead which reminded one of a lion, and the deep characteristically noble wrinkles of his handsome, ruddy face. He lay just under the icons; his large thick hands outside the quilt. Into the right hand, which was lying palm downwards, a wax taper had been thrust between forefinger and thumb, and an old servant, bending over from behind the chair, held it in position. By the chair stood the priests, their long hair falling over their magnificent glittering vestments, with lighted tapers in their hands, slowly and solemnly conducting the service. A little behind them stood the two younger princesses holding handkerchiefs to their eyes, and just in front of them their eldest sister, Catiche, with a vicious and determined look steadily fixed on the icons, as though declaring to all that she could not answer for herself should she glance round. Anna Mikhaylovna, with a meek, sorrowful, and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.025286
Retrieved Text: Taurus is the Fixed Earth sign in the Zodiac. With these “blocked and cubical formations”, the physical appearance of Taurus is among the easiest to detect. These traits can also be seen in the other fixed signs: LEO, SCORPIO and AQUARIUS.
Since the features of fixed signs are often cubical, most of the celebrities here display the bovine physical appearance of “the bull”. Note, the wide fixed brows, square jaw and heavy neck and shoulders of Taurus. Other common Taurus traits include the thick, curly hair and the easily recognized Bovine eyes. As we hear in the voice of performer Cher, the voices of most Tauruses often are rich and deep.
With Fixed Earth, these people are usually short on words and stubborn, but their keen senses (and golden voices) help us enjoy the delights of this world. As these earthy souls move at a leisurely pace, their fixed mannerisms shape the physical qualities in their body and facial expressions.
With The Rock (Dwayne Johnson), we see the broad shoulders and the powerful strength of fixed Earth. Dwayne and the legendary star Anthony Quinn show how the large pupils in the eyes drop on the outer edges, to display the expression of a contented bovine beast.
A Taurus Moon or Rising Sign or a strongly aspected Venus will also enhance these qualities.
This facial collage displays the fixed Earth qualities and the physical appearance of six celebrities who share a Taurus Sun. It also shows how different astrological components alter their disposition and personality.
In this herd of Taurians, George Clooney is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.002346
Retrieved Text: Atalanta yanked the pearl-encrusted comb down the length of the auburn hair that ended at her hips. Each tangle she met and each accidental scrape to her pointed ears brought a curse from her mouth. She tried to draw comfort from her surroundings. Sitting on a rock in the elf palace’s enormous orchard and brushing one’s hair was much more enjoyable than sitting at a vanity. The Arcamirian sun filtered through the treetops, filling the place with green light. Multiple varieties of stone fruits weighed down the limbs.
Atalanta gave the comb one more pass and then tossed it aside as a lost cause. She reached up with a hand and plucked a peach from the limb just above her head without having to stand up. She bit into the fruit, sending the juice running down her arm to stain her silver silks. She looked at the mess she’d made and shrugged. Her father had requested that she “untangle that wild horse’s mane” before she made her appearance in the High Court. He had said nothing about maintaining her dress.
She itched to go riding or perhaps challenge Malik to a bit of swordplay or archery. She was not so sure she liked coming of age. As a child, she had yearned to be bigger so she could fight great battles and rule her kingdom alongside her father. Her father had taught her to handle a sword, ride a horse, and use her magic. He had awakened the need for adrenaline, for excitement. He had encouraged it, and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.985136
Retrieved Text: As soon as Laila saw Shirley Adams breeze into the beauty parlour she was certain that Shirley would look out for Veronica who was off duty today. It was unusual for Shirley not to have fixed an appointment earlier with Veronica. Her dazzling smile, her bright eyes, clearly indicated she was in a celebratory mood.
“How come you are free at this time?” asked Najma, the in -charge of Miracle Beauty Parlour.
“Oh I have taken half day off from work. I need to get a lot done. Where is Veronica?
Shirley had barely noticed Laila: the girl looked so dull, in her drab dress and was so shy and self effacing. She wondered whether she should take the risk. She appraised her critically. The girl was young about twenty two, of average height, fair complexioned and even featured but her long straight hair was very severely tied in a tight bun; she could look pretty if she changed her hairstyle and dressed in brighter colours . Shirley was however impressed by her quiet dignity and air of competence.
“You are very lucky ma’am, to have so many events to celebrate." Laila murmured, a shadow crossing her face at Shirley’s gleaming smile.
“Yes.” Laila’s voice was low and subdued.
What she couldn’t tell anyone was that their marriage was one of convenience. Imroze had married her on the rebound and her parents had accepted the proposal simply because he was an engineer and a Green Card holder. An average looking girl like her with no dowry couldn’t have got a better match.
“More

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.967371
Retrieved Text: “Stray shot. Right?” I said before Toni had chance to speak. Wide eyes were her only reply. “It’s not safe here,” I said turning towards the cab.
“You can drive?” Toni said, her voice slow. I half expected a smile hanging from her face, but as I turned I saw her cold, blank expression. She knew I could drive. I’d driven to meet her so many times. I’d driven halfway across the country full of anticipation, my head bursting with excitement at what lay ahead. Days later I’d driven home, deflated, tears spent, body aching. After a week of heaven, the bubble would always burst and I’d promise myself never to open up again, never to think we could be any other way, never to daydream we could be together, could never build on the good times, ditch all the pain.
“You know I can drive,” I said turning away, climbing between the front seats as I peered through the windscreen. My eyes caught on the sea of movement, the car park dotted with people walking. But they weren’t people, not anymore. Their slow walk told me they weren’t making their own decisions, told me they were driven by their desire to fill the burning hunger.
I found the keys still in the ignition. I was so pleased to see them dangling, my mind didn’t even consider there was a good reason. Looking through the right wing mirror, my eyes caught on the side panel and the flared hole in the centre before falling to the mess of flesh

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.927706
Retrieved Text: The wind rumbling in the chimney made it difficult to hear what passed, but he could tell that the door was opened, that there was the tread of a man upon the creaking boards, and then a moment's silence--broken by a suppressed something which was not a shriek, or groan, or cry for help, and yet might have been either or all three; and the words 'My God!' uttered in a voice it chilled him to hear.
He rushed out upon the instant. There, at last, was that dreadful look--the very one he seemed to know so well and yet had never seen before--upon her face. There she stood, frozen to the ground, gazing with starting eyes, and livid cheeks, and every feature fixed and ghastly, upon the man he had encountered in the dark last night. His eyes met those of the locksmith. It was but a flash, an instant, a breath upon a polished glass, and he was gone.
The locksmith was upon him--had the skirts of his streaming garment almost in his grasp--when his arms were tightly clutched, and the widow flung herself upon the ground before him.
Beyond all measure astonished by the strange occurrences which had passed with so much violence and rapidity, the locksmith gazed upon the shuddering figure in the chair like one half stupefied, and would have gazed much longer, had not his tongue been loosened by compassion and humanity.
She was silent, but held to the chair as though to save herself from falling on the ground.
'You do well to say

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.905664
Retrieved Text: This little guy was hyperalert to his owner leaving him to enter the library – eyes on the door, head up, ears forward, watching and willing her to reappear. He waited quietly – no yapping or fussing, just a steady gaze fixed on the doorway. More Dogs In Waiting here.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.875542
Retrieved Text: Astrid rolled over in her sleep and opened her eyes to see Jarl sat against the wall of the room. He scowled as his mind wandered back to the scene by the jasmine and the red thistle.
Astrid nodded, but he could tell that she did not believe him.
“He did?” Astrid said, surprised.
Afraid that he would wake the others, Astrid gently whispered at him to be quiet, but Knud turned on her furiously and screamed at her that it was all her fault.
“I hate you! I hate you!” Knud screamed and lashed out at her. Even though his tiny hand was too weak to really hurt her, Astrid reacted as though she had been stabbed again. She gasped and shrank back against the wall, her knees against her chest and stared at him like a wounded animal. Even Jarl was too stunned to speak for a moment, but when he did his voice was filled with genuine anger.
Astrid stood up and left the room quickly. Her shoulders shook as she retreated.
“Astrid!” Jarl glared back at Knud.
“I’m not sorry!” Knud muttered, his eyes on the floor, unable to look Jarl in the eye.
“But I want to stay with you!” Knud wailed.
Knud began to cry, but when Jarl tried to hug him, he was pushed away angrily. Jarl stood in front of him quietly for a few moments and when he saw that Knud would not let him get near, he turned to leave the room. When he could not find Astrid in the tunnels outside, he made his

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.829351
Retrieved Text: I write science fiction, but I am also dabbling in other genres.
I have been writing since I was a pre-teen, but my writing really took off shortly after the passing of my mother. I have Tourette Syndrome and Cerebral Palsy. I am currently working on a science fiction series, partially inspired by the James Patterson master class.
Stooping down in front of Jadis, the woman looked at him with fervent golden eyes, offset by a slightly flattened nose. She tilted her head slightly to one side, “Last man standing…” she said, getting to her feet, “I believe those were your very words…Colonel,” she commented, running her tongue across her glassy fangs. “Pitiful sight, right here,” said the woman, tapping her chin with her index finger, “Tell me, Colonel—how does it feel knowing this slaughter was meant for you? Does it hurt?” Stooping down again, she leaned forward and licked the top of Jadis’ ear, “I’ve won, Liesel,” she whispered in a seductive tone, her breath scorching his ear.
Jadis shoved the woman back, wincing in pain, as his injuries burned, “I would risk the last man standing if it meant the complete annihilation of SHINRA and all the monsters in it!” he said hoarsely, his eyes hard and unreadable.
Eyes full of sly cunning, the woman grinned with satisfaction, “Your men died for nothing,” she said, seizing Jadis by the front of his jacket. She yanked the man forward, their faces mere inches apart. Caressing the side of Jadis’ face with her fingers, the woman’s nails blackened and lengthened

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.782938
Retrieved Text: When Jesus visited the sisters Mary and Martha, Mary sat at His feet while Martha got caught up in all the preparations that needed to be done.
However, at any moment, and especially in those stressful moments, it is still Jesus Who matters most.
Mary chose to sit in Jesus’ presence and to leave her troubles at His feet. All those tasks did not matter to her because she fixed her eyes on the Lord. When we take our focus away from our difficulties and gaze steadily upon our Savior, that is when we can do the impossible.
Psalm 46:10 also reminds us to “Be still and know that I am God.” According to these words, we must first be still in order to know God. That means putting aside all the tasks and distractions in our lives and simply sitting in His presence, just like Mary did.
Once we look to Jesus first, then everything else will fall into place.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.664196
Retrieved Text: Living in the presence of a living God is an amazing place to do life.
The more you become aware of his presence the more you see Him working in your life.
As for me…I actually get accused of “over spiritualizing” things …giving God credit for things that others think might just be coincidence.
And if I am wrong – yet give God the credit – what is there to lose???
If you are watching, you will see him show up – even in the everyday stuff of life.
And it is amazing when he does!
Like the other day with my 5 year old granddaughter, Addi.
She was here for a week from Alabama – along with my daughter and the whole family.
We have a community pool in our neighborhood…after all the work of shimmying-on our bathing suits – lathering up with sunscreen – and putting on the the little arm floaties…off we go.
In goes her 7 year old sister – her 4 year old cousin (who has been swimming practically since birth)…and all the rest of us…except little Addi.
Her Mama wanted to get her swimming sooner, but life…and few backyard pools up in northern Alabama…it just hasn’t happened.
I feel her trembling little body slammed up close to mine and a death grip on my forearms.
I try to assure her.
She just gets more frightened.
The Holy Spirit speaking into my spirit with the vision of Jesus inviting Peter out on the stormy sea. Inviting him to literally walk on water.
I knew in that moment exactly what to do.
Desperately her stare remained on the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.661648
Retrieved Text: Jesus prayed that we would be guarded and protected in order that we may be one as he and the Father were one. His beloved followers were kept, protected, and guarded throughout his ministry on earth, and after that they were kept and protected from heaven, with the same intent to make us one. We see this keeping power of Jesus ministry especially in his last hours. We and all our Brethren who read and experience these Gospel records are also blessed by the power of his guarding protection through his teachings and example. Here are some examples of this keeping power exercised with the intention of creating intimate unity between us as Brethren.
John 13:1-5 He guards and protects us by demonstrating the beautiful humility that delights to give and serve according to the need. “He loved them to the end.” John 13:1b He guarded and protected us by demonstrating a faithful love to the uttermost, a love that would do anything to fulfill the will of the Father for our blessing.
He knew who he was; He knew his cause to bless first his followers and then the whole human family, the purpose of the Father giving all things into his hands. John 13:4 John 12:32 Out of that conviction, and out of the love in his heart he gave according to the need.
I know who I am in Christ; his cause is my own. I will give according to the will of my Father.
O LORD, make us willing to go to any lengths, in awe

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.592596
Retrieved Text: I wonder if those were the thoughts of the lame beggar written about in Acts 3 that Peter and John met as they were going into the temple.
It was then that the lame beggar knew their encounter was destiny, fate, a divine appointment, God’s grand design, as though it was intentional.
It was not about alms and money.
It was the turning point of his life and Luke thought it important enough to record the interaction.
I love the phrase when it says that Peter along with John fixed his gaze upon him.
When Jesus would come into the life of someone and they would look into his eyes, what kindness people must have seen in his eyes, Nicodemus, the prostitute, the drunk, the murderer, the liar, even the religious of the day.
It would have been fascinating to witness how close Barabas and Jesus actually came to each other and to see if their eyes met. What Barabas must have felt.to know his life was spared by another, even though he was certainly guilty.
Interesting how a phrase of words spoken or read can stay with you possibly for life and can inspire your life forward.
To look into the eyes of Christ through another person. That is what people are looking for. That is what we should be doing, seeing the world through the eyes of Christ.
“Our eyes met” are three words that changed my life.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.500233
Retrieved Text: The sky in the west looked like the white of a bloodshot eye.
"You didn't get those bloodshot eyes from too much rest, either."
Pat would look at him with his little bloodshot eyes.
Those are two of the finest bloodshot eyes I have ever seen.
He had his bloodshot old eyes on the tens and under.
The King looked from one to the other with terror in his bloodshot eyes.
The bloodshot eyes looked down at it, without any expression.
"Did one of them order the bloodshot eye to which you have referred?"
Only the bloodshot eyes gave him away in his weakness.
His bloodshot eyes were fixed on the man with the gun.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.48589
Retrieved Text: If you liked Lady Helen and the Dark Days Club you might like these books.
London, 1812. Eighteen-year-old Lady Helen Wrexhall is on the eve of her debut presentation at the royal court of George III. Her life should revolve around gowns, dancing, and securing a suitable marriage. Instead, when one of her family's maids disappears, she is drawn into the shadows of Regency London.
Soon the two of them are investigating a terrifying conspiracy that threatens to plunge the newly Enlightened world back into darkness. But can Helen trust a man whose own life is built on lies? And does she have the strength to face the dangers of this hidden world and her family's legacy?
Set in the glittering social world of the Regency upper-crust, the Dark Days Club is a supernatural adventure that introduces New York Times best-selling author Alison Goodman's Lady Helen Wrexhall--another heroine whom, like Eona, readers can take to their hearts.
Helen pressed her fingertips hard against her mother's portrait. Her aunt was still engaged with Lady Gardwell. Could she risk showing it? "Millicent," she whispered, her heart beating hard. "Look." She opened her hand, giving a glimpse of the miniature tied to her fan, then snapped her fingers shut.
Her friend gasped. "I cannot believe you have brought that here." She studied Helen's face, a crease of concern between her brows. "I may not have your ability to read expressions, but I can see something has happened."
Helen gave a tiny shrug.
She tucked in her chin.
Millicent nodded her understanding. "Well, don't let him find out

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.468678
Retrieved Text: Gently swirling his feet in the cool pool water, Iker leant back on his hands slightly, enjoying the quiet which lingered around him. They had been back at his place for a little while, after things had started to wind down at Riley’s parents’ home in the early evening, they’d said their goodbyes before they made their way back, and with Riley upstairs packing for her flight back to Porto in the morning, Iker had opted to take a little time for himself, wanting to reflect on how well things had gone between him and Riley’s family that day.
He couldn’t deny that he had been apprehensive, a combination of him and Riley not really being clear on what it was that was happening between them and being worried about sticking his foot in his mouth in front of Riley’s parents had created knots in his stomach, but they had quickly eased, allowing him to relax into a day which had been more enjoyable than he had thought it would be.
Closing his eyes, he quirked a small smile to himself before the sound of the patio door opening and closing gently reached his ears, causing him to look up, a soft smile blooming across his features as his eyes landed on Riley. “Are you finally finished packing?” he quipped.
Riley, who’d moved to plop down into a lounger a little away from him, rolled her eyes. “I was gone for half an hour” she replied.
“I know” Iker noted as he shuffled back to his feet “But you only

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.456738
Retrieved Text: I said goodbye, but the police were already at my door. “Xiqiu Fu, you are under arrest for illegal religious activities,” they said as they barged in. And then: “Search everything!” My heart almost stopped. Heidi would have no place to hide the book. If the police found it, they would have a blueprint for the underground church, complete with names, phone numbers, and addresses.
Heidi’s arm hung casually beside her body. I couldn’t tell if she had the address book. We watched as officers dumped the contents of our desk drawers. They stuffed anything that looked important into a satchel—our wedding videos, photographs, bank statements, posters we’d gotten during the Tiananmen Square massacre—and I tried not to think of all of the memories they were stealing.
The address book was compact, almost small enough to be hidden by Heidi’s hand. Her eyes were hard as steel. She didn’t smile, she didn’t blink. The only motion she made was an ever-so-small rotation of her arm so I could see the edge of the book in her left hand.
I forced myself to look back down at the floor. How long would it take before they noticed she was holding something?
Within 15 minutes, every nook and cranny had been searched and every item of value had been stuffed into satchels. The apartment looked like it’d been hit by a tornado.
“We’re done here,” the head officer said. I breathed a sigh of relief and looked at Heidi, who just barely turned up one corner of her lip. I was overwhelmed with

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: The word "excite" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Excite the neurons.
Sentence 2: The fireworks which opened the festivities excited anyone present.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.38272
Retrieved Text: - Example: "The book stimulated her imagination"
- Example: "This play stimulates"
- Example: "stimulate my appetite"
- Example: "excite the audience"
- Example: "The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks"
- Example: "This movie usually arouses the male audience"
- Example: "These stories shook the community"
- Example: "the civil war shook the country"
- Example: "excite the atoms"
- Example: "excite the neurons"
Excite \Ex*cite"\, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Excited; p. pr. & vb.
an organism, or any of its parts.
magnetic field in; as, to excite a dynamo.
we spur on or urge forward to a specific act or end.
liberty, but hopes of plunder.
8: produce a magnetic field in; "excite the neurons"

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.835863
Retrieved Text: 2016 Independence Day Parade, Duck, NC.
The Outer Banks is gearing up for the 4th of July which falls on Tuesday this year. The usual suspects are on hand, but it we do have a bit of an extension of festivities this year.
For anyone up in Corolla, this is the 25th Anniversary of the Fireworks at the Whalehead Club so they should be pretty spectacular. Currituck County, who manages the Whalehead Club and the Heritage Park always turns the day into an all day celebration and this year is no exception beginning at noon.
That's just about perfect timing to catch the Town of Duck Parade first. If ever there was a perfect celebration of small town life and what it means to be an American with all its wonderful idiosyncrasies, this is it. The parade begins at 9:00, but get there early. Parking can be a challenge.
Of course the other way to go is to head down to Manteo and take in the all day festivities beginning at 3:00 in the afternoon. The 208th Army band will be on hand at Roanoke Island Festival Park for an 8:00 p.m. performance followed by fireworks.
There may be no better place to celebrate our nation’s birth than on the beach with the vast sea as a backdrop. Two chances this year—Nags Head on July 4th and Kill Devil Hills on Friday, July 5.
Historic Corolla Park, 12 to 9 p.m.
Scarborough Lane to Pamela Court, 9 a.m.
Fireworks, downtown waterfront, 9:30 p.m.
208th Army Band concert, Roanoke Island Festival Park, 8 p.m.
Nags Head Pier,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.785492
Retrieved Text: In the Animal Crossing series, Fireworks Shows are present in every game. During a Fireworks Show, fireworks can be seen flying into the sky in the background and exploding in different colors, lighting up the ground and the insides of homes (when the player is inside them). Also, there will never be any rain and the sky will always be clear. The Fireworks Show also has its own music. Tortimer, the Mayor, can usually be found in front of the Town Hall sometimes giving away Roman Candles or Sparklers during Firework Shows, while shedding some information on the festivities. He was replaced by Isabelle in Animal Crossing: New Leaf, who stands in the Event Plaza.
In Animal Crossing, fireworks can be seen in the river on the 4th July, which coincides with American Independence Day. They also appear during New Year's Eve, to celebrate the end of the year and the beginning of a new year.
In Animal Crossing: Wild World, the fireworks for Independence Day were removed, and a new event which happens every Saturday in August at 7:00pm takes its place called the Fireworks Show. During the Fireworks Show, Tortimer will be outside the Town Hall. The player can talk to him to receive either a Sparkler or a Roman Candle. Tortimer will usually only allow the player to receive two of each item a night, but if they pester him long enough, he might give out more. Both Sparklers and Roman Candles are equippable items. Once equipped, the player can use one of these items.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.514921
Retrieved Text: New Year’s Eve in Singapore is a massive celebration, with the biggest and most exciting festivities centred around the Marina Bay area.
With music, entertainment and of course… fireworks, New Year’s Eve in Singapore attracts over 300,000 people and is a celebration not to be missed!
You will be excited to see the spectacle that is planned with festivities that will extend from Marina Bay to the Civic District from around 5pm until 1am.
The Civic District will kick things off with the Countdown Market from 4pm – midnight where you can purchase food, arts and crafts and clothing before heading over to the waterfront for some entertainment. Catch a movie at Empress Lawn or Esplanade Park from 7:45pm as there will be massive inflatable screens where you can watch some great family movies.
There will be heaps of roving performers such as stilt-walkers, musicians, magicians and singers who will roam around to entertain people along the Marina Bay waterfront promenade between 7pm and 11pm.
Head down to the waterfront at midnight to get the best views of the fireworks displays as well as music, lights, lasers at the Float @ Marina Bay Sands. You will also be able to view stunning animation sequences on The Fullerton Hotel and an impressive midnight display.
If you head over to Clarke Quay, you can also view fireworks from here. There’s live music, heaps of street performers as well as plenty of restaurants, bars and clubs.
There are so many things to see and do on New Year’s Eve, so make sure to head to down

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.407253
Retrieved Text: The gates to Eleanor Tinsley Park opened just after 4pm and the festivities began soon after. Country music artists Billy Currington and Sara Evans will took the stage along with more than 30 other performances and then the night ended with a big bang -- a fireworks display.
For 20 minutes, color filled the sky.
"Beautiful weather. I'm actually having a breeze here underneath the tree," said Deandra Davis, who recently moved to Houston.
And whether it's their first time here at Freedom over Texas or an annual tradition, they find something new each time.
"Every year I'm here to celebrate the same beautiful fireworks, yes," Houstonian Pedro Rivas said.
There was music from every decade and genre on almost a half dozen stages that left them dancing and toe tapping along Allen Parkway.
"We're just having a good time right now. We thought it was going to be too hot, then we thought it was going to be rained out, but I'm excited," Houstonian Kanita Hilliars said.
And this fan is just here to see his dad play.
"What I like best is about the music and having fun and all the things that you have to do," Lawrence Turner said.
While the sun beat down when the gates opened, there was plenty of shade as the evening went on.
"The weather turned out good so it wasn't too bad," Houstonian Kaylee Janca said.
"It's convenient, especially if you live this close. We walked here, we live down the street," Houstonian Michael Haas said.
Many felt the evening wait was worth it, and they'll be back again.
"It's

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.542515
Retrieved Text: Brain cells communicate with each other through an electrochemical process. Every time you think, learn or communicate, a neuron (brain cell) in your brain sends a nerve impulse down its axon. The axon of one brain cell makes multiple thousands of connections with many thousand other brain cells. The point where one brain cell connects to another is called a synapse.
When the nerve impulse (electro-magnetic bio-chemical message) surges down the axon, it is fired across the synaptic gap via a chemical messenger called a neurotransmitter into the dendrite of the receiving brain cell. The nerve impulse then travels along the axon of this brain cell, across the synaptic gap to another brain cell and so on. When a neuron activates (“fires”) another in this way, it’s like a switch being turned on. Neurons fire like a line of falling dominoes. This activity is the process that creates the intricate pathway of thought, also called memory traces or neural pathways.
Neurons can either “excite” other neurons to make them function. Or they can “inhibit” other neurons so they don’t become active. Therefore, there are different types of neurotransmitters that either excite or inhibit other neurons. Neurotransmitters are found in the food we eat.
That is why it is important to eat the right types of brain foods in order to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of your mental process.
What happens when brain cells communicate?
Neurotransmitters are chemical messengers which transmit the nerve impulse across the synaptic gap.
The synaptic gap is the space between neurons. Nerve impulses are transmitted from one

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.446352
Retrieved Text: Thousands of faithful and dignitaries have attended the lighting of the giant Christmas tree outside the Church of the Nativity in the traditional birthplace of Jesus.
Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah and Father Francesco Patton, a top official with the Catholic Church in the Holy Land, were present at Saturday’s ceremony in the Palestinian biblical city of Bethlehem in the occupied West Bank.
A fireworks display and festivities accompanied the annual ceremony at the Manger Square in the run up to Christmas Eve, which attracts thousands of pilgrims and tourists from around the world.
Earlier Saturday, Father Patton greeted clergy and led a service at the Nativity Church.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.331203
Retrieved Text: It’s that time of year again. Better Life Church is inviting Metro Detroiters to its 4th annual fireworks show on Monday, July 3. All festivities will be on the grounds of Better Life Church, which is located at 19300 Stephens Rd, Eastpointe, MI 48021.
The festivities will begin at 7 pm and ends with the fireworks show at dusk. All Eastpointers and Metro Detroiters are welcome to attend. There will be games, fun and food for the entire family.
To register for this free event or for more information on Better Life Church, please visit www.BetterLife1.org.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.310581
Retrieved Text: July 3rd - While Addison isn't in Collin County, it's worth noting the date and giving you a link. Winning many awards, this is a show not to miss. The park opens at 4. The Air Show is at 7:15. At 8, the Dallas Wind Symphony performs. Fireworks are at 9:30 and hold on...live music follows it up at 10:15! With no work on Monday, stay out late!
June 25th - Every year, the Saturday before (in this case WAY before July 4th), Allen kicks off the 4th of July Celebrations with their family friendly play zone, food trucks, concerts and amazing fireworks show. The festivities will start at 4:00 with the fireworks ending the night at 10:00. Concerts go on throughout the day, but the Gin Blossoms will be there at 8:30 this year as the headlining band for Allen's 4th of July celebration.
July 4th - Freedom Fest has live music, exhibits, a Taste of Frisco, and many other fun family-friendly activities. The night ends with one of North Texas' largest fireworks displays following the FC Dallas Game (approximately 10pm). If in the area, go celebrate on the 4th with your family!
July 4th - McKinney TX kicks off the 4th with a parade and classic car, truck and cycle show in Historic Downtown McKinney. The parade is at 10am, while the car show is 1pm-5.
McKinney festivities resume at the McKinney Soccer Complex at Craig Ranch (7pm) with music, food, kids’ activities, a concert and a fireworks display (9:45). WRR will provide ‘Sounds of America’ on a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.173258
Retrieved Text: Photo courtesy of the Colonial Williamsburg website.
I love fireworks for any holiday, and I am incredibly excited how Colonial Williamsburg has packed an entire day with music, tradition, and fireworks in the unique way only this iconic American city can do. Join me in Colonial Williamsburg to enjoy the holiday festivities of Grand Illumination on Sunday, Dec. 3. After a morning of the town’s special activities and an afternoon of music, the events will conclude with “A Festival of Light and Thunder,” a free fireworks demonstration. Trust me, it’s going to be epic.
First, what is an illumination? In the 18th century, illuminations involved the firing of guns and lighting of fireworks. These guns and fireworks announced major events such as the birthday of a reigning sovereign, military victories, or the arrival of a new colonial governor.
Grand Illumination festivities begin at 4 p.m. when a town crier (of course Colonial Williamsburg begins the festivities with a town crier) officially opens the holiday season from the Courthouse steps. I’ve listed the highlights of the city's December 3rd events below. Visit colonialwilliamsburg.com for tickets and even more details.
On the Palace Green, enjoy holiday big-band sounds to salute the Colonial Williamsburg restoration era of the 1930s.
On Market Square, hear cherished songs of the holiday season performed by a cappella groups from the College of William & Mary.
On Duke of Gloucester Street between Colonial and Botetourt streets, an ox wagon serves as the stage for the Jubilee Performers, capturing the spirit of traditional African-American song.
A stage on the Capitol’s north lawn

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.164312
Retrieved Text: German police said Sunday seizure of 850 kilograms of fireworks and firecrackers at the home of a 23-year-old man before the New Year festivities.
The police were warned by a neighbor of the storage of a large quantity of pyrotechnic material. The security forces found the fireworks packed in the young man’s apartment, in a cellar and in two vans, a spokesman for the Hamburg police told the DPA news agency.
The pyrotechnic material contained about 80 kilograms of explosive substances, which is 80 times the authorized storage limit for an individual. Fireworks and rockets are central to Germany’s New Year festivities, with revelers lighting up a significant amount of fireworks from their balconies or gardens.
The budget devoted by the Germans to such articles was 137 million euros last year.
But January 1 is also marked by people injured or even killed by fireworks. On the occasion of New Year 2018, two people died, one child was injured and five people had to be amputated.
This year, several cases of injuries were reported even before the New Year: two people including a 14-year-old teenager lost their fingers to firecrackers and another 18 years old was hospitalized for serious burns.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.080294
Retrieved Text: Ice Cream Social, with children’s activities and music.Reading of the Declaration of Independence by 13 readers.
Agency 4th of July Celebration!
Join us for our annual 4th of July festivities. We will kick off the day with the parade at 10 AM, followed by activities throughout the day at the park and capped off with fireworks at the ballfield at dark! Check back for more info on specifics as we get closer.
Welcome, everyone! We're changing things up a bit this year with a new DATE and LOCATION, and we're pretty excited about it!
Join us on July 7th at the Greater Ottumwa Park for continued Fourth of July celebrations!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.059868
Retrieved Text: Photograph: Anthony Soave A fireworks display dazzles onlookers during Navy Pier’s annual Fourth of July celebration.
Navy Pier’s Halloween week of festivities has something for families, horror film fanatics and the Halloween obsessed to get excited about. From October 23 to 31, scary classics like The Shining and Psycho as well as seasonal faves like Beetlejuice and Hocus Pocus screen at the Skyline Stage. Plus, roving Addams Family–inspired characters roam throughout the event and kids can trick or treat at the pier each weekend. On Halloween, see Chicago’s ComedySportz perform, catch a spooky screening of Carrie or enter the costume contest before the firework finale.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.808788
Retrieved Text: v. t. 1. To call to activity in any way; to rouse to feeling; to kindle to passionate emotion; to stir up to combined or general activity; as, to excite a person, the spirits, the passions; to excite a mutiny or insurrection; to excite heat by friction.
2. (Physiol.) To call forth or increase the vital activity of an organism, or any of its parts.
3. (Elec.) To energize (an electro-magnet); to produce a magnetic field in; as, to excite a dynamo.
4. (Physics) To raise to a higher energy level; - used especially of atoms or molecules, or of electrons within atoms or molecules; as, absorption of a photon excites the cesium atom, which subsequently radiates the excess energy.
2. excite - act as a stimulant; "The book stimulated her imagination"; "This play stimulates"
3. excite - raise to a higher energy level; "excite the atoms"
4. excite - stir feelings in; "stimulate my appetite"; "excite the audience"; "stir emotions"
5. excite - cause to be agitated, excited, or roused; "The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks"
6. excite - stimulate sexually; "This movie usually arouses the male audience"
7. excite - stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of; "These stories shook the community"; "the civil war shook the country"
8. excite - produce a magnetic field in; "excite the neurons"

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.802149
Retrieved Text: You might want to consider some earplugs this holiday.
We told you about how to protect your children while you are enjoying fireworks festivities this Fourth of July holiday.
Also, here are some tips on how to enjoy fireworks safely.
But one thing -- or two things -- that can't be overlooked during dispensing safety tips for the holiday? Your ears.
-Maintain a healthy distance from fireworks.
-Avoid sounds at or above 85 decibels, which can cause hearing loss. Exploding fireworks can top 130 decibels.
ASHA also provides more information in their “Listen to Your Buds” campaign.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.735357
Retrieved Text: As Perth Amboy works toward a full recovery from the devastation of Superstorm Sandy, this year, Independence Day is the perfect time celebrate our spirit, strength and dedication. We are coming together to “Celebrate The Amboys” with the City of South Amboy in skyrocketing style on July 3rd at the 2014 Fireworks Spectacular & Independence Day Festival!
As done previously, our goal is to fund the festivities entirely with private donations. With your help, we will provide a day of fabulous fun, food and festivities with a world-class fireworks extravaganza by the renowned Garden State Fireworks Company!!!
Students, families and business are welcome to make this possible and we thank those who have already contributed to this event. On behalf of the City of Perth Amboy, THANK YOU!
PLEASE VISIT WWW.CELEBRATETHEAMBOYS.COM TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THIS YEAR’S FESTIVITIES AND TO GIVE TODAY!!!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.427124
Retrieved Text: BATON ROUGE- For almost five decades WBRZ has lit up the sky for Independence Day with our Fireworks on the Mississippi event. This year the USS Kidd is sponsoring the event. This morning News 2's Rebecca Buchanan was downtown at the Kidd finding the perfect spot to watch the celebration on Saturday.
The festivities will begin at 2 p.m. with live performances from local bands. The live music will continue well into the night until the fireworks begin. The event boasts the largest fireworks display in the entire state.
This year will also have some surprise guests. The contestants of the upcoming Miss USA pageant will be at the Independence show. They'll be watching the annual display from the USS Kidd.
City Pork in Baton Rouge will be hosting a hotdog eating contest for a few brave people at the celebration.
"Everyone should come out tomorrow," said one City Pork employee. "We're proud to be part of the festivities here. "
The hot dog contest is just one of the many entertaining activities that will be featured on Saturday.
Spectators will be able to catch the fireworks from either side of the Mississippi River. The explosive show will cap off what's guaranteed to be a full day of patriotic fun for the whole family. The fireworks will start at 9 p.m.
You can out more about the Fourth of July festivities by watching some of the videos above, or going to WBRZ's website.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.23511
Retrieved Text: We're all excited for the amazing fireworks displays across South Florida.
And every year, the innocent crack of fireworks is often mistaken for gunshots.
But there's technology to help sort through the noise, which the Riviera Beach Police Department is using right now.
July 4th festivities are underway at the Riviera Beach Marina and it's there where police will be out and about making sure people are having fun and being safe.
Back at the police station, there's an extra set of eyes and ears keeping track on things across the city.
"I have eyes pretty much in every area of that event," said Officer Ossel Harrison.
It's all thanks to their state of the art SKY1 technology. It features countless cameras and something called ShotSpotter.
"It allows us to get a geographic location for real gunshots," said Officer Harrison. "Especially this time of year -- 4th of July -- you're going to have a combination of fireworks and gunshots -- and the system is smart enough to tell one from the other."
This helps officers when they get inundated with calls on busy holiday nights like this week.
"It gives you more of a triage to handle an event like this because everybody from a street over is doing fireworks. And then you have those shooting their firearms," said Officer Harrison. "We're able to kind of narrow down where we need to dedicate ourselves for that, rather than running to every call. Because you're exhausting your support that you have on the road."
Shooting a gun into the sky in celebration is illegal and incredibly

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.207924
Retrieved Text: On Sunday, Pitmedden will be switching on its Christmas lights. It certainly sounds like a great afternoon out – fireworks, music, hot food and drinks and of course, the chance to see Santa! I have attached some information which was published in the Pitmedden News about what will be taking place.
The weather has certainly felt much more like winter this last week! Snow at the weekend and frosty mornings during the week. It is always a great excuse though to get the logs on the fire and keep warm!
Hopefully the weather will be nice on Sunday. If you are in the area then why not come along and see the lights being switched on and join in with the festivities.
This entry was posted in Out and About and tagged afternoon, christmas lights, festivities, fire, fireworks, hot drinks, logs, music, Pitmedden, Santa, warm, winter. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.1627
Retrieved Text: Fireworks explode over the Mississippi during a Fourth of July celebration in Downtown St. Louis. The day's festivities also included food, music, an air show and more.
Congratulations to Michael Melinger for capturing this photo of the week, which is also featured as the panorama in the September print issue of the Globe. The image depicts the fireworks display at the new Arch grounds on July 4, 2018.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.135517
Retrieved Text: A bevy of festivities marked Independence Day in Butte County and elsewhere, with parades, music and fireworks shows.
In Biggs, the annual Fourth of July Hometown Celebration included dozens of parade entries that were welcomed by hundreds of residents who lined B Street to get a view.
Early on, the parade’s grand marshal, Frank Mathauser, was escorted before the crowd in a blue 1966 Superformance Cobra.
Mathauser, it was said, has been the owner of the Pheasant Club in Biggs for 63 years and was honored for his service to the community of Biggs.
Following Mathauser were a variety of entries that included local businesses, community organizations and service agencies, in addition to a delegation of Biggs High School student-athletes.
Interested in adding local news to your email inbox? Sign up for our Morning Report here.
The ceremony was complete with a duo of monster tractors that rolled through town, forcing children and parents alike to crane their necks to get a full view.
Biggs’ celebration, which included a scheduled barbecue, live music and fireworks show, was not unlike events planned in Chico and Oroville.
In Chico the day started with a scheduled fun run and pancake breakfast at One-Mile Recreation Area, and fireworks capped the night over Silver Dollar Speedway at Silver Dollar Fairgrounds.
Fireworks also highlighted festivities in Oroville, with a show over the Thermalito North Forebay. This is the second year the show, which traditionally lights up the sky over Lake Oroville at the dam, has been put on at the Forebay as construction continues on the Oroville Dam spillway.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.122183
Retrieved Text: Many of our Republican candidates are walking in parades on the Fourth of July. It’s a fun way to celebrate our truly American holiday while supporting our political process. If you would like to join them in a parade, contact our office at (425) 990-0404.
Bellevue Family Fourth – Join the Eastside’s largest Independence Day celebration this year at Downtown Park in Bellevue with music, food, and fireworks, including a performance by the Bellevue Youth Symphony Orchestra! The event kicks off at 2:00pm.
Celebrate Kirkland – Come to downtown Kirkland to watch a parade that starts at noon, and then stick around for food, live music, and fireworks at night.
Burien Independence Day Parade – Head to Burien to see the 97th Burien Fourth of July parade! The parade begins at 3:00pm and is expected to last two hours.
Fireworks Over Des Moines – Make your way to Beach Park and Marina in Des Moines for games, live music, food, and fireworks. Festivities begin at noon.
Renton’s Fabulous 4th of July – Head to Gene Coulon Memorial Beach Park in Renton to celebrate the 4th with fun games, beach volleyball, a number of different bands, and fireworks. The volleyball tournament will begin at 9:00am and the rest of the fun activities will begin at 1:00pm.
Family 4th at the Fort – Come to Fort Dent Park in Tukwila for great food trucks, live music, fun games, and fireworks. The celebration begins at 4:00pm.
Fourth on the Plateau – Make your way to Commons Plaza at City Hall in Sammamish for live music, food,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.092688
Retrieved Text: It seems we're not alone in Western Colorado. Several Colorado towns have canceled their 4th of July Fireworks. Here's a list of communities where you will NOT be seeing fireworks this year.
Please note - just because fireworks have been canceled it does not necessarily imply all festivities and celebrations have been called off. Many communities are hosting parties in lieu of fireworks. Steamboat and Glenwood Springs are both going with laser shows. Aspen will present a drone light show.
According to The Denver Channel, the weather isn't necessarily to blame for the cancellations. Town of Breckenridge spokesperson Haley Littleton says, "It's just dry. Really dry, low humidity, high fire danger."
Could this represent a new trend when it comes to 4th of July celebrations? Let's face it, technology has changed drastically in the last few years. Laser light shows are common, and they don't explode or set things on fire. Is it possible these recent changes might signify a permanent change in the way we celebrate Independence Day?
Every year during our pilgrimage to Las Vegas, my friend and I stop off at the fireworks mega-outlet store between Las Vegas and Mesquite. I've never purchased fireworks in my life. My buddy, on the other hand, buys the mortar shell family pack. I've seen him drop $400 on supplies for his annual 4th of July neighborhood gala.
Times might just be changing. I'm not entirely sure I'm going to miss fireworks. My grandpa took me to the Fruita fireworks every year back in the 70's and 80's. This was long before

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.080814
Retrieved Text: Medication-assisted therapies for opioid addiction: Does research evidence translate into clinical practice?
Can the FDA use science and policy to change how people use nicotine and improve public health?
Excite Your Neurons at DIBS Discovery Day!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.960258
Retrieved Text: Brad Paisley, Lady Antebellum and Craig Campbell will provide the entertainment for Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular.
The 25-minute show, which attracts visitors from all over the world, will be scored by the West Point Band. The festivities will air live from New York City on NBC.
Meanwhile back in Nashville, Chris Young takes the stage on Lower Broadway for the Let Freedom Ring Music City fireworks display.
The NYC display fires off 300 shells per minute.
Each of the five barges in New York Harbor uses about 4.7 miles of wire to ignite the fireworks.
At the peak height, the fireworks reach three-times higher than the Statue of Liberty.
Nashville is no slouch when it comes to fireworks. More than 35,000 pounds of explosives and 150 miles of wire are used.
The highest Nashville burst reaches about 1000 feet. Same as NYC's.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.950077
Retrieved Text: Definition Neurotransmitters are chemicals located and released in the brain to allow an impulse from one nerve cell to pass to another nerve cell. There are approximately 50 neurotransmitters identified. There are billions of nerve cells located in the brain, which do not directly touch each other. Nerve cells communicate messages by secreting neurotransmitters. Neurotransmitters can excite or inhibit neurons (nerve cells). Some common neurotransmitters are acetylcholine, norepinephrine, dopamine, serotonin and gamma aminobutyric acid (GABA). Acetylcholine and norepinephrine are excitatory neurotransmitters while dopamine, serotonin, and GABA are inhibitory. Each neurotransmitter can directly or indirectly influence neurons in a specific portion of the brain, thereby affecting behavior.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.734247
Retrieved Text: Fireworks, a Christmas musical and a rock band enthralled Costa Rican families Wednesday night, as thousands of spectators filled more than two blocks around the Children’s Museum on the northern edge of downtown San José.
Families crammed in front of the castle-like façade of the museum, many parents hoisting smaller children on their shoulders. Streets vendors meandered through the crowd with Santa hats, lighted bracelets and balloons.
A rock band opened the festivities and gave way to a musical that focused on the true meaning of Christmas. Actors sang and danced on a stage in front of the museum’s entrance, using wires to pull some up and down the roof. A projector bathed the museum’s wall with changing images for the play’s scenes.
In the story, Mugrón, an insect-like villain, stole the presents and cake of the Children’s Museum’s mascots Museito and Museita. As the two lamented their ruined Christmas party with their friends, Costa Rican singer-songwriter Martín Valverde, playing himself, arrived with a lesson on Christmas spirit. Valverde said they must not hold on to hatred of Mugrón.
“If you want God to forgive you, first you must be able to forgive,” Valverde said.
At the play’s conclusion, Valverde persuaded the villain to give up his Grinch-esque plans to prevent lighting the castle, and the first fireworks launched behind him to joyous cheers from the crowd.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.684038
Retrieved Text: Bocaue, Bulacan (CNN Philippines) — The thousands who gathered in the Philippine Arena in Bulacan for New Year festivities witnessed Iglesia ni Cristo (INC) break three Guinness World records on Thursday (January 1).
Organizers claimed around 100,000 attended the festivities at the Philippine Arena in Bulacan to welcome the New Year. Aside from the revelry, the INC attempted to break the Guinness World Record of Norway for the largest fireworks display.
When the clock struck 12, participants lit up the sky with about 700,000 pieces of fireworks. The display lasted for almost an hour.
Hours before the fireworks show, other world records were attempted: the largest number of sparklers lit in relay and the largest number of sparklers lit simultaneously.
Before the program ended at 3:30 a.m. Friday, Guinness World Records officials confirmed the victory of INC in breaking the three records.
"We were able to announce the certificates for the three titles that were attempted tonight by the Iglesia ni Cristo: the longest line of sparklers lit in relay, the most sparklers lit simultaneously, and the largest fireworks display," said Christina Conlon, Guinness World Records official adjudicator.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.579123
Retrieved Text: If you are truly from Pittsburgh then you understand the deep passion every time you hear a sonic boom from a firework. You get excited and exclaim out a “woah” from every Pirate home run to Pyrofest. Every year there is one firework show that attracts thousands and stirs memories for years to come. The Flashes of Freedom Celebrate America is known for the fireworks but is a celebration of Independence Day that lasts all day long.
On July 4th EQT will bring the Flashes of Freedom Celebrate America to Point State Park beginning at noon when the Ft. Pitt Museum will raise the American Flag in a special ceremony at the Block House. Throughout the day after that there will be activities at the Kid Zone, food vendors and a military appreciation exhibit. The Kid Zone will feature crafts like a Lady Liberty Crown.
At 5:30PM the Ft. Pitt Museum will host a reading of the Declaration of Independence followed by a fly over from the United States Air Force at 6PM.
The day is also filled with musical performances with the Warriors Rock Concert with Gary Racan and the Studio E Band at 8PM. This performance combines live music with interviews from veterans that share a song that reminds them of home when they are deployed. The finale is God Bless America with a salute to all veterans.
All of the day’s festivities end with the annual Flashes of Freedom Fireworks at 9:35PM. As before, the fireworks will choreographed with music that streams throughout Point State Park. The

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.515644
Retrieved Text: Spring has arrived and with summer to come we welcome all the activities and events that go along with it. Unfortunately, one of the things that make our children smile with glee is the same thing that puts animals into flight mode around the world – leaving orphaned young, causing injury to others and sorrow in our hearts. Fireworks are actually of huge concern to animal welfare everywhere.
A dairy farmer in Maryland was forced to put down four of his cows in 2013 after they were injured in a stampede caused by a firework show in a nearby field.
If anyone remembers, it was all over the news, in 2011 in Arkansas, hundreds of birds fell dead to the ground during New Year’s eve festivities with researchers thinking fireworks were to cause for them to be flying and crashing into each other and objects due to fear.
Forbes magazine posted this in December 2017, reaching out to everyone whether on not this should continue and countries and municipalities around the world are reaching out to politicians to put an end to these.
Let’s also not forget all the injuries to people and possessions caused regularly by fireworks. In 2015, Brampton had a house fire that engulfed two neighbouring houses when they used fireworks in their backyard. Brampton does actually have a by-law that private homes can NOT use fireworks that travel more than 10ft from where they are ignited.
“Permitted Fireworks” are consumer fireworks that do not travel more than three (3) metres (10 feet) from the point of ignition,

================



