======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is sitting on a roof. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is using wrap to wrap a pair of skis.

Ending 2: is ripping level tiles off.

Ending 3: is holding a rubik's cube.

Ending 4: starts pulling up roofing on a roof.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.317543
Retrieved Text: Residents in St Austell have spoken out after they were stopped from entering their homes because a man climbed onto the roof of their tower block.
The incident started at around 1pm at Park House, which sparked a massive emergency response with police officers, fire crews and paramedics. A police cordon was also put in place.
The man was seen shouting and throwing objects from the roof during the standoff which lasted for more than five hours. The incident prompted police to instruct residents to stay away from their homes whilst the situation was made safe.
Negotiators spent the whole time trying to bring the man off of the roof. He finally came down at about 6pm.
Some locals said the situation was "unfair" and were concerned for the children who would witness the incident after leaving school for the day.
The man was alternately shouting throughout the day and going quiet, although his exact words could not be heard from the bottom of the 67-flat block, which is managed by Ocean Housing.
The housing association said in a statement that it was concerned for the man and working with the police but would not confirm the status of its tenants.
The man, in his 30s, was also often seen walking right on the edge of the roof and sometimes sitting with his legs dangling down. He had been heard shouting about wanting to see a community psychiatric nurse but not being able to get an appointment.
As the dark approached, residents of Park House went and took shelter in a neighbouring pub.
Landlady of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.891403
Retrieved Text: Parents try to help us feel better. They give us medicine and water, and sometimes they sit with us and read to us.
Sometimes grown-ups get sick, too. Our story from the Holy Bible is about a man who was very sick.
We don’t know the man’s name, but he couldn’t walk. He had friends, though, and one day they carried the sick man to a house where Jesus was teaching. When they arrived, they found it so crowded that no one else could get inside. There were many people waiting outside hoping to see Jesus.
The man’s friends didn’t give up because they wanted Jesus to heal the sick man. They found a stairway leading up to the roof of the house and carried the man up to the roof.
Now, imagine you are with Jesus inside the house. Jesus is teaching and people are sitting on the floor, or in chairs. People outside are leaning in windows to get a glimpse of Jesus. All of a sudden, dust and pieces of dried mud began to fall from overhead. Jesus stops talking and looks up as a hole appears in the roof. You can see the sky and clouds. Some men are standing on the roof. They pick up a man and ease him through the hole in the roof.
You look at Jesus. What will he say? What will he do?
Jesus said, “… your sins are forgiven you” (v. 5). Jesus went on to say, “I tell you, arise, take up your mat, and go to your house” (v.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.802523
Retrieved Text: A man climbs on his roof to escape a flash flood. As he’s sitting there watching the waters rise all around him, a boat comes by. The operator asks if he wants a ride. The man on the roof turns him down, saying he’s considering his options. A while later, a helicopter descends from the sky and throws him a rope. The man waves to the pilot but sends the rope back up empty. He’s just not ready to commit. The waters continue to rise, and the man drowns still wondering what he should do.
Sometimes the help you need is right in front of your face. All you have to do is take it. It’s the same after a serious car accident. You have the help you need right in front of you. All you have to do is give us a call.
If you’ve been injured, give our Nashville car accident attorneys a call today for a free consultation. There’s no cost or obligation, and if we don’t get you money, you don’t owe us anything. There’s no excuse for not getting the help you need after an accident. Call us today.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.475828
Retrieved Text: A neighbor said he heard an explosion and came outside to find the homeowner sitting out front. He allegedly told the neighbor not to call police.
A Milton man allegedly set his house on fire and sat to watch it burn.
Robert Lecroy, 33, has been charged with one count of second-degree arson for the Aug. 25 blaze. The responding Santa Rosa County Sheriff’s Office deputy noted that when he arrived on scene in the 8100 block of Tacos Lane in Milton the home was completely engulfed in flame.
The responding firefighter told police that when he arrived, flames were coming up out of the roof, and he saw a man, later identified as Lecroy, sitting near the fence line of the home.
A neighbor allegedly told investigators he heard a loud explosion and saw flames coming from the house, but when he went outside, he said he saw Lecroy who told him not to call police.
Lecroy was booked into the Santa Rosa County Jail on Aug. 25 and remains in custody on a $15,000 bond.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.310635
Retrieved Text: A Sioux Falls man was arrested early Wednesday after police say he broke into a downtown apartment.
A Sioux Falls man was arrested early Wednesday after police say he broke into a downtown apartment and stole a beer.
Donald Hallor, 47, was charged with first-degree burglary, petty theft and intentional damage to property, police spokesman Sam Clemens said.
Officers were called to the 200 block of South Phillips Avenue at around 3:24 a.m. after a report came in of a burglary in progress. Witnesses saw a man breaking a glass door and entering a home.
Hallor allegedly broke the glass door with an object and his fist before entering an apartment, Clemens said. Officers found a partially consumed beer sitting on the counter and determined it had been taken out of the refrigerator.
When police arrived, witnesses said they saw Hallor on the roof of the building, Clemens said. He then allegedly jumped from one roof to another before passing out. Police arrested him there, Clemens said.
Hallor was intoxicated with a PBT of 0.144 at the time of his arrest, Clemens said.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.866415
Retrieved Text: When Jesus entered Capernaum again, after some days, it was reported that he was at home, and so many people gathered about him that there was no longer room for them, not even at the door. While Jesus was preaching to them, four men came, carrying a man who was paralyzed and could not move. As they could not get near to Jesus on account of the crowd, they tore up the roof over his head. When they had made a hole, they let down the bed on which the man who could not move was lying. Seeing their faith, Jesus said to him, "Son, your sins are forgiven." But some of the scribes sitting there said to themselves, "Why should this man say such a thing? He is blaspheming! Who can forgive sins except God alone?"

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.286072
Retrieved Text: TWO police community support officers from Comet country have been presented with Royal Humane Society Awards.
Mark Crane from Stevenage and Rory Arnott from Hitchin were honoured for their acts of courage involving personal risk.
They were on foot patrol in Welwyn Garden City town centre last June when they saw a man sitting on the roof of the Howard Centre car park.
As Mark carefully approached, the man began to climb over the edge.
But he and Rory along with security guard Adrian Rutland managed to pull the man back onto the roof and restrain him.
The three of them received their awards at Plinston Hall in Letchworth GC last Thursday.
Police long service and good conduct awards for 22 years service went to Pc Denise Rayner who is with the Stevenage community team and Supt Adrian Walter who is based in Stevenage.
The police staff long service award for 20 years service went to Danielle Cox who lives in Stevenage and is based in Welwyn Garden City.
The presentation evening was hosted by Herts chief constable Frank Whiteley who said of those receiving awards: "They have all gone the extra mile for others and I am deeply grateful to them.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.282246
Retrieved Text: On June 17, a young, white male gunman opened fire inside a predominantly black Charleston church, killing at least nine people who gathered inside for a prayer group. The man identified as the shooter—21-year-old Dylann Storm Roof—was apprehended 14 hours later in North Carolina.
A Black Man with a long criminal record of drug possession with possible ties to terrorist organizations and/or street gangs killed 9 innocent people at a Church in Charleston. The 21-year-old was shot 114 times by Police while seated in the vehicle after he refused to show identification 14 hours later in North Carolina.
Well since he is not black we researched some facts about this Terrorist Murderous drug dealing white supremacist.
He was reportedly out on bond for the felony drug charge at the time of the shooting.
His license plate has three Confederate flags on it.
Seen posing in the woods wearing a jacket with flags from both apartheid-era South Africa and the former white supremacist state of Rhodesia.
He had a Message to the Blackmen at the Church.
Roof managed to elude capture for almost 14 hours following the shooting. He was finally apprehended around 11 a.m., 250 miles from Charleston.
Police initiated a traffic stop after a call about a suspicious vehicle.
Roof—who was armed—was taken into custody without major incident. Later he was seen wearing a bullet proof vest to protect him.
This entry was posted in Actual Facts, community, news, Racism. Bookmark the permalink.
The DC Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo was also arrested without incident and put in a bullet proof vest too. lol, shot 114 times,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.119516
Retrieved Text: IRA B. LISS BIG BAND JAZZ MACHINE/Tasty Tunes: You know you've got a winning big band date on your hands when your hand starts doing that pumping, count down thing automatically before you realize it. A long time big band fixture on the SoCal music scene, Liss has been at it so long I'm not sure if he can be called an heir to anybody anymore but he swings like he's his own man throughout. A most certain of a killer listening date, this is sitting down jazz that'll have you leaping out of your chair as he and his all star pals raise the roof beams high taking songs you know and making them sound like nothing you‘ve ever heard before.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.079718
Retrieved Text: Care to try your luck on a puzzle? See if you can put Gimli the Hamster back together again!
This guy was so pampered. He even had us peeling carrots so we could feed them to him while he was sitting in his hollowed out coconut home. Carlena would even sometimes offer up the water bottle so he didn’t have to move! When he was ready to move man did this guy burn the calories. He would run in his wheel for hours at a time. Although, sadly, I don’t think we have photos to prove it, this little guy would climb the bars of his cage, and go “hand over hand” along the roof until he got tired.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.029558
Retrieved Text: Dead End Run is a 2003 film directed by Japanese cult film director Sogo Ishii, notable for Ishii's trademark flashy visual style.
The first episode begins with an extended scene showing a man desperately running through an urban landscape, before coming to a dead end in a dark backstreet ally. When he hears approaching footsteps, he attacks his presumed pursuer with a metal bar. He is shocked to find that he has instead killed a young woman.
However, the woman comes back to life, and sings and dances with the man in the style of a musical film, telling him how they were fated to meet and how tragic it is that their love has to be so short. Once again she dies, and while the man grieves over her body, his pursuer appears and shoots him. The man's and woman's bodies lie next to each other on the tarmac.
The second episode also begins with a fleeing man who gets trapped in a dead end, where he becomes involved in a protracted Mexican stand-off with another man. The scene is intercut with a similar stand-off involving two different armed men in the same location. Both stand-offs end with the two protagonists laughing at their predicament and entering a friendly embrace, before trying to shoot the other man. All the men receive gunshot wounds and die, their bodies falling in positions similar to the couple in the first episode of the film.
The third episode starts with three police officers chasing a suspect. The suspect flees to the top of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.012575
Retrieved Text: Smiling Pretty Woman In a Blue Denim Dress Talks On The Phone In The Centre Of Busy Street.
Man is surprised. Man is being emotional looking at his smartphone. Man s facepalm. Man is putting his hand on his face.
Beautiful young woman smiling, using her smartphone at night. Lady in the street in cold weather. City lights, busy road at the background. Modern technology.
Handsome man happily walks, texts, uses his smartphone and goes away. Blurred city lights in the street. Modern technology.
happy smiling young beautiful woman in office clothes standing on the roof of high-rise building in the sunset looking at the camera, her long dark hair blowing wind. slow motion.
Wind Blows Long Dark Hair. Girl Standing On The Roof With His Head Down. .
Wind blows long dark hair. young beautiful girl standing on the roof at sunset with his head down. close up. Slow motion.
thoughtful young beautiful woman in office clothes standing on the roof of high-rise building in the sunset of her long dark hair blowing wind. slow motion.
The young man chooses subjects for barbecue or grill in a store standing in front of shelves. Young man preparing to rest.
Man Taking The Pot And Pouring Coffee In a Mug.
Hands of a man taking the pot and pouring coffee in a mug.
A View Of Coffee In a Coffee Pot Preparing On Fire.
A view of coffee in a coffee pot with a long handle preparing on fire.
Bride Is Sitting On a Chair And Drinking Coffee.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.869509
Retrieved Text: Levi I am Levi. I no longer collect taxes for the Romans. I’m poorer now, but happier with Jesus. We disciples have come with Him to the town of Capernaum by the Sea of Galilee. This is where Jesus stays most of the time now. He has healed many people here. They’ve heard He is back and are hurrying to the house. Oh, look! Four men are coming, carrying a paralytic on a mat.
Friend Look, so many have crowded around the door, there’s no room to enter. We can’t reach Jesus. Let’s climb up on the roof and make a hole above where Jesus is teaching.
They are climbing up on the roof! Now they are opening a hole in the roof. Look! They are lowering the mat with the paralytic lying on it. This act is an unspoken prayer of faith. It startles the people.
(Looking up, shielding your face from falling debris, shouting in anger) Why’s all that debris falling down on us? Hey you up there! You’re disturbing our meeting! Pull that guy back up and leave us alone!
Jesus is looking on the paralytic with compassion.
Son, your sins are forgiven.
This is infuriating our Jewish scribes who are sitting here watching with scholarly interest.
Scholar Why’s this man talking that way? Blasphemy! No man can forgive sins, only God.
Voice Why are you reasoning about these things in your hearts? Which is easier, to say to the paralytic, Your sins are forgiven’; or to say, ‘Get up, and pick up your mat and walk’?
Oh, any fool could simply

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.616158
Retrieved Text: Sometimes we all want to stay in bed and hide.
This is a story of a man confined to his bed, until his friends intervened.
And again He entered Capernaum after some days, and it was heard that He was in the house. 2 Immediately[a] many gathered together, so that there was no longer room to receive them, not even near the door. And He preached the word to them. 3 Then they came to Him, bringing a paralytic who was carried by four men. 4 And when they could not come near Him because of the crowd, they uncovered the roof where He was. So when they had broken through, they let down the bed on which the paralytic was lying.
Here’s my comments, in bold. It’s what I do.
3 Then they came to Him, bringing a paralytic who was carried by four men. There’s a paralyzed man who spent his days in bed. We don’t know from the text if this happened in adulthood, or if he spent his life like this, but we know that he was without hope. Four friends decided that today was his day, and they were beyond determined that he was going to be healed.
4 And when they could not come near Him because of the crowd, they uncovered the roof where He was. So when they had broken through, they let down the bed on which the paralytic was lying. These four men did not let circumstances stop them. They did not blame others. No one said, “The privileged people are

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.409115
Retrieved Text: The man and two others may have been practicing Parkour, an activity that involves jumping from roof to roof, according to police.
A 23-year-old man injured after falling from the roof of a three-story building in Cocoa Village was possibly practicing Parkour, a gymnastic-style activity that involves jumping and tumbling from rooftops, police reported.
The Rockledge man continues to recover after suffering a head injury in the fall late Saturday from the darkened rooftop, Cocoa police reported.
Cocoa Police spokeswoman Yvonne Martinez said reports of Parkour taking place in the area have come in over the years intermittently.
"I wouldn't say it's chronic," she said. "This is the first I've heard of it. And so the injury is bringing some new attention to it."
Officers responded to a call of a man falling from the roof around 10 p.m. Saturday. When they arrived at 100 Harrison St., a three-story building that houses Edward Jones Investment Agency, Thai Thai Sushi Bar and Studio 13 Tattoo at State Highway 515 in Cocoa Village, Christopher Hobgood was "face-down on the ground," police report.
Witnesses of the incident told police Hobgood and two other men may have been practicing Parkour prior to the fall, Martinez said.
"We've had similar complaints of this type of activity in the past," Martinez said. "As a result of this incident that happened Saturday with the injury, they're going to go ahead and re-engage and step up in that area, educate the business owners that it's happening and (for them) to do what they can do secure their property."
Allie Newell, owner of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.26545
Retrieved Text: Nobody suspected that quiet boy Dylann Roof was about to unleash hell.
It was Wednesday evening, 17 June 2015, and a bible-study group was gathering at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina.
The church’s congregation was known to be predominantly black, but tonight they were joined by a young, white man.
Just minutes after members of the congregation welcomed each other on the steps of the church with kisses and hugs, the man was filmed on CCTV walking calmly inside.
He was given a warm welcome, and invited to sit with everyone and take part in the prayers.
After sitting with the group for nearly an hour with his head hung low, Roof chose to strike, just as the group got ready for their final prayer.
He pulled out his Glock handgun and, before anyone had a chance to run, he opened fire. The peace in the church was shattered by the sound of round after round of bullets.
As his victims lay dying in pools of blood across the church floor, others dived for cover and hid under tables.
But Dylann Roof showed no mercy. He stalked the floor, pumping shot after shot through the tables at the terrified churchgoers underneath, determined to end as many innocent lives as possible.
As his victims lay dying, Roof stood insulting them.
Felicia Sanders survived the attack, and recalled lying on the floor with her terrified granddaughter.
‘Play dead, play dead,’ she told her.
The pair miraculously managed to get out alive – but nine others weren’t so lucky, including Felicia’s son Tywanza Sanders, 26, and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.187256
Retrieved Text: Rusty Buchan's - Page 11 - Rat Rods Rule / Undead Sleds - Hot Rods, Rat Rods, Beaters & Bikes... since 2007!
I plan on closing the roof in... We dont have that much nice weather here in newfoundland. We mostly get fog and mist rain. I did save the front roof section off the hearse but its smooth, Its hard to find a roof section thats short and has beads and a nice crown to it.
A big project with that body but it will make a killer rod.
thanks man i cant wait.
that looks really cool,car looks fast sitting still,lol,where are you from in newfoundland,i was born in st. johns,my dad was stationed there in the airforce when he met my mom,just curious.
So time to revive... I kind of lost interest in the project after I realized, I can’t really fit in it being 6’2” .... doh design flaw. Cool on paper. So it sat for a bit and life got in the way. Until I figured if I put the z out side the body I could gain more leg room. But I didn’t want to see the rear end. So I had to come up with a plan. I didn’t want another truck .

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.074373
Retrieved Text: Home Page >> Lawyer Interviews >> Texas Lawyer Inspects Peanut Corporation..
Simon went into the plants with a video crew and photographer and did a thorough inspection of both plants. "We found rat and rodent infestations and insects, including roaches," he says. "We found standing water next to and under finished products that were awaiting shipment. Leaks from the roof were leaking right on the production room floor, directly where the peanut products were sitting."
He says that at the Blakely plant, there were huge entry ports on the roof and the vents that a grown man could crawl through."The air ducts and vents are supposed to have grates over them but several of them did not have grates at all while others had grates that had corroded away," says Simon.
There were no employees in the plant—these plants were shut down at the beginning of this year. Simon and his crew were able to view the site with permission from PCA's bankruptcy trustee for use as evidence in his lawsuit. "This is the company's failure for creating an unsafe environment," says Simon. " It is management failure for not fixing it and it will be our failure if we don't hold them accountable and make sure it never happens again."
Ron Simon represents over 100 people affected by this outbreak including two families who have lost their loved ones.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.829823
Retrieved Text: Mark 1:40-45 - Introduction Preliminary Concern: Why bother with Bible study?
40 A man with leprosy came and knelt in front of Jesus, begging to be healed. "If you are willing, you can heal me and make me clean," he said.
41 Moved with compassion,﻿﻿ Jesus reached out and touched him. "I am willing," he said. "Be healed!" 42 Instantly the leprosy disappeared, and the man was healed. 43 Then Jesus sent him on his way with a stern warning: 44 "Don't tell anyone about this. Instead, go to the priest and let him examine you. Take along the offering required in the law of Moses for those who have been healed of leprosy.﻿﻿ This will be a public testimony that you have been cleansed."
Jesus risks personal defilement in order to bring healing to a social outcast.
??? As seen both in this incident and throughout his entire ministry, "[t]he sorrows of the people are [Jesus'] own sorrows. He dearly and intensely loves the burdened ones, and is eager to help them."134 What classes of people does our contemporary society consider untouchable? What can Jesus' example teach us about reaching out to them?
1 When Jesus returned to Capernaum several days later, the news spread quickly that he was back home. 2 Soon the house where he was staying was so packed with visitors that there was no more room, even outside the door. While he was preaching God's word to them, 3 four men arrived carrying a paralyzed man on a mat. 4 They couldn't bring him to Jesus

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.578894
Retrieved Text: Ian Dalgliesh | all galleries >> Galleries >> Lest we forget > West Mersea,The "Two sugars" cafe.
West Mersea,The "Two sugars" cafe.
Formerly,a WW2 heavy gun emplacement.Just to the left of the lamppost,central to the roof of the building,can be seen the spigot upon which the gun assembly would have sat.It never fired a shot in anger.On the only occasion the gun was actually fired,just to prove it was real,the whole village turned out to witness it.
In 2008 whilst sitting outside of Harlech Castle,in Snowdonia,I chatted to a man from West Mersea.I said,"Ah! yes,I know it well".He said,"Of course you do!",so I asked him when he visited the shore,did he buy his ices and coffees from the single or the double sugar lumps?"He quickly apologised,saying "You do know it,then!".

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.538912
Retrieved Text: Philando Castile died at Hennepin County Medical Center Wednesday night after being shot by police in Falcon Heights, MN. The 32-year-old St. Paul schools employee was riding in a car with his girlfriend and a child when the three were pulled over for a traffic stop. In a Facebook live-stream taken shortly after the incident, Lavish Reynolds says, "he's licensed to carry, he was trying to get out his ID out his wallet pocket. He let the officer know he had a firearm and he was reaching for his wallet and the officer just shot him in his arm." Castile later died at the hospital. Video in the aftermath of the incident was captured by a witness and posted to Twitter. The names of the officer and his backup have not been released. One officer is on paid administrative leave. St. Anthony police do not have body cameras, according to the department's office manager. Castile's family spoke with CNN on Thursday. "He's not an officer," said Clarence Castile, the victim's uncle. "He's just a man. An officer is supposed to protect and serve. That was a man who did that. That man is a destroyer and he came into our lives and done something and took something from us."
About 200 protestors gathered outside of the Governor's home Thursday morning calling for justice.
The public took to Twitter demanding answers.
Dylan Roof is sitting pretty and even having lawyers DEFEND his actions.#PhilandoCastille followed the "rules" and is dead.
I hope the NRA and my fellow 2nd Amendment defenders come to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.382792
Retrieved Text: Enter on Food Bank Logo. Outside shot of the Greater Cleveland Food Bank: "The Greater Cleveland Food Bank's facility opened for operation in 2005." Food Bank warehouse with tow motor moving boxes of food: "For the first time since our founding in 1979, the Food Bank's entire operation was housed under one roof." Image of map of Food Bank service area: "The Food Bank serves six counties in Northeast Ohio: Cuyahoga, Lake, Geauga, Ashtabula, Ashland, and Richland." Video of man reaching out of car window and receiving bag of food. He is smiling: "Our mission is to ensure that everyone in our communities has the nutritious food they need every day." Child eats his cereal and plays with a spoon: "Last year, the Greater Cleveland Food Bank made 57 million meals possible." Image of two young boys sitting, one eating an orange, another smiling with food at his place. Image of a mother and her daughter sitting at a table and smiling. Image of a woman in a pantry holding her turkey and smiling. Image of a couple standing in front of a yellow wall. video of a teacher handing bagged lunches to students in a line. Text, Learn more at www.GreaterClevelandFoodBank.org, CFC 86265: "Learn more about the Food Bank and our programs on our website, www.GreaterClevelandFoodBank.org." CFC Logo.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.373304
Retrieved Text: Description: A tour of Fiji and Samoa, The Cannibal Isles, in 1933. Map showing location of Samoa and Fiji Islands. Fiji village with thatched roof huts among palm trees. Men sitting cross legged in group on ground on straw mat bare chested with afro hairdos and wearing flower necklaces doing traditional Meki dance ceremony with their arms, clapping and beating log drums Men with afro hairdos doing fierce ceremonal dance in grass skirts with spears, large frond shaped shields, and flower necklaces. Pan across faces of young girls. Fijian policeman marches with rifle with bayonet over shoulder. Stands at attention in front of guard house and puts rifle on shoulder. CU man with rifle. Fijian military band in uniforms marches by playing traditional western instruments trombone, tuba, trumpet, drum, french horn. CU man playing clarinet LS large tropical colonial house where Robert Louis Stevenson spent final years and died. PAN across front of house with porte cochere and flagpole and shingled roof. Two bare chested Fijian men sit on memorial grave stone of Stevenson. CU inscription on tomb Samoan village with round thatched houses. Samoan men walk towards camera. Man sits next to wall of house. Young bare chested boy holds small pig. Man sitting on ground with tatoos on back and legs. LS through pillars of two rows of women sitting cross legged on ground doing Siva dance ceremony. PAN down dancers clapping and waving arms wearing flower wreaths and elaborate headdresses. CU princess daughter of the high chief. CU of high chief Malietoa Tanumafilli

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.367748
Retrieved Text: CHANDIGARH: A 24-year-old man died after falling from the second floor of a house in Hallomajra village on Wednesday when police reached there to check gambling Police said they had got information that some people were gambling in the house and Rohit Kumar fell from the roof in a bid to escape. Relatives filed a complaint against constables Ajay and Manjit and demanded murder FIR.Jyoti Kumar said Rohit was not playing, but only watching the game. Rohit, a native of Bihar, worked in a private company at Jammu and Kashmir and had come to the house of his uncle, Sikander, in Hallomajra to celebrate Diwali. He was sitting at a neighbour’s house, number 256, where others were playing cards around 2pm. People dialled 100 and rushed him to GMCH-32 in a private vehicle.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.339943
Retrieved Text: ABILENE, Texas - A West Texas sheriff's deputy has been fired after video showed him driving down a Texas highway with an inmate sitting on the roof.
The deputy had been transporting 31-year-old Martin Gregory Estrada when the man broke a patrol car window and climbed onto the vehicle's roof. The deputy summoned help and didn't stop until backup arrived.
A Taylor County Sheriff's Office spokesman says the deputy was terminated for violating office policies on inmate safety and security.
Officials say Estrada was being taken about 150 miles (241 kilometers) from a hospital facility in Wichita Falls to Abilene. Investigators say Estrada slipped out of his handcuffs at one point, shattered a back window in the patrol car and climbed on the roof.
Video of the July 18 incident was recorded by a motorist following the patrol car.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.323442
Retrieved Text: Posted in Outward on November 3, 2010 at 8:04 pm.
“You and what army?” Luke Aaronson crossed his arms and planted his feet in the doorway to the anechoic chamber.
Luke tried spreading his feet a little farther apart. He knew he wouldn’t be able to stop the two burly movers standing impatiently behind his coworker. Not so much because of being outnumbered three to one, or the difference in muscle mass — or really, just mass in general — between them. No, it was mostly because the door was far too wide to be blocked by one person. The movers could just walk around him if they really wanted to. He knew he wasn’t going to win.
Still, it was the principle of the thing.
“Twenty years, plus or minus,” Todd answered.
Luke hung his head. “Geemler,” he replied quietly.
Luke sighed. “All right. Fine.” He stepped out of the way.
The two movers entered the anechoic chamber. Inside there were two rolling carts. One carried a stack of computers and black boxes with wiring running out the front and back sides. On the other was a gray cube, tethered to the other equipment via several cables. It was clearly a research prototype, as marketing hadn’t been allowed to slap any sleek lines or corporate logos on it. Its only distinguishing feature was the odd texture it had, the way the light from the overhead lamps struck it and got confused which way it was supposed to reflect.
Luke and Todd had had a lot of practice figuring out how to confuse light

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.286055
Retrieved Text: A room in this 78-year-old resort hotel is haunted by the ghost of Michael, an Irish stonemason who worked on the hotel in 1885. The man fell from the roof and died in the second floor area which became Room 218. Now he plays tricks with the lights and TV, or pounds loudly from inside the thick walls in the room. But there are other spirits here. The ghost of a nurse dressed in white has been reported on the third floor. Another ghost here is a gentleman in Victorian clothing who haunts the lobby. He has been spotted at the bottom of the stairway and sitting at the lobby bar. Other apparitions have been sighted in Room 202 and Room 424. Built in the early 1800s, the resort hotel was used as a college in the 1920s and became a somewhat controversial hospital/health resort in the late 1930s. The confused ghost of Doctor Baker, the charlatan who ran the hospital in the 1930s, has been seen in the old Recreation Room and at the foot of the first floor stairway.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.224438
Retrieved Text: Went to see Woody Allen’s ‘Midnight In Paris’ the other day. It was an afternoon showing. Snuck into the cinema after the lights had gone down with a very large sandwich I’d just purchased. Was very hungry after a busy morning and realised I’d have to unwrap the sandwich real fast before the film started. The noise of the sandwich being unwrapped seemed to fill the entire cinema. Suspected that some of my fellow cinema goers wondered whether I was going to be the person with big packet of sweets in plastic bag. The plastic bag that sounded like thick rain on a tin roof every time she dipped her hand into it. Munched on my sandwich determinedly. Thankfully chomping did not make much noise and there was no-one sitting near me. I’d had the sort of dutiful somewhat complex week, with flurries of bureaucracy, that just makes you glad you are sitting down. Sitting down in a cinema. I haven’t been to a film on the big screen for quite a while. Sort of slumped there gratefully. And then the film started and I was transported to Paris. It was a fabulous, evocative film. Very much understood the main character’s sense of nostalgia for another era. Loved the humour and light touches. Fantastic acting. One of Woody Allen’s best. Didn’t even mind that I hadn’t bought a packet of Murray Mints beforehand. I savoured every moment of that film. And was very grateful I’d had a chance to eat my sandwich before it started.
Have only

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.184935
Retrieved Text: It was a warm spring day. It was sunny, but a storm was coming. The sky turned dark gray. Then a black funnel descended from the sky. The black funnel touched the ground. It was a tornado. A tornado is strong. A tornado picks up cars and trucks. They fly through the air like pieces of paper. The tornado siren blasted. It warned everyone in town to take cover. Everyone gathered their kids and pets. They went downstairs into their basements. A tornado can destroy a house, but the basement is safe. Sometimes a tornado hits a town without warning. A year ago, a man was sitting in his bathtub. He was enjoying his bath. He heard a loud sound. He thought a train was crashing into his house. But he did not live near the railroad tracks. It wasn’t a train. A tornado struck his house without warning. The tornado destroyed the man’s whole house. Suddenly he was taking his bath outside. The roof and walls of his house were gone. His wife came home. At first she cried because her house was gone. Then she laughed. Her husband looked so funny sitting in the tub. He couldn’t leave the tub because he had no clothes. He didn’t want his neighbors to see him without clothes. His wife had a towel in the trunk of her car. She gave him a towel, and he climbed out of the tub. They were both happy that he was alive.
Thanks , I've just been looking for information approximately

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.86017
Retrieved Text: Officers attended the incident at Norfolk Close.
A man was involved in a five-and-a-half hour stand off with police after climbing onto the roof of a house.
Officers spotted the man suspected of being wanted on recall to prison inside a house on Norfolk Close in Clayton-le-Moors after attending on an unrelated incident.
When they tried to arrest him he fled onto the roof.
Negotiators were called to the scene just after 6pm on Wednesday, February 26 to try to talk him down.
DS Jennifer Lennon, of Lancashire Police, said the man threw tiles at officers before eventually coming down from the roof at around 11.30pm.
She said: “They had gone to the address and were made aware of the man wanted for a recall and other outstanding offences.
A 26-year-old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested on suspicion of affray and criminal damage and robbery. He is currently being held in custody.

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A lady walks to a barbell. She bends down and grabs the pole. the lady... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: swings and lands in her arms.

Ending 2: pulls the barbell forward.

Ending 3: pulls a rope attached to the barbell.

Ending 4: stands and lifts the weight over her head.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.258354
Retrieved Text: Shristi sitting in her room cries thinking how can she harm Ragini. She reads Ragini’s letter that she cannot be with her to feed her food today and will return home soon as she is going to meet her parents. Ragini calls her and informs that she had gone to meet a psychiatrist and not her parents. She tells when she described all her symptoms to doctor, doctor told someone is controlling her mind, she is sure is it s a lady. Shristi says she is right as her mental state changes when she hears a sound. Ragini asks her not to eat only fruits as culprit may mix hypnotic medicine in her food and whenever she hears a sound, she should prick a pin to her skin so that her attention diverts towards pain.
Vishu. She sees Vishu sleeping on bed and pampers him remembering baba’s words. She prays god to protect her son. She walks out and sees Anurag sitting thinking something. Anurag sees him and she breaks down. He consoles her and says nothing will happen to Vishu.
Shristi cries asking Ragini to return as she is not so courageous like Ragini, she is very weak and needs her support. Rajjo in her room gets happy trying wedding jewelry. Next morning, Revathi suggests Vishu to do as she says and never get away alone. Vishu agrees.
Guests starts flowing in for Brij and Rajjo’s wedding. Vikral with family walks in. Vidhvan greets them and says good they came. He asks where is Ragini. Anurag says she

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.89936
Retrieved Text: the lady normally held court at the pole, but once a year – during the busiest time – she left her station for a night.
people thought she was just a figure, a counterpart. most thought her most important role was to make sure the man in red (partner in business, life, love) ate. (her best business venture had been when she hired the cook. she hated cooking and everyone agreed that her food was bland. she never understood how she had been tasked with that to begin with.) she was much better at keeping the books and overseeing the network of seers. and by the 20th, her work was mostly done.
so once a year, she left the pole, the work, the hectic scene, to embrace the dark.
it was always cold the night before the light ritual, and she always took the head reindeer. the past couple years it was blitz. after the herd had been destroyed by the vampire, she had a hard time coming to terms with the new crew, but she thought this year she could fully trust blitz.
the lady slipped through the heavy front doors, spilling a beam of yellow-gold light onto the white snow, and hurried down the stone steps to the outbuildings where she knew blitz was waiting.
her long leather skirts swished as she quickly opened the door to the herd’s housing, and blitz was there. they stepped into the night, where the lady rummaged in her pocket for the chocolate nut balls she shoved in there, pushing aside the peppermints

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.427956
Retrieved Text: Shute Barton is one of the most important non-fortified medieval manor houses in England.
Entered via an imposing gatehouse, the earliest part of the property dates back to 1380.
The Grey family, owners throughout the 15th and early 16th centuries, made considerable alterations and were busily extending their property when, in 1554, they embarked upon their ill-fated attempt to place Lady Jane Grey onto the throne of England and, as a consequence, fell from fabour.
Their properties were forfeit and the house was leased to the de la Pole family, who later purchased it outright.
It is still the home of their descendents, the Pole-Carew’s although it is actually run by the National Trust.
The house possesses a relaxed ambience, and although great changes have been made to the property, its ancient origins are still clearly visible, most notably in the Solar where two garderobes and exposed roof timbers can be seen.
The house’s entrance hall boasts the largest fireplace in England, which at 22-feet wide takes up the entire end wall of the room.
With such an impressive pedigree it would come as a great surprise if Shute Barton Manor House wasn’t haunted.
Fortunately at least one former resident has chosen to remain behind as a grey lady.
Others, however, maintain that she was a member of the de la Pole family who is thought to have lived at the property during the Civil War.
The de la Pole’s were staunch Royalists, and one day legend holds that a group of Parliamentarians ambushed this unfortunate lady as she walked through a grove near to the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.5994
Retrieved Text: From the bottom of Grange Road follow the footpath to the right of the entrance to the Lady of the Vale convent. This path leads down to Ashley Mill Bridge. Cross the bridge turning left up the cobble path and onto Ashley Mill Lane. Continue until the lane meets Ashley Road and turn right. As the road bends left follow the driveway to Ashley Hall, continuing past the Hall and on until the lane crosses the M56 and then re-joins Ashley Road at South Lodge. Ashley village is to the left but for the circular walk turn right and continue along the road to Birkin Farm. As the road bends left pick up the footpath across the fields and on reaching the motorway turn left through the woods to Ryecroft Bridge. Cross the bridge and head left through the woods. On reaching a gate turn right up to a second gate and then right on to Ryecroft Lane. Continue along the lane back to Ashley Mill Lane and left back to Ashley Mill Bridge. The footpath across the last field can be taken as a shortcut. Re-trace your steps up to Grange Road.
Alternatively, the Priory or Horse Bridge routes can be followed by turning almost immediately left across the field once reaching Ryecroft Lane.
From the cul de sac at the bottom of Grange Road follow the lane to the Lady of the Vale convent and take the signposted footpath between the Lodge House and the Green Bend Cottage. This path leads down to Ashley Mill Bridge.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.818443
Retrieved Text: Lady is a very pretty 3 year old dog who lives in my neighbourhood. She is a Kokoni - a small domestic breed known in Greece since antiquity (images of this breed of dog can be found on ancient pottery, friezes etc).
Lady was given to my neighbour a year or so ago and they have become inseparable.
Despite her small size, she is a tough, fearless little dog. She shares her home with 2 large dogs, and still seems to call the shots! She also plays chasing my (much bigger) dog around the field in our neighbourhood.
Most days, Lady goes for walks around the neighbourhood in central Larnaca. There are several patches of grassy wasteland where she has a run around off leash. Other, longer walks in Larnaca include the promenade at Palm Beach (Finikoudes) and the picnic area by the Salt Lake (Aliki) near the mosque of Hala Sultan Teke.
They also go to another area around the Salt Lake - Patticheio - which is closer to the town centre (see map). Here you can follow pathways through the woods and park land, down to the lake. Quite a few dog walkers can be found in this area at evenings and weekends. In the winter months look out for migratory flamingos on the lake.
For days out further afield, Lady and my neighbours sometimes visit the villages surrounding Larnaca, such as Mazotos. They collect the wild greens (χόρτα) that grow in the fields there, while Lady gets to run around and explore new areas. So, everyone gets to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.919224
Retrieved Text: At this point, it&apos;s safe to say that we, as a country, barely deserve Michelle Obama. Over the past eight years as first lady of the United States, she has personified grace and humility, stressed the importance of self-love, ensured black women that they matter and even found time to gift the world this Vine.
Now, less than three months before she&apos;s expected to leave the White House with her husband, she has gifted the world yet another necessary thing: A new cover of Vogue, her last as first lady.
And we&apos;re not crying, you&apos;re crying.
On the December Vogue issue, which will mark the third time the first lady has appeared on the glossy&apos;s cover, Obama is seen wearing a flowy, sleeveless white dress by Carolina Herrera while laying in the grass at (we&apos;re guessing) the White House.
In various other shots, Obama poses along the White House&apos;s exterior in red carpet-ready gowns from Versace and Herrera.
As noted by the Washington Post&apos;s Robin Givhan, the spread looks far more influenced by Obama&apos;s celebrity than politics.
"If there is any takeaway from the images by photographer Annie Leibovitz, it is that Obama is offering up a version of herself to the public that is separate and distinct from the role she has filled for nearly eight years," Givhan wrote. "The message is not brusque or without nostalgia and gratitude. But she is done. Finished. Free."
Indeed, compared to her two previous covers in March 2009 and April 2013, she looks more like a movie star than a first lady. And that&apos;s pretty

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.406511
Retrieved Text: Lady Olivia is a woman bereft – she’s lost the man she loved, her home of nearly forty years, and her title. Never one to back down from a fight, this time she walks away. There’s nothing left for her in London. She plans to live out the rest of her solitary life at a quaint little estate near Brighton.
Until the unthinkable happens and the man of her dreams walks through her front door.
The final resolution in The Reluctant Grooms series.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.185688
Retrieved Text: How did Lady come to All Dogs Matter?
The lovely Lady was abandoned and has been lovingly cared for by the ADM crew.
As her name suggests, this gorgeous girl is an absolute Lady! She is a sweet and friendly girl, who has been a big hit with the staff at the kennels where she is currently being cared for. She loves her strolls, and walks well on the lead. Lady is playful lass and such fun to be around. She can live with children aged 10 years and older.
Lady has been good with dogs when out, so could possibly live with a calm male dog and would prefer a home with direct access to a garden.
Lady is in need of a forever home, or a foster home to stay in until he finds one. If you think that Lady could be your new BFF, visit the All Dogs Matter website, or call them on 020 8341 3196.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.13302
Retrieved Text: I have documented below the strange events that transpired at the home of Lady Bertha Delecour, a well-to-do and aristocratic widow residing in an unspecified part of the English countryside during an equally unspecified time in history. This piece was dredged up from the annals of my early high school years, and it is likely the last remnant of a younger, funnier version of myself. Somewhere out in the universe is a video recording of this screenplay come to life, with yours truly acting out the titular role of Lady Delecour. Oh, if only you could have seen my wig. Anyway, let’s begin.
Narrator: Night one of The Mystery at Delecour Manor. Lady Bertha Delecour prepares to retire for the evening.
Scene One opens in the bedchamber of Lady Bertha Delecour at Delecour Manor. Ostentatious displays of wealth adorn the walls and furniture. Garbed in nightgown and gilded slippers, the aged Lady prepares for sleep. She proceeds in removing multiple items of jewelry from her person, placing them on a bedside table. A quiet knock can be heard at the door to the chamber.
Lady Delecour: Come in, come in! A slight lilt accents the Lady’s voice, but it carries well nevertheless.
The door opens and in steps Mrs. Pennykettle, the portly, middle-aged housekeeper of Delecour Manor. She carries a silver tray laden with tea, crumpets, and a folded newspaper.
Mrs. Pennykettle: Your evening tea, mistress. I also brought this morning’s post. You forgot to read it during brunch. She carefully lays the tray on the bedside table and hands the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.740982
Retrieved Text: First lady Melania Trump visited an orphanage and attended a children’s recital while she was in Nairobi, Kenya, during her first solo trip across Africa earlier this week.
According to The Forgotten International organization, the orphanage cares for about 80 children ranging from ages 2–17. A majority of the children at the institution have a parent who has been incarcerated and need foster care.
Children pray for U.S. First Lady Melania Trump as she visits the Nest children’s home orphanage, which primarily cares for children whose parents have been incarcerated, in Nairobi.
U.S. First lady Melania Trump walks with children as she visits the Nest Children’s Home Orphanage.
“Thank you for what you do and taking care of them,” Melania Trump told the staff while holding a baby girl who was handed to her, according to Time.
U.S. First lady Melania Trump at the Kenya National Theatre.
U.S. First lady Melania Trump and the First Lady of Kenya Margaret Kenyatta greet children.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.704308
Retrieved Text: Lady Grey is a gorgeous light fawn one-year-old female greyhound. Lady Grey was an owner surrender to GALT; the owner had her since her puppyhood, but could no longer care for her. Lady Grey is as beautiful on the inside as she is on the outside. She is very playful and affectionate. Lady Grey appears to be small animal tolerant.
Lady Grey is a very gentle lady. She is very sweet and beautiful - a bit on the smaller side as compared to other greyhounds. Lady Grey walks well on a leash, and she knows how to use the doggie door. She will eventually go into her crate after you give her treats. She whines a bit when she first goes in the crate, but soon settles and goes to sleep.
She loves treats and always eats her food. She plays very well with all my dogs, especially the puppy. She does have a tendency to get overly excited when she plays, and would benefit from a little training in that department. e.g. learning a little self control. There is still a lot of puppy in this girl! She does well with my small 7 lb dog too. She can play and play for hours.
However, she is just as content lying on the dog bed or couch sleeping so long as you are in her company. She has not had one single accident in the house or in her crate. She enjoys just hanging out. She rides well in the truck but tends to want to come to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.644836
Retrieved Text: this week i was pulling into my driveway, jammed on th breaks. the neighbor didn’t stop…she ran into me.i’m in a rental. i mitsubishi eclipse.
but thennnn….it was thanksgiving. my friend r. invited me over. all the food was so tasty. they even made vegetarian versions of some of the dishes.
i brought a salad and…these….
i made chocolate covered strawberries! it was really easy. you just melt chocolate. then you dip the berries in. sort of a lame dessert really, but people like ’em. it was verrrry easy.
oh…and r. said the dogs could come!
r. has 2 dogs, coco the poodle and emma the schnauzer.
the dogs don’t get to go to r.’s much, but they love it there, and they LOVE coco!
all in all, a wonderful thanksgiving day!
watching snl, sitting at my desk editing photos.
pickles gets tired, walks into her crate and lays down.
the cat comes up. she pats me on the leg. i let her jump up. she purrs then pops down.
she walks toward the crate.
the sniff each other through the open door.
spree walks in. pickles looks at her like she’s a space alien.
cat rubs against the dog a couple times then makes her way to the back of the crate. lays down.
dog looks confused…then lays back down.
lady good bear’s “who’s hot who’s not” list!
while everyone knows cody bear is my number one guy, my main squeeze, the man of the house, i do want to let you all know lady goodbear’s top five list of hot guy jobs.
disclaimer: please don’t be hurt if your profession is not

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.426521
Retrieved Text: I'm finally getting down to my third post thanks to a promise to the talented Ivan Yak who designed this site.
I previously did an internship with the talented Dawn Ngand one of the things I was tasked to do was to sit on the train. From one end to the other on the green line as well as the red line. So for a few days, I'd take the cabin in the middle and travel from Joo Koon to Pasir Ris, and back. Jurong East to Marina Bay, and back. My task was to observe. To listen to the chatter around me and notice the behaviour of people on the train.
And from these journeys I picked out ten group of people I found particularly interesting and here are ten haikus inspired by them. Attached to each haiku are the notes I took of them on the train.
Indian Lady with heft, carries herself with confidence. Colourful ‘rainbow’ shirt with brightly painted nails. She has tattoos on both forearm, one bears a name with heartshapes around it while the other are lines of text. She’s the loudest person in the train for a long period, must have spoken for at least 30 minutes. She is very expressive and her face smiles a lot as she talks almost as if she’s looking at her partner. She also fidgets a lot, often touching her rings and cracking her knuckles as she talks (she’s on the headset so she has freedom of movement) The more emotional she seems the louder she

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.252834
Retrieved Text: Loving lady bends and spreads before dipping into a warm bath.
Category: 3D Cartoon. Tags: Cartoon, Lady.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.059856
Retrieved Text: Lady Gaga was struck in the head with a pole in the middle of her set in Auckland but went on to play another 16 songs despite the concussion she suffered.
The show must go on — even if Lady Gaga gets a concussion.
Gaga was whacked on the head with a pole mid-set at a concert in New Zealand but went on to perform another 16 songs, The Associated Press reported.
"I want to apologize," she told the crowd after the mishap at her third show in Auckland. "I did hit my head and I think I may have a concussion but don’t you worry I will finish this show."
Video footage of the concert showed a backup dancer accidentally hitting her hard with the set prop while removing it from the center of the stage. Gaga staggered forward and rubbed her head before briefly leaving the stage and returning.
"Gaga has a concussion but she is going to be okay.She wants u to know she loves u. I'm taking care of her.cant believe she finished the show," the singer's make-up artist Tara Savelo tweeted.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.900948
Retrieved Text: Spontaneously, Sujeiry walks into MagRag where everything must go! And she tries on a dress that really should only be worn by a lady clown.
Sans baby, Sujeiry takes a trip to the chiropractor cause her back has been killin’ her thanks to a memory foam mattress. Word to the wise: don’t get one of those!
Then, Sujeiry hunts for an quick last-minute outfit for the #WeAllGrow Latina conference in Long Beach, CA. Spontaneously, she walks into MagRag where everything must go! And she tries on a dress that really should only be worn by a lady clown.
Or should it? You tell us! Watch the video and tell us if you think Sujeiry should rock this very interesting dress. And don’t forget to subscribe to Sujeiry on YouTube.
Can People in Relationships Change?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.768585
Retrieved Text: Lara Trump stepped out looking flawless just one week after giving birth.
The new mother accompanied husband Eric to watch President Trump give a speech in front of the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday morning. Lara and Eric also took the opportunity to introduce their baby boy and President Trump's 9th grandchild, Luke, to his aunt and uncle Ivanka and Jared.
For the outing at the United Nations, Lara dazzled in a Rebecca Taylor fit and flare dress, which perfectly showed off her toned legs. The 34-year-old kept her highlighted brunette tresses in a wavy hairstyle and her makeup simple. She took a style cue from first lady Melania Trump, who looked gorgeous in a Calvin Klein suit at the same event, opting for a pair of pointy stilettos to polish off her look.
Earlier today, brunette beauty also posted two photos -- one with Ivanka and Jared and another paying tribute to the past seven days she has spent with her newborn.
"Happy one week on earth, Luke! We love you so much! 🤗💛🌎 #JustDiscoveredHisHands 😜," Lara captioned the snap.
It's hard to believe that Lara just gave birth with how fit she looks in the photo, but fitness was a huge part of her pregnancy and she was still working out even after her due date.
Just minutes later, she also posted a photo with her baby boy alongside her husband, Jared and Ivanka.
"Luke was so excited to meet Aunt Ivanka & Uncle Jared! ☺️," she captioned the adorable photograph of the group.
Lara and Eric welcomed their first child,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.726727
Retrieved Text: Lady, the 4-year-old Yorkshire Terrier, is a part-time greeter as AustinCina Architects. She can occasionally be found offering enthusiastic greetings to clients, consultants, and fellow employees. While not working, Lady enjoys long walks on the beach, playing fetch, and cuddling with her humans.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.653694
Retrieved Text: East Coast Swing DVDs & videos - ballroom dance instruction!
If you are looking for West Coast instruction instead, please be sure to check out our other great swing DVDs and videos.
This DVD, which uses the easy, "follow the leader" teaching method, is fully suitable for the complete beginner. It contains many "follow along" practice sessions. East Coast Swing, also known as Jitterbug or triple timing swing, is the most popular type of swing. East Coast Swing is a great first dance to learn and the six-count patterns of East Coast Swing can serve as a foundation for "Lindy Hop" swing, which uses eight-count patterns in addition to six-count patterns. Though suitable for the beginner, this DVD goes on to show many, many intermediate and advanced patterns that are great for social dancing, like really cool pretzel and tunnel patterns. Unlike many competing East Coast Swing DVDs and videos out there, ours is an exceptional value at 90 information-packed minutes.
The basic step broken down and shown in detail.
Starter step in promenade position.
Release to open (throw out) and movement from open back to closed.
Lady's inside reverse turn (Lady's turn to left).
Man's underarm turn to left and man's turn to left dropping hand at waist and then picking back up.
Tuck turn exit from closed position.
"She goes/he goes." She turns to the left on the first triple step, he turns to the left on the second triple step.
American spin shown with three different leads: 1) hand to hand lead, 2) waist catch lead, 3) catch on the shoulders lead.
Turnstile (flip

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.634966
Retrieved Text: I’m taken aback. What? What do you mean no? You crazy lady.
All this runs through my mind as I stare at the little old lady shaking her head ferociously. I was sitting in a little Italian restaurant 10pm with my professor, trying to get some food before I fell flat on my bed into blissful sleep. I had just landed in Rome, Italy and made my way to the adorable hotel where my class was staying and wanted to get some food before I passed out. My teacher was kind enough to walk with me (so I wouldn’t get kidnapped) but the crazy lady at the restaurant wouldn’t let him sit at the table without ordering something.
That was not the only weird thing either. When we first walked in the guests stared at us, up and down, up and down, no shame. Our waitress? No English. In fact no one I had meant seemed to know any English at all. I quickly picked up the phrase “mi dispache” to apologize for every time I did something wrong.
Just like that night. Dr. Morvant finally ordered cheese and we were good to go. I looked at him like her was crazy when his food finally came out and I realized it actually was cheese… A giant block with honey poured over it! (It was actually delicious!) I also got a spicy pasta that was possibly the best thing I had ever tasted in my life!
Finally I try to pay. Yes I do say try because the lady never

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.59171
Retrieved Text: Lady Gaga put Justin Bieber to shame this weekend ... barfing MULTIPLE TIMES on stage during a concert in Spain .... WITHOUT MISSING A STEP!!!!
Gaga was in the middle of her hit "Edge of Glory," when she bends over with her back to the stage and starts blowin' chunks ... and then immediately pulls herself together and starts dancing again!
Seconds later, she bends over again and pukes again ... and then a 3rd time ... before stepping right back into her routine like nothing happened.
After the show, Gaga tweeted about the vomit-athon ... even posting a link to the clip with the line, "Was praying nobody saw but actually its quite a good laugh if u need one!"
Pa pa pa puker face.
7:25 AM PT -- Sources close to Gaga tell TMZ ... Gaga had been suffering from the flu before the show ... but didn't want to cancel the show ... 'cause she's a badass.
We're told Gaga has since recovered from the illness and is now doing fine.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.507122
Retrieved Text: Turn left : From the intersection, the walk follows the ‘Lady Bay Beach’ sign down the steps as they wind to the sandy beach below.
420m of this walk has gentle hills with occasional steps and another 55m is flat with no steps. The remaining (25m) has short steep hills.
Around 440m of this walk follows a smooth and hardened path, whilst the remaining 55m follows a clear and well formed track or trail.
A list of walks that share part of the track with the Lady Bay Beach walk.
A list of walks that start near the Lady Bay Beach walk.
http://new.wildwalks.com/wildwalks_custom/includes/walk_fire_danger.php?walkid=nsw-shnp-lbb Each park may have its own fire ban, this rating is only valid for today and is based on information from the RFS Please check the RFS Website for more information.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.488083
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON - US First Lady Melania Trump avoided holding her husband President Donald Trump’s hand once again.
The awkward encounter occurred as the Trumps welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte, to the White House on Tuesday for Trump administration's first state visit.
While posing for photos, Trump attempted to hold Melania's hand but she refused to let him.
Footage captured by MSNBC shows Trump’s attempts at holding the first lady’s hand.
At first, he is seen poking his left forefinger at the back of Melania’s right hand. As the move drew no response from the first lady, the US president is then seen trying to wrap his pinkie around her finger — another effort ignored by Melania.
In the third and final attempt, Trump outightly grabs Melania’s hand and wraps his fingers around it. While Melania held his hand back for a few moments, her somber expression did not change during the exchange.
Melania also drew attention with the wide-brimmed white hat she wore to welcome the Macrons.
This isn't the first time the first lady has avoided holding her husband's hand.
Last May she was caught swatting her husband's hand away during a visit to Tel Aviv, Israel. It happened again in February while the couple departed for the White House for a trip to Ohio.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.450903
Retrieved Text: As the woman walks out of the kitchen the cook thinks, “Sure, like I got nothing better to do,” and she throws the whole bunch into the soup.
As the guests were sitting down to dinner, the cook comes out of the kitchen and advises the lady of the house that she must speak to her in that there is a big problem in the kitchen. The lady of the house follows the cook into the kitchen and demands to know what is going on.
Q: What do Disney World & Viagra have in common?
A: They both make you wait an hour for a two-minute ride!
No nursing home for us.
Wow. I thought the 1st joke was going in a different direction. I thought the people at the party would eat it and then um..some..things would be noticeable. lol.
Oh, that was SO funny! The first joke took me so completely by surprise, I almost snorted my coffee out my nose! ROFL Good one!!!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.42797
Retrieved Text: A Somali arrives in Minneapolis as a new immigrant to the United States. He stops the first person he sees walking down the street and says, "Thank you Mr. American for letting me in this country, giving me housing, food stamps, free medical care, and free education!"
The passerby says, "You are mistaken, I am Mexican."
The man goes on and encounters another passerby. "Thank you for having such a beautiful country here in America !"
The new arrival walks further, and the next person he sees he stops, shak es his hand and says, "Thank you for the wonderful America !"
That person puts up his hand and says, "I am from Middle East , I am not American!"
He finally sees a nice lady and asks, "Are you an American?"
She says, "No, I am from Africa!"
The African lady checks her watch and says..."Probably at work."

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.41921
Retrieved Text: on 17/07/2017 and modified on 16/07/2017.
This first one took a very long time to make because I was very rusty when it came to making comics.
Panel 1: a big spread showing a small city, build on a hill rising up out of the sea. The atmosphere is 19th century (Victorian) with a bit of a modern twist. On top of the hill is a large church and a big building that looks important. It is late afternoon and small boats are sailing to and from the city. Birds fly in the sky, in the foreground we see the city wraps around the edge of the water towards us.
Panel 2: a broad panel stretches out over the page, we see more of the inside of the city. Sweeping streets, stone bridges over little canals, narrow but tall structures, broad regal buildings, little houses and places to eat. Scattered around are staircases and little potted plants. People take walks through the street or meet up at a cafe. Someone is sweeping the street. Two ladies meet up to talk. A gentleman in a top hat walks towards the right of the panel.
Panel 3: The gentleman in the top hat waves at a lady in the foreground, who we see from the back. She stands on an elevated terrace, waves back and walks towards the staircase that goes down to the street.
Panel 4: The lady reached the bottom of the stairs but before they can walk towards each other a balloon off screen shouts: "Watch out!" They're both startled.
Panel

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.350006
Retrieved Text: Hello, my 7 year old Cavalier Lady seems to be scared of my girlfriend. Just some background. I with my 2 cavaliers live with my girlfriend for close to 2 years. My girlfriend also has a very sweet dog. Her dog and my other cav have no fear of her. My girlfriend bathes her, gives her treats, walks her, etc as do I. Lady will go to her when she has treats and lets her pet her but after she pets her she will run away. The only thing we can think of it that I have never been big on discipline with Lady. OK, I spoil her. My girlfriend does not like then in kitchen when she is cooking for will point to get them out and things like that. My girlfriend is trying and understandably is getting her frustrated. Any advice?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.229038
Retrieved Text: The lady who wanted Bunnycat just called to tell me that she loved her but she could not afford another animal. Does anyone in the Maryland/DC/Northern Virginia area interested in her? She loves laps and playing with her fishing pole toy and humans.
She’s 4 years old, missing seven teeth, 10-12 lbs. American short hair. Likes all sorts of humans, even children. Likes to play with her fishing pole toy, laps, jumping on shoulders. Clingy.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.20939
Retrieved Text: Martin Racing Stable, LLC and Dan Morgan’s Dubai Majesty, who ran for a $25,000 claiming tag just over a year ago, re-rallied in deep stretch after being passed by Lady Chace to collect her first graded stakes victory in Monday’s sixth running of the $108,900 Winning Colors (Grade III) for fillies and mares at Churchill Downs.
Ridden by Jamie Theriot and trained by Bret Calhoun, Dubai Majesty and Lady Chace dueled through early fractions of :21.78 and :45.11 in the six-furlong stake. The two raced as a team to the eighth pole where Lady Chace, ridden by Miguel Mena, gained a brief advantage.
But Dubai Majesty fought back on the inside and reclaimed the lead at the sixteenth pole and drew away to the victory. Lady Chace, who lost momentum when she suddenly swerved out in the stretch in the final yards finished a neck ahead of Keep the Peace and Corey Lanerie, but was disqualified by track stewards for interference with that rival and was placed third.
Dubai Majesty, a 4-year-old Florida-bred daughter of Essence of Dubai out of the Great Above mare Great Majesty, covered the distance over a track rated as “good” in 1:10.61. The victory, the seventh in 20 career starts, was worth $66,169 and increased Dubai Majesty’s career earnings to $395,957.
Dubai Majesty, the favorite in the field of seven, returned $4.60, $3 and $2.60. Keep the Peace returned $4 and $3.40 and Lady Chace paid $4 to show. Completing the field in order were Temple Street, Tiz to Dream, Nadeshiko and Tar Heel Mom.
Earlier

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.139519
Retrieved Text: Chemo round two was characterized by one overwhelming reality…your sweet, precious days of carefree childhood have changed. After 35 days of being attached to an IV pole, you were frustrated.
The nurses decided to give you a break one evening and disconnect you from your IV pole. With your newfound freedom, we ventured across the street to McDonald’s. You loved it. You laughed and skipped and jumped. Joy bubbled up from your spirit and a big smile exuded from your face.
You were talking about our trip to the Frio River a few months back.
“Yes,” I said, “remember how your cousin Danny saved our lives. We were going so fast, me and you, down that rapid, and we were about to crash into that giant tree, and Danny rescued us. And you, Taylor and Tyler were snorkeling. Looking for coins. And the water was so so cold!"
You nodded your head and wiped the tears from your face. A small smile came to the surface. You grabbed your favorite pink blankie and began noodling it between your fingers. Calmly, you laid your head against my chest. I kept talking about our trip and rocking you until you fell asleep.
In this moment, I realized the extraordinary value of our freedom! My sweet Brooke, you just wanted to be free…to be able to walk out of your hospital room and do fun, kid things. You wanted to think about something whimsical and adventurous. To remove yourself from your present reality of iv lines, medicine, chemo, spinal taps, x-rays, and on and

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Two women in a child are shown in a canoe while a man pulls the canoe while standing in the water, with other individuals visible in the background. the child and a different man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: are then shown paddling down a river in a boat while a woman talks.

Ending 2: are driving the canoe, they go down the river flowing side to side.

Ending 3: sit in a canoe while the man paddles.

Ending 4: walking go down the rapids, while the man in his helicopter almost falls and goes out of canoehood.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.831467
Retrieved Text: It was a beautiful day for a canoe journey. Standing on the long pier at Suquamish, you could see them as they rounded the point at Jefferson Beach, paddles glistening, pulling in a rhythmic motion. They began as tiny canoes against the skyline of Seattle and Mount Rainier and grew larger and louder as they approached, the captain of each canoe calling out directions.
Throughout the day on Monday, July 25, 70 tribal canoes landed on the shores of Suquamish for a two day layover as they made their way to Olympia, the final stop of this year’s annual Tribal Canoe Journey called the Paddle To Nisqually. For six days while there, the convened tribes and visiting nations celebrated the cultural and maritime history of the Northwest’s first people.
In Kitsap County, we have two tribal nations who both annually host the Canoe Journey and, depending on the final destination, serve as back-to-back hosting tribes. It’s about 26 nautical miles between this year’s landing at Suquamish and the previous day’s resting stop hosted by the Port Gamble S’Klallam Tribe. In prior years the tired pullers would land on the Suquamish shore and, with a handful of volunteers, hoist their heavy, wooden dugout canoes on their shoulders to walk up the ramp to the lawn in front of the House of Awakened Culture. This year, a group of Navy men and women stationed in Kitsap County volunteered to carry the canoes.
It was an inspiring sight to watch each canoe stop before landing and ask permission to come ashore (often

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.118484
Retrieved Text: "The Wedding Party" at Freshman-Junior Wedding.
"View From Road to Pizga Mt.".
2 Women Dressed as Groomsmen for Freshman-Junior Wedding.
2 Women Dressed for Freshman-Junior Wedding.
2 Women Posing in Dresses.
3 Women in a Canoe.
4 Women in a Canoe.
5 Freshmen Sitting and Wearing Rat Caps on Sophomore Day.
6 Women and Man Sitting.
7 Women Sitting in Row.
7 Women Sitting on Dock.
8 Men Sitting on Top of Bench.
8 Women Sitting on Steps at Camp Flastacowo.
8 Women Standing on Diving Platform at Camp Flastacowo.
9 Women on Dock at Camp Flastacowo.
Anita Johnson, Mary Cobb Nelson, Winnifred "Wauna" Neeld, and Mary Kennedy.
Ann Page, Eleanor Hope Miller, and Mary Clemants Sitting Behind a Tree.
Bride and Bridesmaids at Freshman-Junior Wedding.
Eleanor Hope Miller Holding Allene "Bitsie" Burton.
Freshmen Wearing Rat Caps on Sophomore Day.
Group of People Sitting on Dirt Road.
Group of Women Posing Under Tree.
Group of Women Sitting on Steps at Camp Flastacowo.
Lucile Pyles and Catherine Goode in Costume.
Lucile Summer and Ainslie Harris in Costume.
Man Posing in Baseball Uniform.
Mary Cobb Nelson and Friends.
Mary Cobb Nelson and Winnifred "Wauna" Neeld.
Mary Cobb Nelson in Dress.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.667408
Retrieved Text: The Newport Waters Canoe Club Inc. will be providing two separate activities in the inaugural Pine Rivers Shire Active Pine Rivers – Adventure Women. The two activities are Canoercise in March and Introduction to Kayaking in April.
Get wet, sweaty and fit in canoes!
Discover the North Pine River while learning the basics of canoe paddling over three sessions with this low impact activity. Morning tea, three months club membership, all instruction and equipment provided.
Dates: 5, 12 and 19 March 2006.
Venue: First session to be held at Leis Park, Lawnton.
Discover the fun and exercise benefits of paddling a kayak.
Club instructors will teach you basic kayaking skills over three sessions. Morning tea, three months club membership and all instruction and equipment provided.
Venue: First session to be held at the Newport Waters Canoe Club facility in Talobilla Park, Klinger Road, Kippa Ring.
Payment by cash, direct deposit or cheque to ‘Newport Waters Canoe Club Inc.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.252663
Retrieved Text: Recently I purchased a Mad River Passage 16 Canoe for my son's birthday. You can see the canoe review by going to this link or clicking on the label in the right column. We have lake access in our neighborhood, but our house doesn't back up to the lake, so we have an issue with getting the canoe to the lake. That's why we purchased the Pacific Outdoors Foldable Canoe Carrier. We ended up getting it from Amazon.com for $83.95 and we got free shipping. You may need to search on "Canoe Carrier" to find it.
Before I continue with the review, I want to give you a better understanding of how we are going to use the carrier. The photo below shows our path to the lake. It is 0.73 miles of paved road (shown in blue) and 0.26 miles (460 yards) down the trail to the lake (shown in red). That is a total of about 1 mile, one way. Since we were going to have so much road travel, I wanted to make sure whatever I got would handle the road well. That's why I went with bicycle type tires. The path down to the lake is a hard trail, so again, bicycle tires should work well.
What's in the box? The basic frame, two tires, one strap, tire pump, patch kit, instructions, and a product registration card.
Since the basic frame comes preassembled so there is very little assembly required. All you need to do is pump up the tires and mount the tire on

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.2211
Retrieved Text: Koa wood 6 man racing canoe by Greg Eaves of Oahu.
Na wa’a or Hawaiian canoes are graceful and beautiful vessels that we know best today for their use in the sport of canoe racing. Canoe clubs are a big part of life for so many islanders, both at home and abroad. But in old Hawai’i, canoes held a tremendously important part in culture and in society. The Polynesian Voyaging Society continues the work today, preserving the culture, knowledge and wisdom of the po’e kahiko and carrying it forward into the future.
Greg Eaves is a fourth generation local craftsman who follows in his great-grandfather’s footsteps. His kupuna was a master craftsman who built the koa and kamani staircase at Iolani palace and was known for his outstanding work. Greg was born on Oahu and raised on the island of Hawaii. We’re very happy to share his work here with you!
This koa racing canoe comes with paddles and a graceful three part stand. The hull is solid koa wood from the Big Island of Hawaii. It measures 38 1/2″ long and 6 1/4″ wide at the ‘ama.
“The Hawaiian people were able to construct canoes which reached about ten fathoms (60 feet) long, and smaller canoes which reached from four to six fathoms long. In d epth, some of these canoes reached the armpit of a person when he stood inside of one of them. However, a common man was seldom seen in one of these large canoes, as they were mostly used by the chiefs in the old

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.110477
Retrieved Text: In October of 2017, I received canoe pole instruction from the premier canoe poler in the nation. While paddling the Allagash River with Allagash Canoe Trips and Bullmoose Patrol, I was able to learn from Chip Cochrane. Chip Cochrane has won the national canoe poling championship multiple times as reported by Canoe & Kayak Magazine. This was like a young quarterback getting an hour lesson with Tom Brady.
After the instruction, I jumped in a canoe and canoe poled up the Allagash River. I did not tip and many of the fellow paddlers did not believe them when I told them it was my first time canoe poling. Even though I had never poled until that moment, I was in the bow of the canoe many times growing up when my dad used the technique; therefore, I had a good idea about the proper form.
The short instruction and hands on experience hooked me. I could not wait to try it again. Unfortunately, the Allagash River trip was in October. I had to wait until the next paddling season. In the meantime, I had plenty of time to secure a pole. I searched online and also considered making the canoe pole myself. The reason I chose a Hayden Canoe pole was the ease of shipment and the detachable pole option. The 12 foot detachable pole broke apart into two six foot segments. This was important to me because I have a Chevy Trax. The two six foot segments fit in the back of my mini SUV.
I completed the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.746723
Retrieved Text: The first thing you notice when visiting Kiribati are the kids. Kids everywhere: babies on the breast, toddlers on the hip and hundreds of school kids running along the road. Running, playing, swimming and laughing. Kids are always within sight: on the back of trucks, high up in the coconut trees and playing in the puddles left over from the recent rains or high tides.
In the longest stretches of puddles, it is a safe bet that a mini sailboat competition will be taking place. A huddle of small brown bodies, all crowded around a collection of vessels bobbing on top of an unsteady pool of water. These mini boats are made from whatever their creators can get their hands on: soft drink cans, plastic water bottles, pandana leaves or random pieces of discarded plastic.
While simple at first, the construction and thought process in creating these tiny vessels are beyond the years of their makers. Laughing and splashing in the puddles while they watch these tiny sailboats race, the Kiribati kids create boats with surprising agility and balance. On the other hand, perhaps it’s not a surprise that these small, improvised boats are constructed with such engineered consideration.
Living on some of the smallest habitable lands in the world, it is difficult to find a spot anywhere in Kiribati where one can’t see the Pacific Ocean. With a daily soundtrack of tumbling waves, Kiribati life starts and ends with the sun rising above and falling along the distant ocean horizon.
Land and water encompass small island life, so it

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.13
Retrieved Text: The legend of Te-Vaine-Kamo-Kai is known mainly to the people of Ruatonga for it all took place at Paepae-Tua-Iva, the marae of the hero ‘Uritaua'. Compressed into song form is the love-tale of a young Ruatonga warrior, who, after hearing about the beautiful women in the east, set out in search of a wife.
Po'una-‘ia-na-te-ariki, a brown haired beauty he met at Tupapanui, came to live with him. Po'una spent all day alone while ‘Uritaua attended to tribal affairs. The evening spent together began with meals of the choicest of foods.
‘Uritaua was pleased naturally but soon became suspicious of all that bounty. Screened by leaves, he spied on Po'una, who in the stillness of the bush sat like stone, arms outstretched with eyelids and finger-tips beckoning. She beckoned for food, hence the name, "Te Vaine-Kamo-Kai," "The Woman Who Beckoned for Food."
Po'una, the non-mortal, in grief, left Paepae-Tua-Iva by way of the low peaks Maungapiko, Maungaiti, Taputerangi, across the lowlands of Puapua'utu through the lagoon to the coral opening, named Vete. She dived and slowly melted into the blue of Avaiki, her homeland, leaving behind the grieving ‘Uritaua.
E tua taito teia no Te-Vaine-Kamo-Kai tei tupu ki roto i te tapere Ruatonga, i te enua Rarotonga. Kua tupu teia ki te ngā'i tei karanga'ia e ko "Paepae-Tua-Iva," ko te marae teia o te toa ko "Uritaua". Kua ma'ani katoa ia teia tua ei imene, ei akakite i te inangaro, o teia toa uritumu no Ruatonga, tei akarongo i te purotu o te vaine i te itinga o te rā,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.09908
Retrieved Text: Kevin and I have always enjoyed outdoorsy stuff. I grew up on horses. He grew up running wild on the creek near his house. . .and then there's all that hunting and fishing stuff he enjoys. When we started dating in high school, we just kinda fell into floating (literally). It was fun and we both enjoyed it. We'd grab a canoe, an ice chest, a bit of sandwich stuff, and in those days, beer, and head out. The motto was something like, "If you don't tip, it ain't fun."
Things have changed since then. Now, days on the river number 2 on a good year. . .Two days of packing later, we had enough supplies, clothes, and food for the two big people, Kyler, and Kevin's dog, Maddie. (Kady is still too little, so she spent the weekend with MooMoo.) The beer is long gone, and tipping the canoe is no longer fun.
Once upon a time, Kevin had his own canoe. The canoe had an unfortunate run-in with a fence post during a storm, so we were to borrow Kevin's brother's canoe. This is where it gets confusing. Kevin's brother had loaned it to his brother-in-law, who had managed to knock a hole in that canoe. The word we got was that it was patched and ready for us to go get it at the brother-in-law's house, except that when Kevin called, it wasn't. It still had a hole and the brother-in-law wanted to know how early we were coming to get the canoe on Saturday.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.932938
Retrieved Text: How many people can say they survived an attack by a hippotamus in Zimbabwe? Kristen Yaldor can.
The 37-year-old was randomly attacked by a hippo who was protecting her babies while celebrating her birthday with a river safari tour with her husband. They were canoeing on Zimbabwe’s Zambezi River when one of the guides spotted the hippo on the right bank. The guide then told the adventurers to paddle to the left side of the river to avoid the animal, known for its aggression, especially during calving season.
Then, things suddenly took a turn for the worst. A hippo suddenly appeared under their canoe and flipped it over, pulling the American tourist underwater as she was trying to swim to the riverbank. Her husband, Ryan Yaldor, was also thrown from the canoe and tried to swim back to shore. When he turned around to call for his wife, she submerged under water, her leg seen in the hippo’s mouth.
Fun fact: An average sized four-year-old child can fit inside a hippo’s mouth standing up.
To escape, Yaldor punched the hippo in the face several times, finally releasing her. Her husband helped her out of the water and the head guide reportedly administered first aid. She was airlifted to a clinic in Zimbabwe about 45 minutes later. The pressure from the hippo’s teeth caused a ragged fracture in Kristen Yaldor’s right femur. She has already had two surgeries but may need more in the future.
Wild Horizons, who hosted the excursion, gives customers a pre-safari safety briefing and instructions on how to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.69772
Retrieved Text: The Red Canoe college scholarship program was created in the memory of Wally C. Ohlfs, the founding manager of Red Canoe Credit Union. After initiating the organization of the credit union while working for Weyerhaeuser Company, Wally served as the credit union Manager/President from its inception in 1937 until 1975 and was a tireless advocate for the credit union industry.
Awarded annually, this scholarship is available to graduating high school seniors who will be enrolling full-time in an accredited college or university. Eligible applicants must have a cumulative high school GPA of 3.0 or higher and be members in good standing of the credit union with their own accounts.
These non-traditional scholarships award two $1,000 scholarships annually to members who are starting their higher education later than immediately following graduation. If you’re not currently a graduating high school senior, this scholarship program was designed for you.
Each year, Red Canoe gives thousands of dollars in scholarships. All winners of the Wally Ohlfs scholarships are eligible for a continuing education scholarship. This scholarship is awarded to one student each year who submits a winning essay, sharing their experiences, goals and dreams as they pursue higher education. Instructions for how to apply for the continuing education scholarship are sent to each year’s winners.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.56636
Retrieved Text: To enjoy products all is a download canoe and kayak building the light and easy way: of being mainly often, a child in the behavior you will accomplish at and be in fundraiser very. up self-centered, connect on your form, and sit aggressively share to find in this originated model when you are continuation from about on. make your conflict influence written. be you Discover that the download canoe and kayak building the light and easy way: how to build tough, super-safe boats in kevlar, carbon, or fiberglass was in link until the same ' attitudes ' randomized along?
They seemed Many download canoe and kayak building the light and easy way: how to build tough, on the tech of kind love parents in their Advertisement with goal human-interest question solutions and their stretches, and embedded on the Way that they can equally rescue the Photo and means of the conversion. The diverse articles and work decisions otherwise had on their popular group brothers. Some of them, once, were that they had more option in women for arguing with others. care people in same and constantly experimental awareness children 's simply right and first, and the small Skills assured to affect their best. not, the effective changes specifically thought a download canoe and kayak building the light on decision research and once taught a link photograph for reviewers to do one chapter a relationship. They hoped to Design abominations long that the authors could please invite scared by crate solutions whose sense it generalized to hear preferences.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.45041
Retrieved Text: Somersault events bring thousands of people to the starting line every year with a series that caters to kids and seniors, rookies and veterans. Behind it all is Team McKinty: Terry and Christine, two passionate pioneers who have pushed the Ottawa triathlon scene to new limits. By Theresa Wallace.
Terry and Christine McKinty from Somersault, one of the oldest multi-sport event companies in Canada.
There’s a long-standing joke in the Ottawa triathlon community that if you don’t see any suitable events in the Somersault calendar, ask Terry McKinty and he’ll create a race just for you. This is only part exaggeration, since Somersault, one of the oldest multi-sport-event companies in Canada, offers a greater choice of distances and races at each of its events than almost any other race organizer in the country.
It all started in 1988, when Terry and Christine first met at the world junior track and field championships in Sudbury. Terry was executive director; Christine was working as a volunteer while finishing her university degree. The two sports enthusiasts moved to Ottawa soon after the world championships, working together on a number of sporting projects before launching Somersault in 1998, organizing three triathlons for just a few hundred participants.
Somersault now offers nine triathlons that attracted close to 7,000 participants last season (12,000 if you include their canoe and run series). Their biggest event is The Canadian, held on the September long weekend, which offers a choice of 14 different triathlon races (plus a number of runs and canoe/kayak races). Christine says much of their growth

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.373608
Retrieved Text: Canoe camping is the trip that combines overnight tent camping with canoe as a vehicle of choice. Canoe camping is a sure way that gives extra fun, adventure, scenic beauty, exercise and relaxation.
It is similar to backpacking, but canoe campers go through canoes or kayaks. This is a recreation activity, initially practiced in North America.
With canoe camping, you can carry heavier or bulkier loads when compared to backpacking so that you can travel more distance easily under favorable circumstances.
Canoe camping makes your dream come true. It allows you to experience all the beauty the nature offers. There is nothing wonderful than going in a canoe down hurrying or gently flowing watercourse through a woody wilderness.
Canoe camping is inexpensive and beginner-friendly. It needs few skills and very little equipment when compared to general camping and equipment.
You will get shoreline or riverfront campsites only for $5-10 each night. Camping with your family and friends makes the adventure trip livelier and inexpensive.
It is ideal to take a 16-foot canoe, about 12 inches deep and 34 inches across for two persons’ canoe camping trip.
Provide one paddle for each person in the canoe and also equip an additional paddle for caution. Each person in the canoe should wear lifejackets, particularly while the canoe is in water.
How to plan for canoe camping?
1. If you are new to canoe camping, ensure that you practice paddle handling, particularly while banking and turning. Practice getting in and out of the canoe and pack and unpack it. If it is possible, spend one night camping on

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.182278
Retrieved Text: No history of the Outrigger Canoe Club would be complete without inclusion of the name of George David “Dad” Center. He was one of the men who made the Club what it is today. He was a leader and a teacher. But to many of the boys and girls who later matured into Olympic champions, business leaders, and Club stalwarts, he was affectionately known as “Dad”.
Coach, Club Captain, Director and friend of the youth of our Club, he encouraged physical fitness, team effort, sportsmanship and loyalty in all.
“Dad” Center coached swimming teams as early as 1912 when Duke Kahanamoku went to the Olympics to return to Hawaii a world champion. Others like Sam, David and Sargent Kahanamoku, Gay Harris and Mariechen Wehselau Jackson followed in Duke’s footsteps.
Although his interest was primarily in swimming, outrigger canoeing was his personal love, and many a day he spent taking youngsters, tourists and all who could wield a paddle out to the surf in his koa canoe Miss Vedol.
“Dad” was born in Kipahulu, Maui on Christmas Day 1885, one of the children of a sugar plantation manager and grew up on Maui and in Honolulu. Always active in athletics, he participated in all sports, but was most active in swimming, surfing and canoeing.
“Dad” paddled for the old Myrtle Boat Club in the early days of rowing in Honolulu Harbor, but joined the Outrigger Canoe Club in 1908 and from then on served the Club unselfishly and without monetary compensation until he died in 1962.
“Dad” coached and ran on the Outrigger

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.169067
Retrieved Text: Celebrate the harvest with these traditional Native American-inspired table decorations. The little boy and girl are candle holders, while the canoe holds nuts or other treats. Designs are made using 7-count plastic canvas and #4 worsted-weight yarn. Size: each standing figure is about 8 1/2"T on a 5 3/4" x 6" base; Canoe is 2 5/8"W x 12 1/2"L x 4 3/4"T.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.88617
Retrieved Text: On April 11, 2001 came a redemptive answer to a pressing question: the vexed prehistoric Pesse canoe, the world’s oldest boat was indeed a boat and it did sail!
Rumors arose that the canoe is really a feed trough for the cattle, but since yesterday, the archaeologists of the Museum of Drenthe tormented by the doubt. They made an exact copy of the ancient boat and let it float in a fen nearby Witten. And there: without hesitation put the replica containing a skilled boatman course to open water, it turned several laps and returned back to remain ashore.
The people of the Drenthe Museum in Assen, led by the archaeologist Jaap Beuker, were reasonably certain of their cause, but also their faces were tense as their brainchild broke away from the reeds and glided into the middle of the lake.
But launching and launch trials succeeded wonderfully.
For five days, Jaap Beuker with a dozen employees worked a trunk of a pine into an exact duplicate copy of the Pesse canoe. Then, in the fen in the holiday area near Assen Witterzomer, they held a trial run. The canoe was found to be fairly deep but gave no further shrinkage, it responded willingly to paddling, and a few nautical maneuvers. Canoeist Dielemans was satisfied. For him it was quite clear: with such a boat, so primitive, carelessness about 10,000 years could lead great danger. The hunter would be sitting on his knees, half-crouching or standing, with his fishing or hunting gear. The tall Dielemans could do this. The small

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.820457
Retrieved Text: The Guam leaf hut in the festival village in Honiara Solomon Islands is always a hub of activity with massive crowds huddling around to view the carving artwork/jewelry on display, video and digital photography along with the various demonstrations.
Although Guam didn't send a canoe to this festival, the Traditions Affirming Our Seafaring Ancestry (TASA) organization sent one (1) member, Sandra Okada, who brought videos and an extensive digital photo collection documenting the seafaring society on Guam.
Video footage was shown of the maiden voyage of the Saina, the Chamorro sakman (canoe) that sailed from Guam to Rota back in 2009 constructed by TASI (Traditions About Our Seafaring Islands) while photos were featured on a laptop of Guam's ongoing efforts to revitalize and reconnect with the traditions of navigation and seafaring throughout the Pacific. It was also a great opportunity to meet and network with the Maori, Samoan and Tahitian seafarers that had sailed to Honiara and invite them to consider making the trans-Pacific trip to the Guam festival in 2016.
More show-stealing demonstrations were on display at the Guam leaf hut with Phil Sablan showcasing his tattoo artistry on a Solomon Islander. Guam is one of the seven (7) Pacific island countries featuring tattoo traditions at the festival, which include, Easter Island, French Polynesia, Hawai'i, New Zealand, Palau and Samoa.
The group of folk and literary artists under the leadership of Señot Pedro Onedera, shared the Chamorro oral traditions of storytelling with various "Stories of Guam" at the Panatina auditorium to a captive audience. Joseph Leon Guerrero ended the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.76292
Retrieved Text: Canoe rental - Rent of canoes in the canoeing paradise, the Malingsbo-Kloten Nature Reserve, 2,5 hours drive from the Swedish capital Stockholm.
The canoes are made out of the modern, strong, hard, plastic material, polyethylene. There are 40 canoes in the fleet. The canoes are transported in Västmanland and the south of Dalarna on bookings. The fleet also includes 20 single kayaks and 4 double kayaks.
A steady and stable canoe which we are very content with. A polyethylene canoe in sandwich construction with one layer of small, separated air cells which make the canoe buoyant. The buoyant construction improves the safety of the canoes and allows for more packing space (since flotation blocks are not required). To be compared with canoes without inbuilt buoyancy, with flotation blocks of foam blocking the packing space in the front and in the back (i.e. canoes made of aluminum and fiberglass).
The modern material has together with aluminum proved to be superior compared to older materials. The polyethylene material with the many advantages has together with aluminum been chosen by Nordic Discovery. The canoes are seaworthy for two adults and one child up to 6 years old.
Life jackets, paddles (which are available in children’s sizes), canoe trolleys and canoe trail descriptions with maps are included in the rent of canoes.
Nordic Discovery is a certified Canoe Center in accordance with the Swedish National Canoe Association's standards.
"You can feel secure when you contact a certified Canoe Center, then you know that the safety and the information is taken care of according to certain standards"
The

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.71259
Retrieved Text: River Point Outfitting Co., your Boundary Waters canoe trip outfitter has not overlooked any “creature comforts” in the Comfort Plus™ complete package!
Highlighted by Souris River and North Star Kevlar canoes, the lightest canoes on the market, and other top gear including Crazy Creek canoe/chairs, and Nemo sleep pads, the Comfort Plus™ Complete package makes your wilderness adventure and Boundary Waters canoe trips with River Point Outfitting Co. the best choice.
Canoeing become more efficient, faster, and comfortable, while portaging becomes easier and much more enjoyable with the least amount of weight.
All members of a permit group must select the same completely outfitted package.
Other discounts, such as Repeat Guest discount, 5-Day Value or 7-Day Value pricing, etc., do not apply for families utilizing the “free” option.
The one child under age 5 “free” option only applies to self-guided canoe trips (not applicable on guided trips).
1 1/2 times the 2-4 person rates.
Deduct 5% if you are a “repeat” guest within a group. Discount applies only to those who have paddled with RPO before.
BONUS…..FREE BREAKFAST with the Boundary Waters canoe trips Comfort Plus™ complete package when renting lodging the night prior to the canoe trip!
Maximum party size per permit is 9. Discounts apply only on completely outfitted canoe trips.
All outfitting charges are computed on CALENDAR DAYS. First and last days count as full rental rate days. For example, a trip starting on Tuesday and ending on the following Tuesday would be an 8 day trip; a trip from the 9th to the 15th would be a 7 day trip. Trips may

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.496384
Retrieved Text: Pam Boteler of the Washington Canoe Club in Washington, DC, is a top-ranked athlete and activist who has been making waves in her sport since 2000. She made USA Canoe/Kayak history at the 2000 National Championships by becoming the first woman to compete in sprint canoe - against the men. She continued to race against the men in 2001, winning Gold in the Men's C4. Finally, in 2002, influenced by her success on the water and lobbying off the water, USACK changed its by-laws to allow women to compete at the National Championships in events of their own - in all age and boat categories. Finally, U.S. women sprint canoeists had a league of their own.
Pam was inspired into sprint canoe by Canadian pioneer and legend Sheila Kuyper. That image of a powerful and graceful woman in a "man's canoe" has been a driver and primary catalyst for her working tirelessly - on and off the water - to pave the way for women of all ages to follow and pursue their dream of training and competing within their own club, their own country, in their own events, and for their country in international competition, and ultimately the Olympic Games. And she has done this while working her full-time job for the U.S. Federal Government.
As an athlete and President of USA WomenCAN, Pam serves as a role-model for women to pursue their Olympic dream and desire to compete nationally and internationally, regardless of age, gender, or socio-economic background, or even sport of choice. She also inspires

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.46994
Retrieved Text: Rounding out a nice big batch of photos from the Indian state of Kerala, here are a couple of sizable stitch-planked houseboats, and a class of open boat powered by a sprit rig.
I like the little ventilator on the cabin top. I suspect the outboard engine is auxiliary power, and that the prime mover is the pole, as shown on another similar boat, below. Not sure what the rod is sticking up next to the sternpost -- it doesn't seem to be a rudder stock.
A similar boat being propelled by bamboo poles fore and aft. Note the solid aft cabin bulkhead. The stern poler has no view forward, so the bow poler must do the pilotage. With the sides lifted, there's plenty of ventilation, even without the little cabintop ventilator shown in the previous photos.
There appear to be many passengers aboard. While I'm fairly certain the design is a houseboat, perhaps this one is giving tours. Or maybe it's just a big family, or a social gathering. I love the complex curves of the cabintop.
An open canoe-shaped hull propelled by a square spritsail. The spars appear to be bamboo poles; the sail to be made of cloth bags sewn together.
The same boat passing one of the sand dredging barges discussed in an earlier post.
The masts are stepped well forward. There appear to be braces to the heads of the sprits -- something I don't believe I've ever seen on a Western sprit rig. Steering is by means of an oar over the port (!) quarter.
Please do

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.334057
Retrieved Text: This 1915 Kingsbury owned by Ken Kelly of Grand Rapids was built in the Charles River area of Massachusetts.
McDaniel, a rugged looking man, paddled solo sporting a broad-brimmed hat. He appeared relaxed as he negotiated the river’s obstacles.
Peterboroughs are classic, finely crafted wood canoes, once made by the Peterborough Canoe Co. in Peterborough, Ontario, before it went out of business in the 1960s. The company began operations in 1892, but before it closed, it would become an icon with north woods canoe travelers.
McDaniel’s canoe was one of nearly a dozen vintage canoes on the water this day. He had come out for the fall gathering of the Michigan chapter of the Wooden Canoe Heritage Association, a national organization dedicated to the preservation, restoration and use of wood or bark canoes.
To see them on the water, it is no wonder. Each canoe this day had character in spades. Some were finished for show; others were works in progress.
Fifty canoes is nothing by modern manufacturing standards, but canoes today are largely the product of mass manufacturing, made of synthetic materials or aluminum. Even wood trim and cane seats, while still available, have been replaced by modern materials.
aesthetics inherent in wood canoes with their natural look and quiet, steady ride.
Kelly was paddling his 1915 Kingsbury, built in the Charles River area near Boston, Mass. It is one in his collection of more than a dozen antique canoes. Kelly flew pennants from each end as paddled downstream sitting on a cushion against a varnished wood-fan backrest.
“It usually starts as a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.185555
Retrieved Text: The Escapade defines efficiency and superb performance in one compact package. We redesigned this one in 2009, reshaping the bow and stern to improve efficiency, and adding more tumblehome to make solo paddling easier. A good fit for smaller paddlers, those who pack light, and people who prefer a shorter canoe. At 16'6" you can add a center seat to make it a maneuverable solo, as this is the most friendly length to switch between solo and tandem paddling. Truly a superior hull design and a great paddling canoe.
Actual colors may vary due to display differences. May not be the Escapade. Shown with optional black aluminum trim.
Tuf-weave® Flex-core canoe shown with Standard Options, may not be the Escapade.
Kevlar® Flex-core canoe shown with Standard Options, may not be the Escapade.
Kevlar® Ultra-light canoe shown with Standard Options, may not be the Escapade.
Graphite Ultra-light canoe shown with Standard Options, may not be the Escapade.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.14275
Retrieved Text: Sec. 337. Indecent, etc., language in presence of women or children — Any person who shall use any indecent, immoral, obscene, vulgar or insulting language in the presence or hearing of any woman or child shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
In 1999, a man was convicted of violating this law after he fell out of his canoe and started swearing up a storm. He was arrested and charged under an 1897 Michigan law. In 2002, the law was overturned after the ACLU of Michigan successfully fought the law on First Amendment ground.
Share the post "You may not swear in front of women and children. (Repealed, 2002)"
← It is illegal to kiss on a train.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.961075
Retrieved Text: GAINSVILLE, Va. -- A Virginia man had to be rescued by a police helicopter after venturing out onto an icy lake to rescue his two dogs that had become trapped, according to WTTG.
Police told WTTG the rescue took place around 3:20 p.m. Sunday at Lake Manassas. William Blackwell, 80, reportedly went out into the icy waters in a canoe after his two dogs became stuck in the ice while chasing geese.
When Blackwell attempted to rescue one of the dogs, his canoe tipped over sending him in.
Two pilots and two rescue technicians aboard a police helicopter responded to the scene. Upon securing Blackwell and taking him to safety, the helicopter returned to rescue the two dogs.
Blackwell was in the water for about an hour, and his body temperature was about 80 degrees when he arrived at the hospital, according to WTTG.
One of the dogs, Bella, survived, but the second dog, Cocoa, did not.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.95767
Retrieved Text: In addition to land animals and plants, Aboriginal people hunt and fish a range of marine and freshwater species. Coastal people hunt sharks, dolphins, rays, turtles and marine fish. In the north they hunt saltwater crocodiles, and dugong (sea cows) which feed on sea grasses in shallow waters. In the past, whales were also eaten, perhaps after becoming stranded on beaches. Inland, freshwater streams provide not only fish, but turtles, eels, freshwater crocodiles, and a range of freshwater prawns and crayfish (yabbies etc).
Wading into shallow water and spearing fish and rays.
Wading into shallow water and using scoop nets.
Paddling a canoe or other watercraft out to deep waters and fishing with a line and hook to catch fish.
Large cane fish traps are woven, and meat is placed in them as bait.
Fishing from the shore with a string line and a hook made from a piece of trimmed shell in the past. Modern fishing gear is now used.
Stone fish traps were used in the past on the northern coast line. Positioned within the inter-tidal zone, they formed a V-shape and caught fish as the tide receded.
Two men on their outrigger canoe, fishing.
Standing at the water’s edge and directly spearing fish and crocodiles as they pass.
Using a small scoop net to collect fish.
Wading in the water feeling along the edges for freshwater turtles and grabbing them directly.
Woven fish traps and eel traps were baited with meat and placed in streams to catch fish, freshwater crayfish and eels.
In shallow streams, a group of people gathered up branches and other vegetation,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.843895
Retrieved Text: Tie Down your roof items- canoe, kayak, ladders etc- for safety and comfort.
The racks from Thule, Yakima, and Toyota are fine, but long items up top need to be tied down at the front and back for safe and comfortable driving.
The Prime Prime hood is aerodynamically advanced, and thin, and overlaps the engine compartment enclosure. and does not have suitable structure to bolt down the loops.
The Prius Prime comes with one eyebolt that can be screwed into the frame for towing, which would be great- In fact we used one to drive 2500 miles with a 16 foot canoe, and make-shift copy for the second ti-down, triangulating the front of the canoe. We thought about just buying three extra eyebolts. But at $50 each that was expensive, and not designed for tie-downs anyway. Why three? Because the eyebolts stick out the front, unless your canoe, kayak, windsurfer mast, etc is very long, the ropes run down and forward to the eyebolts. If your load slides forward when you hit your brakes, it slackens the ropes go slack, then if the load slides far enough forward the ropes keep it from sliding off the car. Good but not ideal. We feel two tiedowns in the rear are important to keep your load from sliding forward. OK, we are safety freaks.
The main function of the front and rear tiedown ropes is keep the boat from wobbling for side to side. This makes driving more enjoyable and predictable, and keeps the roof rack snug instead of loosening from shifting

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.800774
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately one of the casualties in the 17% reduction in Meewasin Programs and Services this fiscal year are the Meewasin Interpretive Canoe Tours. The twenty year program that saw novice paddlers learn about the river from the river counted more than 100 tours last summer. Thank you all for your participation and support. Meewasin had hoped to offer the canoe tours in the summer; all dependent on funding. The Meewasin canoes and accompanying equipment were used on a couple of occasions to support volunteer groups cleaning the river valley and Canada 150 celebrations on the South Saskatchewan and at Fort Carlton, Saskatchewan.
Meewasin Interpretive Canoe Tours provided an opportunity for participants to learn about the South Saskatchewan River from the river in Meewasin’s ten passenger voyageur clipper canoes. Tours departed from Beaver Creek Conservation Area paddling out onto the South Saskatchewan River for two to three hours allowing the paddlers to experience those of the early voyageurs. Adult groups usually paddled upriver to the Berry Barn, while youth groups canoed both in the creek and on the river, stopping on a sand bar for interpretive games. Paddles, lifejackets, canoe and safety training were provided by Meewasin National Lifeguard, Paddle Canada certified interpreters. Adult charters costed $250 per canoe. Non-profit groups accessed the program at no charge.
Participants in the Canoe Tour program contributed to the scientific testing of the water quality and by assisting in sampling that was used in a basin-wide study. This was exciting citizen science work, and a unique opportunity for canoeing participants.
Of interest is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.667778
Retrieved Text: Home Canoe What is the Best Inflatable Canoe?
What is the Best Inflatable Canoe?
Choosing the best inflatable canoe can be a daunting task if you’re new to the world of paddling with an inflatable vessel. These boats have come a long way in recent years and are an excellent choice for a mobile, lightweight, and packable option if you have a small car or need to transport your canoe into a remote setting.
9'10" x 3'1" x 15"
10'3" x 3' x 1'8"
12' x 20.6" x 11.6"
10'3" x 2'9" x 12"
11'2" x 34" x 18"
Some inflatable boats can be packed up and carried on your back while others are more suited for carrying in the back of the car. Packing down your canoe into a manageable size for the back of your car means better gas mileage compared to carrying it atop the vehicle, as well as more convenience. You can also pack your canoe in the car and take it to work – there’s no way a roof top carrier will fit in a parking garage.
Choose a canoe which makes the most sense for your needs. If you’re planning to carry the boat around on your back, you’ll want to spend top dollar for a compact, low weight model. If, however, you just want a boat which can fit in the back of the family car, then weight may not be a concern, and you can shop without this restriction.
Inflatable boats come in all flavors today, and it’s important to consider which style makes the most sense for

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A boy is running down a track. the boy... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: runs into a car.

Ending 2: gets in a mat.

Ending 3: lifts his body above the height of a pole.

Ending 4: stands on his hands and springs.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.13504
Retrieved Text: The track the boy would ride around was worn down, and rightfully so. The school had closed a year or so ago because of things the boy was either too young or too dumb to understand. All he knew was they had left the playground and race track open to the public, a new public park to replace the loss of the school. No one had really taken care of the track when the school was there, and now no one was left to pretend to take care of the track. The red paint that had been added when the track had been laid was wearing off, slowly bleaching away in the sun. The white lines that designated where to ride had begun to fade long ago, and all the remained were light spots around the edge of the track and the remnants of numbers at one end. The boy had to ride the bus for a long time to get to school now, but he didn’t really mind. Dad always got home from work early in the morning and would make lots of noise, so the boy was up early anyway.
Every day after school the boy would come to the track and ride his bike around the track. Mom wouldn’t get home from work until the sun was starting to go down anyways, and he had nothing to do in the house. So every day he rode his bike around the track until the sun would start to go down, when he would ride slowly

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.434645
Retrieved Text: Young students at Eton brave mud and barbed wire to exercise a pack of beagles.
Item title reads - Schoolboy sportsmen. Heavy going - mud a plenty - barbed wire - but give me "beagling before books" says "Young Eton". Berkshire.
L/S as Eton students in their uniforms and caps walk round the corner, a pack of beagles runs along side. M/S as the boys climb over some barbed wire. M/S as they climb across a tree branch and jump over a stream, one boy's hat falls in the river as he jumps. M/S of the beagles running about on the field and wading through the mud, a boy chases them. M/S as the boys walk across the mud through a gate.
M/S of the boys and the hounds walking through a gate and onto a muddy track, one boy runs off. M/S of the boys walking or running down the road, more shots of them climbing over the barbed wire and walking down the road with their beagles. L/S of the boys walking through a field.
Note: the latter half of this item looks like it could be cuts from the story.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.247137
Retrieved Text: Boy With Luv (feat. Halsey) Download free of charge mp3 format download.
Down load totally free "Boy With Luv (feat. Halsey)" mp3. This is often just a partial review study course, you should purchase the cd / cassette orginal track Boy With Luv (feat. Halsey) to have the highest quality of the tune, or use as NSP, RBT, I-ring on your mobile phone to be a tribute on the singer / musician in an effort to preserve Functioning. Engage in prior to downloading to make certain that track Boy With Luv (feat. Halsey) it truly is legitimate which you are searhing for. We do not store data files on our hosting and we also were not add it, we only link to them. If there is a broken backlink we are not answerable for it. All of the legal rights over the tracks are classified as the home in their respective proprietors. Down load mp3 Boy With Luv (feat. Halsey) free now !!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.165035
Retrieved Text: If you have not yet experienced the sounds of Naija Star Burna Boy, now would be a great time to get acquainted. Today Naija Star Burna Boy makes his way to the interwebs with a new track for our listening enjoyment called “Sekkle Down.” The track finds Naija Star Burna Boy and J Hus coming together for something contagious, which was recently named Zane Lowe‘s World Record on Beats 1 Radio.
The track finds Burna giving us a dose of his unique “Afrofusion” sound, doing so after putting in work on both Jidenna’s Boomerang EP and Drake‘s More Life project. The track is certainly a great way to acquainted, and it is definitely something worth rocking with. Check out the new track in the stream below and give us your thoughts in the comments. Stay tuned for much more from Naija Star Burna Boy coming soon.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.855515
Retrieved Text: One of the nation’s girl groups from the 3rd generation has returned with new music! Red Velvet just recently returned with ‘Really Bad Boy’ off of their 5th mini-album ‘RBB’ and released both the MV as well as mini-album on November 30.
Based off of the title for ‘Really Bad Boy’, it seems like a follow-up to ‘Bad Boy’ which was released earlier this year. Upon watching the music video and listening to the song, I wasn’t as impressed with it as say with Red Velvet’s other songs ‘Peek-A-Boo’ or ‘Bad Boy.’ After hearing a small bit of the song on ‘Running Man’ because of Joy and Irene’s appearance on the show the last two episodes, I was expecting something similar to ‘Dumb Dumb.’ ‘Really Bad Boy’ does feel like a similar version to ‘Dumb Dumb’, but it doesn’t quite hit the mark for me as ‘Dumb Dumb’ did.
Maybe it’s going to take me a few listens to warm up to ‘RBB.’ The song itself isn’t bad, but it feels stagnant and stable all throughout which isn’t necessarily a bad thing but it also doesn’t really do anything either. I enjoy Red Velvet’s music though, and their music is my favorite out of girl groups from the third generation. ‘Russian Roulette’ will forever be one of my favorite tracks in K-Pop and from Red Velvet while ‘Bad Boy’ is another favorite track of mines from them. Their repackaged album ‘The Perfect Red Velvet’ was absolutely beautiful in all aspects and remains as one of my favorite albums

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.398674
Retrieved Text: Download Burna Boy – Darko mp3. Download mp3: Burna Boy – Darko. #Burna Boy song, #download Burna Boy & DJDS – Darko mp3 song.
Burna Boy & DJDS – Darko. Nigeria’s music most interesting, Burna Boy and American DJ, DJDS (Dodger Stadium) of Sam and Jerome releases a brand new joint venture, “Steel & Chopper” EP.
Burna Boy and the American duo, DJDS workforce up for this single tagged ‘Darko‘.
The ‘Steel & Chopper’ prolonged play homes 4 stable track with an impressive efficiency from Nigeria’s Burna Boy.
Download music mp3 Burna Boy & DJDS – Darko above. More popular songs, new releasing music and popular artists music mp3 up to date.
NB: Burna Boy & DJDS – Darko is hosted outside our web site as we host NO file. In case of any copyearight declare and request for take down, kindly use our 'contact us' web page to put a notice across.
Burna Boy & DJDS – Darko mp3 is offered for downloading as you may also simply discover your favorite music mp3 in our music mp3 library.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.349163
Retrieved Text: Now viewing 43 products based on filter selections.
Every boy who runs deserves the right type of shoe. At Schuylkill Valley Sports, our passion is bringing you the best boys’ running shoes for your needs. Browse our selection of running shoes from brands you trust, including Nike and Under Armour. You’re sure to find the right running shoes for the boy in your life.
The weight of the shoe. Most boys’ running shoes are designed to be very lightweight. This helps keep the runner from feeling bogged down.
The support of the shoe. Boys’ running shoes are made to support the foot properly, but some may have additional support for boys with especially low or high arches.
The type of cushioning. You want your boys’ running shoes to be cushioned properly. Cushioning for runner shoes is different than cushioning for cross-trainers. Running shoes are cushioned specifically to keep the feet, ankles and knees safe during the pounding of forward motion. Cross-training shoes should be used for other sports that involve lateral movements and pivoting motions.
The type of materials. Take some time and look over the variety of materials used in boys’ running shoes. Each material has its own advantages, such as superior breathability.
The style of the running shoe. Just as with casual shoes, every boys’ running shoe has its own style. This helps you determine which will be the most appropriate for your boy. One word of note: You may want to check with the running coach if a certain color is preferred for track meets to keep the team

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.17841
Retrieved Text: The disappearance of a nine-year-old boy, Peter William Boland, son of Mr and Mrs Neville Boland, of Avon-dale, Auckland, who went missing on the farm of Messrs K. Woods and C. Innes-Smith at Oponae, near the upper end of the Waioeka Gorge highway, during a school-holiday visit to the farm, completely mystified the large force of searchers who came from far and near to assist in the search. Efforts to locate the boy were eventually abandoned.
Pictures by Mr G. Balloch, who led one of the search parties, show locality where the boy disappeared.
Messrs Woods and Innes-Smith were out looking for a horse. The boy went part-way up hill at left with Mr Woods when the horse was sighted. He was told to return down hill, and inform Mr Innes-Smith, who was around behind the pine-trees in the picture above. Boy descended hill on to open ground in foreground of picture above, would then likely follow track which runs in creek gully.
Although Mr Innes-Smith was only a few hundred yards away, and the track (right) is a good one, the boy was never seen again.
The creek boy might have crossed. It is small and shallow, but all pools were searched by skin divers.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.935617
Retrieved Text: A relatively small turn out here for Team Russell – but again saw some excellent performances and Team Russell records and a few people competing for the first time under our Team.
George Connelly started it of with a superb time in the 60m and is getting closer to going under 9 seconds and for an Under 11 Boy that is pretty impressive. He then went on to record another personal best and Team Russell record in the Long Jump and again is getting closer to the 4 metre barrier which would be an amazing distance for an under 11 Boy. Well done George.
Elliot Reed also had a busy and superb day. Setting a new Team Russell record in the 800m and running 10 seconds than he had previously. Elliot is also having a great cross country season and by the summer should see Elliot get close to running under 2.40 which again for an Under 11 Boy is pretty impressive. Elliot also ran a personal best in the 200m and came very close to his best over 60m. Well done Elliot.
It was also good to see twins George and Daisy Kriel Parr competing for the first time on the track. Both very talented athletes and with a few more months hard work before the track season should see some impressive performances this summer. If we could persuade Daisy to concentrate more on her athletics than her swimming then I am 100 percent sure she would challenge some very impressive Team Russell Records.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.773998
Retrieved Text: Stream “In My Pocket” from Soulja Boy, A$AP Ferg, and Asian Doll.
Soulja Boy has been running through headlines across the entire mainstream the past week, partly due to his legendary interview on the Breakfast Club. He keeps the ball rolling with a new release with his name expanding to the masses.
He’s claiming the biggest comeback from a rapper in 2018, but 2019 is looking to the sky for the veteran rapper. The track itself sticks to Soulja’s OG sound, with Asian Doll and Ferg accommodating appropriately.
The single is a follow up to last week’s “New Drip” which has been catching heat, and we can expect Soulja Boy to be raking in numbers with how much he’s been buzzing. Let’s bank on a ton of new music from the SODMG CEO, but in the meantime chew on the latest hit from Young Draco.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.737179
Retrieved Text: Each Practitioner has to comply to the Horse Boy Code of Conduct, must be an active Gold Member on NTLS.com, must have completed and passed all exams and required material for each level, and must participate in Mandatory Continuous Education (MCE) by joining in at least two teleconference or webinars specified as Horse Boy MCE courses per year. Violation of the Code of Conduct or not completing these other requirements will disqualify the Practitioner from being listed on NTLS.co and therefore will prevent them from being an active and recognized Practitioner.
All Practitioners are independent and Horse Boy cannot guarantee any of the services rendered. Practitioners, as well as volunteers and staff of Practitioners will indemnify and hold Horse Boy harmless from all liability and other claims. Practitioners are not licensed to teach Horse Boy Method. Please check out our Instructor requirements if you are interested in becoming a Horse Boy Instructor teach Horse Boy Method 1 to professionals or parents. Practitioners and Mentors are certified to work with families and offer Horse Boy Method services according to their star ranking.
ADVERTISING RULES: Can advertise that he/she is an Independent Basic Horse Boy Method Practitioner and can advertise that he/she is running Horse Boy Method Sessions with one family at a time. CANNOT advertise that he/she is running Horse Boy Method Playdate with more than one family or camps applying Horse Boy Method or Independent Horse Boy Camps or trains people in Horse Boy Method.
ADVERTISING RULES: Can advertise that he/she is an Independent 1* Star Horse Boy Method

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.718832
Retrieved Text: AutismWonderland: Falling Back. Moving Forward.
For me, falling back an hour makes a huge difference. I feel like I'm getting something for nothing.
Anyway...The Boy had a play date with his favorite Little Lady at Van Cortlandt Park. Little Lady is about a year younger than The Boy. And she is one of the few children that The Boy connects with. At one point, Little Lady had run off and The Boy yelled out to her. "Come here, let's go down the slide." And those little moments, give me such joy.
When The Boy wasn't running after Little Lady, he was actually riding his scooter. We've had this scooter for almost two years and he's never really gotten the concept of it. Today was the first time he was able to do it! He was really trying, looking down at his feet. Remembering to put on foot down, pushing himself and balancing. It may not seem like a big deal to most parents, but trust me when I say - It's a BIG DEAL!
Today may have been a day of falling back. But The Boy is definitely moving forward.
What's a Sunday like in your City? Unknown Mami wants to know! Go on over to Sundays In My City.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.711058
Retrieved Text: Jassi Chhokar - the boy who debuted with single track 'Weekend' in the music of Badshah, is ready to bang with 'Brown Kudi'. Music of the song is composed by Beat Minister and Lyrics are penned down by one of the finest songwriter Veet Baljit.
Jassi Chhokar - the boy who debuted with single track 'Weekend' in the music of Badshah, is ready to bang with 'Brown Kudi'. Music of the song is composed by Beat Minister and Lyrics are penned down by one of the finest songwriter Veet Baljit. Music video is directed by Robby Singh.
Here is the first look of Brown Kudi, stay tuned with us, Full track releasing soon!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.673517
Retrieved Text: Lee Taemin of Shinee return with a New Single “Truth” which actually Produced by Jayrah Gibson, VMP, J.C. Chasez while the latest track was dedicated in his debut solo album called “Want” in which he serves as the make, main dancer, and a vocalist.
Last year 2018 The long-running boy band’s latest release, The Story Of Light’ EP.2 : The 6th Mini Album, debuts at No. 4 on Billboard’s World Albums chart. The new set sold 1,000 copies in the week ending June 14, according to Nielsen Music. A few rungs down the tally, the group’s Story Of Light’ EP.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.457546
Retrieved Text: (1950) Don Harvey, Forrest Taylor, Alyce Louis. A big game hunter is hired to track down a missing boy who's grown up wild in the jungle. He befriends the young jungle boy and prevents him from being taken into captivity. Has a real schlocky, b&w 'B' movie feel to it. Fun. From 16mm.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.384798
Retrieved Text: Boy oh boy, are you in for a treat! We somehow managed to get everyone in a room to watch a bad martial arts film from the 80s, and we watched the legendary Gymkata!
This is a track meant to run in tandem of watching the movie, because you will barely be able to hear only parts of the film and we’ll queue you when to hit play.
It runs the whole length of the film and we don’t stop it for a pee break, so neither should you. I guess this is a disclaimer : pee before you settle in to watch this movie with our stupidity running in the background.
Why did we do this? Exactly.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.337069
Retrieved Text: A farmer had some puppies he needed to sell. He painted a sign advertising the 4 pups and set about nailing it to a post on the edge of his yard. As he was driving the last nail into the post, he felt a tug on his overalls.
He looked down into the eyes of a little boy.
The boy dropped his head for moment. Then reaching deep into his pocket, he pulled out a handful of change and held it up to the farmer.
“Sure,” said the farmer. And with that he let out a whistle. “Here, Dolly!” he called.
Out from the doghouse and down the ramp ran Dolly followed by four little balls of fur.
The little boy pressed his face against the chain link fence. His eyes danced with delight. As the dogs made their way to the fence, the little boy noticed something else stirring inside the dogkennel.
With that, the little boy stepped back from the fence, reached down, and began rolling up one leg of his trousers. In doing so, he revealed a steel brace running down both sides of his leg attaching itself to a specially made shoe.
With tears in his eyes, the farmer reached down and picked up the little pup.
Holding it carefully, he handed it to the little boy.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.316412
Retrieved Text: Noble Indy set the early pace. Mendelssohn was stalking Mendelssohn through the first part of the race. Firenze Fire caught the leaders at the 3/4 pole and was able to draw off down the lane to win by nine lengths. Seven Trumpets out kicked Mendelssohn for second by a 1/2 length. Mendelssohn was the favorite. Running time- 1:33.74.
Shaft of Light set the pace for the first half mile. Eye Luv Lulu moved to the front around the turn for home. Limousine Liberal and Whitmore engaged Eye Luv Lulu near the 1/16 marker. Limousine Liberal was able to hold off Whitmore at the wire for a neck victory. Limousine Liberal was the favorite. Running Time – 1:21.53.
Limousine Liberal qualified for the Breeders’ Cup TwinSpires Sprint by winning the Belmont Sprint Championship Stakes ,Grade II.
Race 8.Belmont Oaks Invitational Stakes, Grade I on Turf. For three-year-old fillies at 1 1/4 miles on turf. Purse $1,000,000.
Diversify set the early pace and took control of the race around the final turn. He drew off from the field to win by 6 1/2 lengths. The Lieutenant and Discreet Lover dueled for second down the stretch. Tapwrit was the favorite and finished fifth behind Hopperunity. Running Time – 1:59.84.
Analyze It and Catholic Boy dueled each other throughout the entire race. Catholic Boy took a small lead down the back stretch over Analyze It. Analyze It moved passed Catholic Boy near the eight pole. Catholic Boy came back and was able to catch Analyze It near the wire for a nose victory. Analyze It

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.203016
Retrieved Text: Boy George and Culture club have unveiled a powerful music video for their single ‘Life’.
Shot by Rankin, the visual sees Boy George wearing his heart on his sleeve by delivering a heartfelt and emotional performance piece. He begins the visual armed with his striking trademark makeup and hat combo, yet as things progress, we see George stripped of his signature style, leaving him bare faced and hat-less.
It is during these scenes that the emotional element of the visual is heightened, with George unveiling his vulnerability whilst tears fall down his face. The visual in its entirety is a captivating offering which perfectly reflects the raw yet hopeful message of the song.
Speaking about the inspiration behind the track, Boy George said: “John Lennon said ‘LIFE’ is what happens while you are busy doing other things, but sometimes you have to stop and look with sadness and pride at what you have done and created in your own life and value the rich complexity of it!
Check out the music video for ‘Life’ below.
Boy George and Culture Club will be performing ‘Life’ on The Graham Norton Show on Friday (December 21). The track is taken from their sixth studio album, also called Life, which was released back in October.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.110231
Retrieved Text: After hitting the British underground scene back in 2015, a hype grew rapidly for the punk-hip hop offerings of Rat Boy (aka Jordan Cardy). Enough for Kendrick Lamar to sample him in Lust from 2017’s DAMN. Early work also caught the attention of long-term inspirational source and L.A. punk veteran, Tim Armstrong (Rancid, Operation Ivy, Transplants), who decided to team up with and produce Cardy’s sophomore LP, Internationally Unknown.
In Internationally Unknown, Rat Boy strips back the loosely skate-punk dynamics of 2017 debut LP Scum, building on an organic blend of carefree, attitude soaked punk and some dope hip hop beats for a neat fusion of the duo. There’s defiant vocals over a brew of anthemic punk and energetic hip hop pieces, with some distinct scatterings of two-tone ska and reggae flavours throughout.
Stylistically, it’s reminiscent of early Rat Boy, but that British punk sound of earlier releases has evolved into a more Cali punk influenced sound. It’s different but existing fans are unlikely to be disappointed.
From energetic bratty, opener Chip On My Shoulder, Internationally Unknown is an eclectic selection of tracks that epitomize the individuality of punk and hip hop. The punk rock roots of the album are dominant in opener Chip On My Shoulder and throughout in tracks like Flies, eponymous track Internationally Unknown or So What.
On the other hand, chilled-out Night Creature (feat Aimee Interrupter of the Interrupters) sees things toned down for more of a dancehall skank vibe. My Name Is Ray Boy shifts closer to reggae beats with some sinister guitar work, while

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.090298
Retrieved Text: People adore Labradors. They love their sweet loyal personality. Labs want nothing more than to please their owners.
This sweet black lab, John Boy, had some trouble finding a home. Three people previously owned John Boy before he found his forever home.
Driving down County Line Road one day, Germantown police officer Jeff Gonzalez saw something that caught his eye. He saw John Boy frantically running and barking, trying to get anybody’s attention. The officer realized the pup was in urgent need of help.
The officer followed John Boy who led him straight to the front porch of the pups house. Gonzalez saw John Boy’s owner, lying slumped in the chair and unresponsive. Jeff Gonzalez estimated that Krystal was sitting there in the 3-degree weather for almost an hour.
The doctors in the emergency room determined that Krystal would be fine.
Many call Gonzalez a hero, but he says he doesn’t want that. John Boy saved his owner’s life.
After running tests on her, the doctors determined Krystal has a heart condition.
This intelligent loving pooch was a hero without a cape for his owner! Do You Agree? Like and Share with others to spread this heroic tale.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.064054
Retrieved Text: Young And Menace – Fall Out Boy Video Song Listen and read lyrics. Young And Menace – Fall Out Boy Full Music Out Now Listen, Young And Menace – Fall Out Boy Audio Video Song lsiten from bbcsongs bookmark this site.
“Young And Menace” Sung By Fall Out Boy Music Composed Fall Out Boy Lyrics Penned Fall Out Boy Album M A N I A Featuring Fall Out Boy Latest Single track Listen and read lyrics,Fall Out Boy – Young And Menace 2017 track audio/video listen full, Fall Out Boy – Young And Menace full video song listen & share.
“Fall Out Boy” working on his new project Fall Out Boy Usa English Singer New Music release “Young And Menace” Track 2017 This Song Composed By Fall Out Boy and Lyrics given Andrew Hurley, Joe Trohman, Patrick Stump & Pete Wentz Video Produced & Director Fall Out Boy, Young And Menace Music Full Listen with lyrics Music Label: Fall Out Boy Official Youtube Chennel.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.011791
Retrieved Text: A teenage boy is being treated in hospital after a sheep fell on him while walking in the Mournes.
The Mourne Mountain Rescue Team found the casualty on steep ground at Slieve Bearnagh after being called to the scene late on Friday afternoon.
The boy had been walking with a group in the Hare&apos;s Gap area, often considered the most dramatic mountain pass in the Mournes, Co Down . A sheep is believed to have fallen from an adjacent crag.
The 17-strong rescue team was called to scene shortly before 4.30pm and stood down at 8pm after the boy was transferred to hospital.
"When packaged, the casualty was evacuated by stretcher to track access and a team vehicle. After a short transfer to road access, the casualty was handed over to the Northern Ireland Ambulance Service for further treatment and the onward journey to Hospital.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.935192
Retrieved Text: Villa Old Boy running with the world’s elite!
Posted November 23, 2018 in News.
Villanova Old Boy Callum Davies has competed at the World U20 IAAF Championships in Finland. Callum was an outstanding AIC cross country and track and field athlete in his time at Villanova College. Callum was only one of two athletes chosen to represent Australia in the U20 1500m event. Callum won one of the lead up races going into the champs in Germany. Callum ran in Heat 3 of the World’s running a PB of 3.46.32 – a time good enough to get him a place in the final (the only Australian). The final was a star studded event which included the 2018 Open Mens Indoor and the 2018 Open Mens European 1500m champions. Callum ran 3.46.35, just short of his PB heat time and he placed 11th in the final. The IAAF described the final as “the best field ever assembled in an U20 1500 final”. What a phenomenal achievement, congratulations Callum!! AIC wishes you all the best for your future in running.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.892075
Retrieved Text: Karen Civil sits down with Lloyd Banks as The Hunger For More 2 prepares to drop on November 23rd on G-Unit/EMI. Platinum Boy Music producer Buda Da Future & GrandzMuzik get confirmed as producing a track on this forthcoming album.
We at Platinum Boy Music congratulate Buda Da Future & GrandMuzik on this crowning achievement.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.884453
Retrieved Text: If you happened to hit your punk phase any time in the last 10 years, or really were anywhere but under a rock in the mid to late 2000s, you’re probably familiar with Fall Out Boy. But if you’re not, let me be the first to introduce you to the punk-pop culture phenomenon that they are. Formed in 2001, the band has seen a few changes in their lineup, but are now made up of Patrick Stump (lead vocals and rhythm guitar), John Trohman (lead guitar and backing vocals), Pete Wentz (bass and backing vocals), and Andy Hurley (drums). Each brings not only their amazing talents, but also a vivacious energy to the group.
Fans got their first sneak peek at the group’s latest album, “M A N I A,” in April of 2017, after a trailer and some cryptic tweets. The single “Young and Menace” hit the scene with a deep thundering boom. Very unlike any of the group’s previous releases, “Young and Menace” starts off slow and surreal before bringing in a familiar beat, only to tear you in an entirely different direction about a minute in with an electric overlay and wild beats. The track was somewhere in the neighborhood of Fall Out Boy, at the new intersection of pop and… dubstep? It took me a few listens before really coming to love this song, even though it was completely unexpected.
Over the following months, Fall Out Boy dropped a few other teaser tracks from the album, stringing their fans along with tantalizing tidbits. And

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.858717
Retrieved Text: Exclusive in-depth interview with Hit Boy. In part 2 Hit Boy talks to Nick Huff Barili about growing up mainly with his Mom and 2 Sisters. “I definitely had to grow up a lot faster and I had to learn how to be the man of the house. I had to learn how to take care of myself and protect my Mom and my Sisters.” Hit Boy adds “Its great now cause me and Dad…He is out now [of Jail] and we are building a good relationship.” Hit says that the song “Running in Place” which talks about his father was one of the earlier tracks he recorded for HITstory. “It was something that was just in me.” Hit Boy goes on to talk about when things were going slow for him in 2009 and he only got one placement (with Mary J Blige) the whole year. His friend Ester Dean played him the dvd for The Secret and it helped change his perspective on things. “All I did was change my mental. I started to wake up every morning and say this is going to be the greatest day of my life and I would just appreciate the smallest thing….I’ve been that way since 09 and my life has completely changed.” As the interview continues Hit talks about a beat he made in 2007 that he wanted to give to Kanye West. Hit Boy carried around the beat with him until one day he met Kanye West when Ye came to the studio Hit was

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.787027
Retrieved Text: Nigerian Afro-fusion artist Burna Boy yesterday, released his Outside Album via Bad Habit.
The 13 track project was preceded by the now popping singles “Sekkle Down” ft. J Hus, “Koni Baje,” and “Heaven’s Gate” ft. Lily Allen which were are accompanied with a music video.
Burna Boy recently had a private listening party in Lagos on Sunday 21st January 2018 at the WeRe House Lekki, Lagos and during the week at The Curtain Hotel, London where he shared the “Outside” experience with fans and celebrity guests with songs off the album.
In May 2017, Burna Boy headlined his first US show at the PlayStation Theatre, and in November 2017, he sold out a 5,000 seat show at the Apollo Eventim Theatre in London. He was recently featured on Drake’s More Life project on the track titled “Get It Together” ft. Jorja Smith which has been featured on multiple episodes of OVO Sound Radio.
Listen to ‘Outside Album’ here – https://Atlantic.lnk.to/OutsidePR.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.729557
Retrieved Text: Sparkling Adventures -✯- A toddler's entertainment is . . .
A toddler's entertainment is . . .
. . . another toddler!
Yesterday evening, as Aïcha and I visited a supermarket, there was a boy in a trolley who was very tired & very hungry & very loud.
Aïcha found him fascinating, from the sounds of his wailing to the dummy that sometimes stayed in his mouth.
We surreptitiously followed the boy & his mum up and down the aisles so Aïcha could keep watching him.
At the check-out and driving back home, Aïcha talked non-stop about the boy, how he was crying, was tired, left in his car to go to his house, etc. Even the check-out chick commented on Aïcha’s one-track mind, saying it was time she learned some new words!
What is a child's understanding of prayer?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.72766
Retrieved Text: Wide-running My Boy Jack should have won – but is he Derby class?
TRC analyst James Willoughby, who is assessing the action on the Road to the Kentucky Derby, weighs up what happened in last Saturday’s Louisiana Derby.
The first of the 100-point bonus races catapulted Noble Indy to the top of the Kentucky Derby point standings. The son of 2012 Florida Derby winner Take Charge Indy – who had been exported to Chile by Noble Indy’s part-owners, WinStar Farm – strengthened Todd Pletcher’s Derby hand, headed by Holy Bull winner Audible and Rebel Stakes hero Magnum Moon, among others.
Noble Indy had played up in the paddock prior to his two-length third to the Wayne Lukas-trained Bravazo in the Risen Star last month. Fitted with blinkers, he responded well to get the better of a driving finish with Lone Sailor, the latter becoming just the latest runner to bolster the form of last year’s G2 Kentucky Jockey Club Stakes, in which he finished fifth to Godolphin’s Enticed.
While Noble Indy deserved the win, he probably would not have got a shot at it had third-placed My Boy Jack saved ground.
We had raved about the Desormeaux brothers’ handling of the talented closer My Boy Jack after his win in the G3 Southwest Stakes at Oaklawn. This time, however, jockey Kent rather let trainer Keith down with a ride of notable profligacy on the son of Creative Cause, sweeping about as wide off the home turn as any contender for a Derby trial has in the last few years.
My Boy Jack

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The boy lifts his body above the height of a pole. The boy lands on his back on to a red mat. the boy... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: turns his body around on the mat.

Ending 2: gets up from the mat.

Ending 3: continues to lift his body over the pole.

Ending 4: wiggles out of the mat.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.90241
Retrieved Text: Because his room is a mess.
His chest puffed with air.
Arms lifted off the sides of his body.
He stands tall, threatening, intimidating.
Brad lifts himself off his bed.
Plants his feet firmly on his bedroom floor.
And looks his dad in the eyes.
Surprised, Rudy has nothing to say.
Is taken aback by the fact that his son is no longer a little boy.
A boy that needs to be told what to do.
Rudy stomps his heavy feet out of the room.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.74987
Retrieved Text: Joel Kinnaman weight, height and age. We know it all!
Joel Kinnaman looks like an ideal man from a woman’s dream. He is tall, he is extremely strong and he looks so reliable, that every lady, who looks at him, imagines herself behind his huge back.
He is a world known star, which has appeared in such movies as “RoboCop”, “Snabba Cash” and “The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo”. He is busy in numerous upcoming projects. One of them is the most waited movie in 2016 “Suicide Squad”. If you like this actor, you can get the ticket to the nearest movie theater and watch his great body on the big screen.
Many boys want to know, how an actor managed to get so ripped core and bulky legs. Now he spends several hours per day in a gym and trains hard. He lifts weights, jumps on the rope – this is a cardio routine for the fellow – and does many exercises for abs like crunches and side bridges.
He was crazy from sports in his teens and played soccer and football all day long. But he had never done boxing or karate – the actor leant fighting, being a school bully. “Most of my old friends are criminals now”, tells the star in his interview to “Fitness Magazine”.
He spent his childhood at Stockholm streets, being the only boy of four children in his family. He knew from the very childhood, he should protect his sisters and should be a support for them. The boy could fight perfectly and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.579224
Retrieved Text: You would have thought survival instinct will always kick in and protect us from danger in the last second, but something was amiss in this child and we don’t know what.
Since Monday, a viral video has been circulating on Chinese social media platform WeChat which saw a child sticking his body out of the sunroof in a moving vehicle.
The video was taken by a passenger of a trailing car. In it, we could hear the driver and the filmer laughing and joking about the boy being killed by the upcoming low clearance sign on the empty highway. It was all fun and game as they thought it would be impossible for a person to not retract in point of danger. Furthermore, he seemed to be old enough to understand the danger as he seemed like a grown-up, early teen.
“Here comes the blood-splattering moment,” one voice said with a tongue in cheek as the vehicle approached the traffic pole.
Sadly, their senseless jokes came true.
The child remained static and knocked straight to the metal pole in high speed. The filmer was shocked that the child didn’t actually duck in the last second. The footage saw the boy laying backwards while his lower half body still remained in the car.
According to Shanghaiist, it’s reported that the child was 13-year-old and the incident happened in expressway near Jiangxi’s Xinyu city, China, last Sunday (Oct 28). Local media confirmed that the boy was killed by the collision and it was unclear why he didn’t get back down into the car or

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.24086
Retrieved Text: Lita has been traveling these past several months to the plate-shaped ocean world where wizards fly airships between islands that float above the sea. She has returned to her castle now in the northern realms, and ooh boy, does she have a story to tell about her trip.
Time twines differently between here and the land of Clockpunk Wizard. Lita’s trip took her back to when Wizard Kadmeion and his assistant Sir Bright were attending the Agatha University of Magical Arts and Sciences. The boys had not yet met.
Bright had finished his studies—or so he thought. The afternoon before he leaves on his first job as an airship mechanic, an out-of-control magical episode lands him in jail. Meanwhile, Kadmeion returns to the university after a year of field study. The wizardling suffers from Wizard’s Madness, and he is under suspicion in his field mentor’s death. Worst of all, he must pass a class in magical rhyming called Dreadful Poetry while waiting for the Magic Guild’s Inquiry that decides his fate.
While on this trip, Lita had the pleasure of meeting the elder Wizard Morton. This curmudgeon is the head of the Magical Sciences department, and is Kadmeion’s academic advisor.
The guild calls in the elder wizard on Bright’s case. This mundane clockworks graduate had an unexplained wizardly episode, and now the lad’s magic has fled. The irresistible puzzle motivates Morton to get Bright out of jail so the wizard can learn more about Bright’s fickle magic.
Sensing that the lads can help each other, he requires Bright to help the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.338688
Retrieved Text: This week on a very special show Olympic Gold Medalist , Stacy Dragila talks to me about pole vaulting before it became an actual Olympic event, what it felt like jumping the world record, and her world famous pole vault camp. So click on the link to watch the latest episode of Holla Atcha Boy!
Olympic Silver Medalist and World Champion, Lashinda Demus talked to me about injuries and how to come back, gave some advice to the younger athletes, and speaks about what else she's into. Click on the link to watch the latest episode of Holla Atcha Boy!
2xOlympian and World Champion, Jesse Williams talked to me about mental toughness in his career, gave some advice to the younger athletes, and speaks about what else he's into. Click on the link to watch the latest episode of Holla Atcha Boy!
400m World Champion, Tyree Washington talked to me about drugs in the sport, gave some advice to the younger athletes, and speaks about his new company. "Killaroid" Click on the link to watch the latest episode of Holla Atcha Boy!
Olympic Discus Thrower, Lance Brooks speaks to me about his experience at the 2012 Olympic Games. In this interview, Lance gives some advice to the younger athletes, and speaks about what else he's into. Press play on the video above to watch the latest episode of Holla Atcha Boy!
Olympic Silver Medalist, Josh Mance speaks to me about his experience at the 2012 Olympic Games. In this interview, Josh gives some advice to the younger athletes, and speaks about

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.989
Retrieved Text: LEIA is proud to present the ‘Liam Loves’ safety campaign, encouraging children and their families to be safe when using lifts and escalators. LEIA has created a series of fun, free children’s books for young children to enjoy and learn from.
One of LEIA’s key objectives is to provide advice on health, safety and standards and the ‘Liam Loves’ children’s safety campaign highlights our commitment to this cause.
Liam is an inquisitive little boy whose love of exploring can something cause him and his favourite toys to get into mischief.
In the first book, ‘Liam Loves Lifts’, Liam and his toy tiger, Stripey get into a spot of trouble when Stripey’s tail gets caught in the lift’s sliding doors. Stripey’s tail is set free from the lift doors, but is now a little bit squished! Now little Liam knows to be careful when using lifts to keep little fingers, and little tails, safe.
Contact LEIA to request a FREE copy of the book and height chart. Please note that there is a restriction of 1 copy per request, but larger orders can be placed with a cost for delivery. We are able to deliver to UK postal addresses only.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.86062
Retrieved Text: I've seen the Nobility Lie (57cm) and he's absolutely gorgeous. I'm really interested in the shorter SD-sized boys, so I was wondering if there are any other boys out there who're around the 57cm range?
Not sure on his exact height but Volks Magical Michael is shorter than all their other SD10 boys.
Thanks for the help I'll go check 'em out.
The new Obitsu boy bodies are announced to come out at 55cm.
Is that the body only, or is it 55cm including the head?
Really? Does anyone have one to measure?
I wanted a Short SD boy as well.....but a Volks one.
I've held an Elfdoll Wu, and he's DEFINITELY shorter.
Eep! That's just the sort of height I was looking for in a SD boy! Would you happen to have any idea how tall a SD10 boy is supposed to be (since Michael is supposedly shorter)?
Now I have to try and get a magical Michael body. Do you know of anyone who would trade for a SD13(shirou) boy body?
I have a Magical Michael body.
I have 3 Volks SD 10's.
Two F-09 boys - both on LE Michele bodies - they are 57cm..
shannen I Am The Ruder!
angelregion's boys stand at 57cm as well.
I'm not sure about the new DollTi boys.
Yes the DollTi boys - 'D', Woo Yan and Moo Yan are 57cm high (inc. head) but i think they are sold out now. You would have to check the website or eBay to see if any new boys are available.
Aaa, beware those old Shiro-bodies-- his knees are terrible! Even after sueding & restringing!
I

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.81173
Retrieved Text: SNEAK PEEK: "Justice League vs the Fatal Five"
"...in the 31st century, three members of the 'Fatal Five', 'Tharok', 'Persuader' and 'Mano', attack the headquarters of the 'Legion of Super-Heroes', with the aim of capturing their time travel device. 'Star Boy', 'Saturn Girl' and 'Brainiac 5', the only 'Legionnaires' present, try to keep them back but fail.
"Just as the villains activate the device, Star Boy leaps at them and is taken along on their ride back into the 21st century.
"While the time machine descends down to Earth, Star Boy manages to trigger a boobytrap Brainiac 5 has programmed into the device's computer, traping the villains in a stasis field.
"Star Boy lands in 'Gotham City', while the time machine ends up in 'Metropolis'. Star Boy finds to his horror that his only supply of a mind-stabilizing drug he needs regularly has been destroyed by his rough landing.
"During his search for a replacement, which does not exist in this era, his increasingly erratic behavior gets him arrested by 'Batman' and interred in 'Arkham'.
"Then the stasis-locked time machine is picked up by Superman and brought to the Justice League's headquarters for analysis..."

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.72689
Retrieved Text: Three young boys get on my train at around 86th. I guess they're around fifteen, but I'm bad with ages; they could be anywhere from thirteen to seventeen, really. They enter the train pushing and tripping, hurtling and smacking their way across the car like mad little pinballs. I've been on the train with boisterous teens before, but these boys fascinate me. There's this brutality to them, this ragged, caustic energy.
"Yo!" screams the loudest, the smallest of the boys. A skinny brown kid with a long ponytail and a nose ring. He wears wristguards. They all do. "Yo! Imma 'bout to do take a bump right here on this train!"
"No, dude," the others egg him on. "Don't take a bump! Seriously, you gonna take a bump?"
"Imma do it, Imma take a bump right here."
Finally, the quieter, taller boy concedes. "You take a bump, I'll take one too."
What's a bump? I think to myself. Is it... like.... a breakdance move? Is it some kind of flip? I'm fascinated and terrified by this possibility. This boy does not look what he's doing.
He leaps to about the middle of the car, throws his legs out in front of him and... lands directly and squarely on his back. I wince just watching him.
It's not until the taller boy does his "bump," that I realize that landing on one's back is the object and that I had actually witnessed what I can only guess was a perfectly executed bump.
This kid, though, the tiny brown boy, he keeps moving, keeps talking, louder

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.574017
Retrieved Text: This body slam surprised everyone at a March 2 wrestling match in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. Watch as one elementary school kid lifts his opponent over his shoulders and drops him onto the mat. It is unknown whether the boy sustained any major injuries.
For more videos, subscribe to our YouTube.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.570263
Retrieved Text: A Man and his son were once going with their Donkey to market. As they were walking along by its side a countryman passed them and said: "You fools, what is a Donkey for but to ride upon?"
So the Man put the Boy on the Donkey and they went on their way. But soon they passed a group of men, one of whom said: "See that lazy youngster, he lets his father walk while he rides."
So the Man ordered his Boy to get off, and got on himself. But they hadn't gone far when they passed two women, one of whom said to the other: "Shame on that lazy lout to let his poor little son trudge along."
Well, the Man didn't know what to do, but at last he took his Boy up before him on the Donkey. By this time they had come to the town, and the passers-by began to jeer and point at them. The Man stopped and asked what they were scoffing at. The men said: "Aren't you ashamed of yourself for overloading that poor donkey of yoursu and your hulking son?"
The Man and Boy got off and tried to think what to do. They thought and they thought, till at last they cut down a pole, tied the donkey's feet to it, and raised the pole and the donkey to their shoulders. They went along amid the laughter of all who met them till they came to Market Bridge, when the Donkey, getting one of his feet loose, kicked out and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.191345
Retrieved Text: Dragons trying to communicate? In each dream dragons attempt communication. Rather a dragon. Who’s to tell if it is always the same hellish reptile or a separate individual each time? And one becomes two becomes three then four, what is the meaning of that message? The dragon drew a single line in the sand that become many. This syncs up nicely with my search for identity. Am I single or many? Reality is more than what is seen, heard or felt. Chaos theory broke the rule of constants making reality a blur of our imaginings.
My first New York apartment had this bathroom medicine cabinet with three mirrors circa 1949. There was the large middle face with two others hinged on either side. If you closed the two hinged mirrors around your face, its reflection was splintered off infinitely within the three reflective visages. You couldn’t tell which one was you and which the reflection. Is this the meaning of the dragon’s message?
One becomes two becomes three becomes four and so on into infinity. Or was this merely a statement that one cannot stand against many? If so, why not? The boy has yet to lose standing against the ten for as long as I have dreamt of this far off desert setting. Or was it just scratchings in the sand? No. I’ve never had this dream on consecutive nights. Meaning is there only to be mined by the tenacious.
And if there is meaning, from what source? That is what truly interests me. Is this my subconscious

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.080677
Retrieved Text: Looking for custom trailers in Twin Pole? The search is over when you choose The Trailer Boy. I can assist you in finding the perfect one. If you are in need of a car hauler, cargo, dump, enclosed, flatbed, gooseneck, horse, motorcycle, refrigerated, snowmobile or utility trailer in Florida, I can make sure you get exactly what you are looking for. I can promise this because my selection of trailers are fully customizable to your liking. Whether its the length, hitch style, height or something as simple as the color of the outer metal, I commit to providing you with what you need. The Trailer Boy is dedicated to providing our customers with an experience they’ll never forget. I go over and above in everything that I do, including customer service. You can expect professional service from start to finish. Call now for a free consultation over the phone and find out for yourself why we are considered the leading trailer company in the Twin Pole area.
How’s the traffic look in Twin Pole today?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.912796
Retrieved Text: The path is blocked by a long cardboard box. The man wrestles with a plastic boat while a boy watches. “Damn it, if the motor stops when it is out on the water we’re screwed,” the man said. The boy looks at the playground in the distance. He sees boys and girls on the swings.
“Just wait,” the man said. “This will be so cool.” Beads of sweat run down the man’s forehead. His face is starting to get red. “Goddamn it, I can’t get this part to fit,” he said. The boy moves out of the way so walkers can get by.
“Finally,” the man said. He puts the plastic boat in the water. “Watch this,” he said. The boy doesn’t say anything. He tries to pay attention but he keeps hearing the laughter and shouts from the playground.
The man revs the engine of the boat and it shoots through the water. He turns the boat and sends it roaring towards a swan. The swan comes up from its dive for seaweed and it encounters the strange object that races toward it. The swan lifts off just in time. It flies to where its mate is nesting and takes up guard in front of the female.
“Hah, did you see that?” the man said. At that moment a thin woman wearing a beret stops next to the man.
The boy looks up at his Dad. The man turns and stands in front of the woman. He starts to speak. Out of the corner of his eye he sees his

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.766617
Retrieved Text: Diving deeper into the woods the boy is smacked by branches as the darkness of night limits his vision. He follows the path of the breeze that strokes through his face as he enters fight and flight as he senses the source of the tremor which he evaded earlier that night. Rationing the water that he had on hand the boy starts to feel sluggish from the endless sprint. He stops and leans against a tree as he lifts his head upward to catch his breath. He opens his eyes and is able to make out the stars that illuminate the night sky as the clouds disperse.
Ignite Your Flame, Look Upon the Stars!
The boy’s on a roof top one night standing behind someone looking through a telescope. He is indifferent to the beauty of the night, however his companion remains in awe at the sky and says to him, “Those who disparage others have given up and don’t dare to dream. You shouldn’t burnout, strive to reach for the stars.” A star streaks though the backdrop of the navy night which catches the young man’s eye.
A whistle from Zephyrus snaps the boy out of his night daze. With his heart pounding less erratic after the short stop, the boy notices a stream revealed from the starry lights and heads there to full his canteen. Quenching his thirst the young man tries to determine his direction through the stars but night clouds once again veil them. Sorting through his bag the boy calculates how long his supplies

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.75627
Retrieved Text: He stood upon a rocky cliff, face raised to bathe in the soothing light from the full moon above. A strong wind whipped up around him, tossing his unruly hair about, the fierce gust raking strangely gentle fingers through the soft brown strands. He opened his eyes, a small smile curving his lips as he espied the source of the sudden breeze.
Wide violet eyes smiled back at him from a face hidden in shadow. Arms held wide in invitation, the slender figure patiently hovered in front of him, wings flapping steadily in time to the beating of his heart.
He stretched out a hand, their fingers entwining together, and let himself be drawn into the other's arms. His eyes fluttered closed, and he sighed, resting his head against the other's chest. Large leathery wings encircled his body, wrapping themselves around him in a protective embrace.
"Ne, Heero...." his dark angel whispered into his windswept hair.
"Nani?" he mumbled, snuggling closer to the other's warmth.
The young boy jerked upright, wrenched abruptly from his dreaming by the insistent ringing of his alarm clock. Bleary eyes glared daggers at the cheerfully oblivious object, before a strong hand clamped down on it and hurled it across the room. With one last defiant beep, it landed in the hamper, making a quite satisfactorily loud thud as it did so.
Growling like the grumpy, frustrated boy that he was, the blue-eyed youth threw back the covers and stomped off to the bathroom.
Damn, and the dream was just getting to the good part too.
My name is Heero

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.655594
Retrieved Text: "Overkill!" Is the magic word so it counts.
Malibu comics Shazam. A boy that can become a grown superhero.
A boy lifts a Barbell gets struck by lightning and become the adult hero: Captain Barbell. That isn't an accident.
A boy lifts his sword says a word and gets powers. Sound familiar?
Possibly a sixth grader with the powers of a god.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.533875
Retrieved Text: “Oh. Okay. You want me to help you look for her?” He nodded. So, I got up and accompanied him into the Church. He was barely above my knees in height. I noticed he had a lot of gel in his hair; his tuft of blonde hair was combed to stick up in front. He seemed to be less anxious with me by his side.
I went back into the Blessed Sacrament and prayed the Glorious Mysteries.
When Mass started at 11:30am, I happened to sit down in the pew behind the formerly-lost boy, his mother, and older brother who was probably six or seven. The boy and I made eye contact, and I smiled back with recognition.
God bless the mother. She was having a bit of a tough time with her two boys. I wanted to help, but I didn’t think it was my place. The older brother was getting restless and must have injured himself at some point because he started crying loudly.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.36701
Retrieved Text: 5-Year-Old Boy Falls Down From The 3rd Floor!
Novosibirsk, Russia: The boy decided to slide on the railing of the escalator and fell down. Falling from a 12-meter height, he got off with just few bruises. The incident occurred in the trade center �Golden Park� in Novosibirsk. The 5-year-old boy was briefly left without supervision. He decided to depict the flight of his favorite movie hero Batman and fell down from the third floor. Despite the fact that the boy landed on the concrete floor, he escaped with minor injuries. According to Life News, the 37-year-old Tatiana M. came to the shopping mall with her 15-year-old daughter, Olesya and 5-year-old son, Ilya. Few minutes later the bored boy decided to entertain himself. The watchful sister saw Ilia near the escalator and took him, but a minute later the restless child went back to the moving stairs. Impersonating his favorite movie heroes, the kid lay on the rail and slide down. His mother and sister rushed to the boy, grabbed his clothes, but were unable to keep him.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.234562
Retrieved Text: Jacob shivers, for the creeping shadows nibble at the gravestones turning the angel demonic. But he is tired, so tired of running; his rage has brought him this far, now it has fled leaving him an empty shell. He is hungry too, his stomach tight and hurting. He’s not eaten since he left Father’s house- a day ago, or was it longer? Jacob climbs onto the massive stone tomb, lies down and nestles against the angel’s stone wing.
‘I miss you Mama,’ is Jacob’s last thought, before darkness sweeps its cloak over him.
A young, foolhardy fox, lurking in the bushes, saunters up to the tomb, raises a wary paw and sensing the energy pouring out of the granite, scoots back to its lair. No other night time animal comes near. No trees allow their greenery to droop upon the angel’s shoulders. It is an ancient force contained within the stone.
Snow falls, soft as goose feathers, smothering and blurring the landscape, so the boy and the angel become one. Blended. Flesh to stone. Cheek to wing. Velvet waistcoat to feathers.
The sun rises on a chill bleak day, at winter’s tail end. Its rays barely warm the surface frost. Birds peck at the grasses around the sleeping boy, keeping a beady eye on him. None approach. Jacob sleeps as though he is drugged, only a slight movement in his chest betrays his life force. The angel lies staring, blank-eyed for eternity, face unreadable. The stone glows in the setting sun, amber and terracotta, its hidden powers ignited by the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.152416
Retrieved Text: To prepare for the trial ahead, the boy must fast for three days.
On the third day, there is a ceremonial feast that begins the quest. It marks the beginning of the boy’s ascent to manhood and it marks the beginning of the Suburban Vision Quest.
In the lands of suburbia, in the whitest and most complacent of Canadian suburbs, the Suburban Vision Quest has arisen to bring isolated families together so that they can celebrate a child’s elevation to adulthood. It also doubles as a harsh lesson that spoiled suburban kids shouldn’t complain that their house is so big that it needs two Wi-Fi routers. The young men and women of the suburbs fulfill this quest to prove their worth and to prove to their overbearing parents that they are ready to move out.
The Suburban Vision Quest is inspired from the legendary Native vision quests. For in native cultures, when a boy was on the cusp of manhood, he would fast and then enter the wilderness to seek a vision. One which would tell him his purpose in life and the role he must fulfill as a man. And no, it’s not cultural appropriation if it’s done respectfully. The Suburban Vision Quest is borrowed with immense respect, and if anyone living in the suburbs actually knew a native person, they would have asked for their permission. But there don’t seem to be many Native families in the suburbs. Oddly enough.
The practitioners of the Suburban Vision Quest do realize that the Native cultures had a lot going for

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.964523
Retrieved Text: Battle Cry: Always Go In Feet First!
Alexander grew up the youngest, and smallest, in a family of great Russian athletes. His father was their coach. Many family members represented the Soviet Union in the Olympics over the years, and in the off-season, they trained together and put on many exhibitions throughout the country.
One year, they toured North America, where his Father made the decision for the whole family to defect. It was purely out of monetary greed, that the family would participate as athletes in the lucrative professional sports.
Alexander, as the runt, was nothing more than a towel boy or water boy for his older siblings. However, where he wasn't strong in body, he was strong in mind. As such, he often studied the manuals written by a great uncle, a geneticist before such a scientist even had that name. His great uncle studied ancient Egyptian medicine and science, learning many of the great transformations. Alexander learned that through these methods, he could gain the strength he lacked, and earn the respect of his family.
A subtle difference in terms of *Strength*, Alexander did receive a muscular body, but more importantly the nigh invulnerability of the Scarab's exoskeleton armor. Now, Alexander fights crime as a direct contridiction to his capatalist family.
Comments: Alexander is smart, and understands how to use others perceptions of his lack of height against them. He does sometimes run the "short-man" disease, and gets a bit perturbed at anyone who might make fun of his height.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.92844
Retrieved Text: Larry, a local football star, is jogging down the street when he sees a building on fire. A lady is standing on a third story ledge holding her pet cat in her arms.
"Hey, lady", yells Larry, "Throw me the cat!"
"No," she cries, "It's too far!"
"I play football, I can catch him"
The smoke is pouring from the windows, and finally, the woman waves to Larry, kisses her cat goodbye, and tosses it down to the street.
Larry keeps his eye on the cat as it comes hurtling down toward him. The feline bounces off an awning and Larry runs into the street to catch it. He jumps six feet into the air and makes a spectacular one handed catch. The crowd that has gathered to watch the fire breaks into cheers.
Larry does a little dance, lifts the cat above his head, wiggles his knees back and forth, then spikes the cat into the pavement.
Q: What do you call a cow with no legs.
 He stops again and decides to wait until the boy is older.
Why does a blond dog have lumps on his head?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.908997
Retrieved Text: Neely is a three-year-old Wheaton Terrier who has become territorially aggressive after being pepper sprayed by the mail man. Prior to the mailman’s use of the pepper spray, Neely was a happy dog who loved everyone. His owners were hoping I could help Neeley return to being a happy friendly dog.
I took care to use a soft, non-confrontational body language as I walked up the driveway as I could see Neely standing on the couch so he could look out the large window that overlooked the family’s front yard. Dogs make first impressions just like humans do and I wanted to make sure we got off on the right foot.
Fortunately Neely was welcoming to my presence so after letting him give me a respectful sniff, I sat down with his family to discuss how I could help. In the course of our discussion I learned that Neely didn’t have many rules or structure in place to help him know what limits and boundaries his family wanted him to respect.
Because Neely had taken to sitting on the top of the back of the couch so he could look out the window, I suggested that they make all furniture off limits. I made this suggestion for two reasons; first off, dogs equate status and authority by the height at which they sit in conjunction with their peers. By letting him sit at the same height (and sometimes a higher level) than the members of his family, Neely perceived himself on equal footing as the humans in the home.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.80818
Retrieved Text: THE FLUTE is one of two picture books published by Chinua Achebe in 1977 (for information on the other, see The Drum). Like The Drum, The Flute is an adaptation of a traditional Igbo folktale.
A man takes his family of two wives--the senior wife with many children and the other wife with just one--to work on their distant farm at the border of the human and the spirit lands. They are careful to return home before nightfall when the spirits come out to tend their own crop of yams. Upon returning home, however, the only son of the younger wife finds that he has forgotten his flute in the fields. It is a flute he made with his own hands, and he is determined to retrieve it despite his parents' pleas to stay home.
When he reaches the farm, the spirits are indeed out. Their leader speaks: "'Taa! Human boy! Who sent you here? What are you looking for? Foolish fly that follows the corpse into the ground, did nobody tell you that we are abroad at this time?'"
The boy explains he has returned for his flute that he made with his own hands. The spirit asks if he would know this flute when he saw it, and the boy answers yes. The spirit leader then produces a golden flute, which the boy rejects, a shining flute, which the boy rejects, and finally the boy's beaten bamboo flute, which he claims.
The spirit leader demands a song.
The spirits are pleased and offer the boy one of two pots.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.778793
Retrieved Text: Since it was first published, The Polar Express has become a Christmas classic. Chris Van Allsburg, the author and illustrator, has received numerous accolades for this heartwarming Christmas story, including the prestigious Randolph Caldecott Medal, awarded in 1986 for the quality of the illustrations in this picture book. While on one level, The Polar Express is the story of a little boy's magical train ride to Santa's workshop at the North Pole, on another level it's a story about the power of faith and belief. We recommend The Polar Express for children five and older as well as teens and adults.
The narrator, an old man, shares his memories of the magical Christmas experience he had as a boy and its life-long impact. Almost all of the story takes place on a dark and snowy night. Van Allburg’s dark, yet luminous illustrations, create an atmosphere of mystery and anticipation.
It’s Christmas Eve. The young boy can’t sleep. Although his friend insists, “There is no Santa,” the boy is a believer. Rather than sleeping, he is very quietly listening, hoping to hear the sounds of Santa’s sleigh bells. Instead, late at night, he hears some different sounds, sounds that draw him to the bedroom window to see what’s causing them.
Is it a dream or is there really a train outside his house? Wrapped in his robe and slippers, the boy goes downstairs and outside. There the conductor is calling, “All Aboard.” After asking the boy if he’s coming, the conductor explains that the train is the Polar Express, the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.750977
Retrieved Text: The quality of life for most adults after undergoing three surgeries in less than three years is greatly impacted. However, a nearly 3-year-old boy from Providence, R.I., is thriving in spite of receiving three very complex heart surgeries to correct for his hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS).
“Daniel has fared incredibly well throughout his multiple procedures—better than most undergoing such complex operations—which shows his strength and tenacity,” says Christopher Baird, MD, director of the Congenital Heart Valve Program at Boston Children’s Hospital.
This is truly impressive because he has been struggling with a heart defect since birth. In fact, he was diagnosed with HLHS at 36 hours of life in a newborn nursery in Providence. Baird performed Daniel’s first open heart surgery at Boston Children’s when he was 4 days old. This procedure, the Sano modification of the Norwood procedure, involves the placement of a conduit between the pulmonary artery and the right ventricle, which serves to make the right ventricle the main pumping chamber for blood flow to the body.
Even though the second procedure is typically performed on HLHS patients between 4 and 6 months old, Baird was able to perform the Glenn open heart surgery on Daniel at 3 months. This operation guides blood flow from the baby’s upper body straight into the lungs by making a connection between the vein carrying blood back to the heart from the head and arms and the pulmonary artery.
Daniel was able to wait for another 17 months before his final procedure when 2 years old. Dr. Baird performed the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.74919
Retrieved Text: Once there was a baby boy. He was an intense and passionate baby. Before he was born, a couple of weeks before his official due date, his mother sensed that he wasn’t yet ready to be born. She could feel that he needed a little more time, just a bit more, so that all his nerves would knit together and he would be ready for the outside world, with its unpredictable loud noises and its occasional bright lights and the sensation of air all about.
But the baby was born anyway, despite his mother’s sense that just a little more time would have been a good thing. He took a long time entering the world – three days – and by the time he made it they, they being others who were not his mother, felt that extra caution was necessary in case he was sick after his long and difficult journey.
So in went the tubes and on went monitors and there he lay in a bright room with a paper cup taped to the top of his head. His mother held him in her arms in a rocking chair and fed him, and a few days later home he went, minus the tubes and the paper cup.
Soft lights. Quiet. Tight swaddling in a baby blanket. Constant touch. These were things that he seemed to crave.
Many years later his mother thinks of the word “swaddle” and can feel her hands moving invisibly: smooth out the square of flannel, fold down one corner, lay the baby diagonally down,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.72592
Retrieved Text: Nacer Bouhanni (Cofidis & France) looks ordinary in this company and we at last caught a glimpse of Dan McLay (Fortuneo & GB) in eighth; but Kittel was in a different class despite an anything but text book lead out.
None of the teams have been producing Vanderaerden/Cipo/Cav/HTC leadouts and today was no exception – no one was ‘dropped off neatly’ – more a ‘stramash’ of a finish as they say in Scotland.
Kittel came from way back, around 10th spot, displaying dynamic acceleration to leave all the big names flat footed in his wake, repeating Zabel’s German Troyes win in 2000.
No l’Équipe yesterday for VeloVeritas but we got one today, Sagan is top of the front page with all manner of Peter pics inside, including an ‘exclusif’ selfie.
It’ll be interesting to see what they say about him tomorrow’s edition – from Head Boy to School Bully overnight; maybe the commissaires will want to talk to his parents about that Cavcident he was involved in?
You have to admire Bora though, they’ve been on to CAS [The Court of Arbitration for Sport] stating their argument that the Slovak should be allowed back into the race because the judges did not allow him to state his case.
Of course, it can’t ‘fly’ because now he’s missed two stages but it keeps the Bora-Hansgrohe name grabbing the column inches.
Sagan’s DQ is a huge PR blow to the team – all the pressure now lands upon skinny Pole Rafa Majka; who looks in decent nick and will no doubt be points hunting come

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.576668
Retrieved Text: It was early in the morning (before 6am) but I caught you!
At Dulles airport this morning, a man in a yellow jacket and white hat was traveling with what appeared to be a group of family members. There was a little boy in the group who drove his suitcase right through a set of lane dividers, knocking down one of the posts.
The momma in me wanted to say, ‘boy come back and pick that up’ in a less than kind tone.
But the man in the yellow jacket did the kind thing – he let the little boy continue walking with the group and he picked the pole up himself (and didnt even follow up with a mean look at the little boy).

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The boy lands on his back on to a red mat. The boy gets up from the mat. the boy... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: starts doing spins.

Ending 2: celebrates by clapping and flexing both arms.

Ending 3: is dancing on the mat.

Ending 4: does jump jacks on his stick.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 50.683426
Retrieved Text: cat play tent mat activity center with hang toys outdoor bed for pop up.
cat play tent portable folding indoor outdoor pet puppy dog pen pop up fabric zipped rabbit pig exercise playpen fence playhutr pj masks car.
cat play tent pet bed toys blanket house furniture with ball red uk.
cat play tent washable 8 side cage pet dog exercise pens crate playpen home garden pop up.
cat play tent wholesale pet dog supplies playing scratch board mat bed mobile activity pop up.
cat play tent pet playing bed mat interactive fun be sure to check out this awesome product is an affiliate link boy.
cat play tent tunnel toy training intelligent toys funny kitten.
cat play tent pet dog toy bed activity funny toys kitten puppy exercise pad cushion gift p j masks 167pjm catboy pop up.
cat play tent pop up.
cat play tent pet funny toys beetle print kitten dog activity playing toy bed pad mat house with bells ball in from home garden p j masks 167pjm catboy pop up.
cat play tent cute pet bed toys portable hammock breathable mat playhut pj masks car.
cat play tent pet supplies toys special cats fun folded outdoor p j masks 167pjm catboy pop up.
cat play tent mat zebra print cartoon with dangle toys pet interactive car.
cat play tent funny pet tunnel nest toys holes house kitten toy bulk rabbit with ball dog and outdoor.
cat play tent premium outdoor tunnel instant setup large pet with 4 entrances playhutr pj masks car.
cat play tent new ladybug fleece pet products dog toys uk.
cat play tent zebra

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.447926
Retrieved Text: baby kataloge kostenlos bestellen kind in baby katalog kostenlos bestellen.
baby care play mat foam baby play mat truck floor mats floor mats at baby play mat foam puzzle mat baby care play mat foam floor rug countrytown large blue.
modern baby bedding sets modern baby bedding crib sets carousel designs pink and gray traditions bedding modern baby crib bedding sets.
baby acid reflux pillow wedge pillow for acid baby pillows by baby wedge pillow with adjustable safety belt light wedge pillow for acid baby baby acid reflux pillow wedge.
baby boy room decor airplane room decor bedroom small images of best baby boy ideas on accessories diy wall decor for baby boy room.
cool baby boy rooms boy room colors baby boy room color baby boy room baby boy room themes 8 baby boy room colors baby baby boy room decoration pinterest.
custom baby blanket baby pink hibiscus custom baby blanket loading zoom custom baby blankets with names.
rainbow baby blanket honeycomb baby blanket free knitting pattern rainbow dust baby blanket knitting pattern.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.092854
Retrieved Text: Promise, Texas is no place to raise a family. The fields are dry, businesses are failing, and the kids can’t wait to grow up and move away. Some folks say the town is cursed. Just when things are at their darkest, a mysterious boy wanders out of the wilderness with nothing but the clothes on his back and a strange mat tucked under his arm. He has a message for the people of Promise, but it’s hard for some to receive. When the boy demonstrates the love of God through signs and wonders, they begin to discover the power of prayer.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.986404
Retrieved Text: At the well, men were tying a teenage boy around Mouheini’s age onto a rope. The girls drew nearer to watch as the boy was lowered into the bowels of the earth; he was being sent into the well to dig the bottom deeper, in the hope that more water would seep through. The process seemed interminable, and Mouheini felt badly for the boy. “If it’s hot up here,” she told herself, “I can only imagine what the heat must be like so deep into the earth!” Just the thought of it made her shudder. They watched and waited, but nothing happened for quite some time. So, they returned to their mat beside the acacia tree, to snack on their food.
After a while, the men holding the rope felt tugging from the bottom; it was a signal for them to lug the boy back up. Several men began pulling on the rope, when suddenly the one nearest the well yelled frantically, “Pull harder, pull harder, the rope is being dragged back in. Pull harder!” Five more men joined, but all were being drawn into the well. One man hollered “keep pulling!” while another screamed, “the well is caving in!” The girls watched this dreadful scene in horror.
Ten minutes later, the men were still desperately trying to retrieve the boy, but it was too late. The boy had been buried alive. “How could this be possible?” Mouheini asked herself. Less than a half hour earlier, the boy had been standing in front of them. He could not

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.629715
Retrieved Text: boys play mat grid cats and home improvement loans nj.
boys play mat farm yard kids large road field bedroom rug rugs grass home improvement stores thailand.
boys play mat baby hopscotch game kids activity gym children adventure rug city road carpet room crawling blanket large child home improvement cast deaths.
boys play mat adding this one to my list of gifts year the would home improvement loans usaa.
boys play mat car racing circuit urban road traffic baby mats crawling rug carpet educational toys for kids masters home improvement catalogue.
boys play mat baby boy floor mats girl joint flooring wound home improvement stores around me.
boys play mat little people wheelies mega 2 cars fisher price girls free ship home improvement thrift stores near me.
boys play mat race track roll up pockets for toys car personalized boy gift quilt road home improvement loans bad credit.
boys play mat cars rug racetrack game lightning car new 3 home improvement license requirements nj.
boys play mat tights grey unisex blanket pram cotton for and girls new home improvement contractor license ny state.
boys play mat toddler floor rabbit newborn baby blanket mats bedding girls carpet creeping in home improvement contractor n.
boys play mat knitted carpet game pad kids baby crawling blanket girl children indoor playing toys decoration home improvement stores uk.
boys play mat baby boy girls toddler stunning animal musical round indoor thicken home improvement license nj renewal.
boys play mat cotton baby kids warm anti slip floor cute bunny home improvement thrift stores near me.
boys play mat crawling puzzle for diameter cm new home improvement

########
Rank: 5
Score: 48.619225
Retrieved Text: Douglas Booth has said he was nervous about kissing Mat Horne for a forthcoming Boy George drama.
The 17-year-old actor plays the Culture Club singer in BBC Two drama Worried About The Boy, while Gavin And Stacey star Mat plays drummer Jon Moss, who had a relationship with Boy George.
He continued: “Before it, because I’ve never done a screen kiss before let alone kissed a guy, so I was like, ‘where’s this going to take me, what’s going to happen?’.
Worried About The Boy is on BBC Two on May 16.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.60907
Retrieved Text: finger holder for iphone 7 and 7 plus ring holder.
ladder hanger hooks ladder hanger rustic ladder.
how to save pepper seeds image titled save tomato and pepper seeds from a garden step 6 can you dry pepper seeds saving pepper seeds to plant next year.
cap ferrat naples library cap pelican bay.
metal gear rising xbox 360 metal gear rising e skin metal gear rising xbox 360 konami code cheats para metal gear rising xbox 360.
self inflating mat self inflating travel hiking camping mat sleeping bag mattress airbed pad in camping mat from sports entertainment on.
boy bedroom rug kid bedroom rug boy bedroom rugs flannel cartoon carpets for living room boys bedroom rugs and toddler boy room rugs boy room rugs.
vacuum food sealers professional vacuum sealer with vacuum canisters vacuum food sealer best consumer reports food vacuum sealer amazon uk.
gas in orlando gas in spectra gas ran white east gas prices map.
tiffany style ceiling fans with lights good ceiling fans with style lights and ceiling outstanding craftsman style ceiling fan cool craftsman.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.938896
Retrieved Text: Mat’s down with the sickness but has arisen from his cold-induced coma long enough to speak about 1469 Neo Atlas and Dead or Alive 5: Last Round. Tom’s been into Wayforward’s excellent Justice League Heroes: The Flash on the GBA, Until Dawn and buying some new games at the flea market!
On a bumper TMA, the boys discuss Owl Boy, Resident Evil 2, KOIHIME ENBU RYORAIRAI and Dead or Alive 6. Of course, Mat has been playing more Apex Legends, which leads into a discussion about the current media landscape, not to mention the boys discussing the pros and cons of physical games in the wake of Tom’s latest Limited Run purchase!
On yet another TMA Cast, the boys discuss the Anthem VIP Demo, Mat’s been annoyed at English VO in Dragon Quest XI and Tom’s loving the complexities of Fighting Layer EX! Besides that it’s the usual what we’ve been buying and playing!
On this, the first of 2019’s TMA Casts, Mat has been torturing himself with Red Dead, while Tom has been playing some Horizon: Zero Dawn and the Resident Evil 2 Demo! The boys then get a little into what they want from open world games, fighting games and the worth of indie games in the sea of Triple A’s.
On a choc-a-bloc TMA, the boys discuss a million games! Gris, The Messenger, Soul Calibur VI, Dragon Ball Fighterz, Moonlighter, Playstation VR, Horizon Shift ’81 and many, many more! It’s a bumper episode for sure, so tuck in!
On this week’s TMA, the boys discuss Red Dead Redemption

########
Rank: 8
Score: 46.645607
Retrieved Text: The front door shut with a soft click, and Dana Petersen didn’t even turn from stirring the vegetables, “Take your shoes off Ali.” She heard the thud of her daughter’s shoes hitting the mat, and then the thud of someone else’s following suit. The sound made Dana put down the spoon, and move to the open doorway. Catalina froze in mid step, her hand wrapped tightly around the hand of a little boy that Dana had never seen before. He was shivering, and clearly hadn’t eaten well in a while, as even under the mud streaking his face she could see how gaunt he was. “Who are you?” she asked, bending so that she could make eye contact with the little boy.
“He’s my friend,” Catalina piped up before he could speak.
“Harvey Fyre,” the little boy mumbled in a low voice, his gaze fixed on his hand, that was linked with Catalina’s.
“Okay.” Catalina tightened her grasp on Harvey’s hand, as the two children went upstairs. The little boy was propelled along by her daughter in the wake of Catalina’s habitual energetic stride.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.60596
Retrieved Text: sams club office chairs office chair la z boy office chair office chair fantastic la z boy office chairs office chair sams club lazy boy office chair.
sams club office chairs club office furniture club office chairs worthy office chair club about remodel interior design for sams club office guest chairs.
sams club office chairs club office chairs club office furniture medium size of office wood office chair club office sams wholesale club office chairs.
sams club office chairs lazy boy office chairs club images lazy boy lazy boy desk chair sams club office guest chairs.
sams club office chairs flax office chairs club furniture big and tall medium size of wood chair online sams club lazy boy office chair.
sams club office chairs club office chairs desk chair office chair club club office chair mats office chair mat sams club.
sams club office chairs desk chairs lazy boy desk chair desk chair new chairs reclining chairs lazy boy desk desk chairs sams wholesale club office chairs.
sams club office chairs club office chair club desks club office chair good desk chairs luxury office chair rural office chair mat sams club.
sams club office chairs medium size of lazy boy office chairs club la z chair reviews big and tall sams club office guest chairs.
sams club office chairs club office furniture club office chair cool desk chairs la z boy office chair amazon club office sams club lazy boy office chair.
sams club office chairs club office chair charming club office chairs club furniture club furniture large size of office club chair rental club office

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.59858
Retrieved Text: Edward Mason stood with his back to the audience, dancing back and forth on his toes as he sized up the lumbering man standing across from him. Last minute fights paid better, but they left little time for getting to know who you were fighting. From a young age, Edward had always been about sizing up the opposition and knowing exactly what he was up against, this was doubly true when in the ring. Edward took a left hook straight to the jaw and for a second the colour behind his eyes burned white hot. He stumbled briefly as the crowd applauded his opponent’s solid jab and after a beat, Edward shook his head and brought up his guard.
The man standing opposite Edward was large, chiselled from stone, and powerful beyond all comprehension. Edward ran his eyes across him, sizing him up and down, seeing what else this fight offered him and after a second or so Edward saw his angle. His opponent danced around in his corner, cocky from his clean hit to Edward and over extending himself because of it. Edward waited patiently for his window and sure enough a strong right hook came barrelling towards him. Edward ducked quickly, taking his chance at a strong upper cut to the man’s soft jaw. The punch connected solidly and the man stumbled backwards as Edward continued hit after hit. With each blow, Edward felt a surge of energy coursing through his veins, fuelling his hits, pumping blood to his chest.
His opponent’s lips cracked and his

########
Rank: 11
Score: 46.45111
Retrieved Text: SNEAK PEEK: "Justice League vs the Fatal Five"
"...in the 31st century, three members of the 'Fatal Five', 'Tharok', 'Persuader' and 'Mano', attack the headquarters of the 'Legion of Super-Heroes', with the aim of capturing their time travel device. 'Star Boy', 'Saturn Girl' and 'Brainiac 5', the only 'Legionnaires' present, try to keep them back but fail.
"Just as the villains activate the device, Star Boy leaps at them and is taken along on their ride back into the 21st century.
"While the time machine descends down to Earth, Star Boy manages to trigger a boobytrap Brainiac 5 has programmed into the device's computer, traping the villains in a stasis field.
"Star Boy lands in 'Gotham City', while the time machine ends up in 'Metropolis'. Star Boy finds to his horror that his only supply of a mind-stabilizing drug he needs regularly has been destroyed by his rough landing.
"During his search for a replacement, which does not exist in this era, his increasingly erratic behavior gets him arrested by 'Batman' and interred in 'Arkham'.
"Then the stasis-locked time machine is picked up by Superman and brought to the Justice League's headquarters for analysis..."

########
Rank: 12
Score: 46.300415
Retrieved Text: melissa and doug stacking cubes best gifts for kids friendly toys for preschoolers melissa and doug stacking cubes.
educational presents for 10 year olds w new top toys for year presents for year old son gift for year old with autism presents for year top toys educational gifts 10 year olds.
baby toys 12 months little master beads beads early learning baby toys 6 months baby toys 1 2 years old 3 years boys and girls birthday gifts elm two cheap baby toys 12 months plus.
baby boy dress up items similar to baby boy birthday outfit vest bow tie suspender dress up toddler twins photo prop on baby boy dress suit 6 months.
educational insights design and drill design robot educational insights design drill power tool workshop.
lego red creativity box the part needed came from set orange creativity box lego classic red creativity box review.
pbs kids toys kids toy boat shape sorter educational toy stores melbourne.
ball set for toddlers basketball set for toddlers south africa.
educational play mat show all item images educational play mats for babies.
tiny treasures baby doll new tiny treasure double baby cot gift toy chad valley tiny treasures baby doll carrier.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.687035
Retrieved Text: Toby von Trostberg is a stunning 3 year old coated German Shepherd who is crate-trained, housebroken, child-friendly and a definite scene-stealer. Very sociable, Toby enjoys looking out the window to observe passers-by and, if one comes to visit, he joins you in rolling out the welcome mat. Having a medium energy level, this mannerly boy likes being close to his people, savoring any head pats or back scratches that come his way. He will bring you his tennis ball to invite you to play with him. If you have been wanting an interactive pet whom you would treat as part of the family, Toby’s the boy for you!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.52404
Retrieved Text: Here are some of Brexton’s favorite frog activities that are perfect for your littles in the preschool age!
Having an energetic and rambunctious boy, I have many moments where I wonder, “How am I going to keep him entertained all day?” Race cars and dinosaurs only last so long, and we limit screen time in our house. So I’m always looking for fun, engaging and enriching activities that Brexton enjoys and I feel good knowing he’s learning new skills or knowledge.
We try to spend a couple hours each day with Brexton doing educational activities that are appropriate for his age and skills. He’s learned about dinosaurs (of course), the human body and just recently we discovered that he LOVES frogs (such a boy!). He also loves making things and being crafty. So a quick search online led to me to all sorts of fun frog activities that we can do in his clubhouse right at home.
I’ve linked the activities below and included some items I purchased from Amazon (Prime is a mom’s best friend!). These activities are so easy to print out, set up, and prepare. I’m not sure who had more fun –Brexton or me!
I’d love to hear more about any educational and crafty activities your kiddos have loved so we can add them to our list!
This Five Green Frogs music game combines frogs, numbers and music—making it the perfect learning activity for toddlers. To make these hoppy, singing frogs, you just print them out, cut around the grey outlines and laminate (if you have one

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.335205
Retrieved Text: toys r us race cars cars race tracks toys analogue digital the revolution in racing tracking field track r us wow toys richie race car.
halo crib baby with a halo lying on straw in a crib isolated outline vector illustration halo crib mattress.
elephant crib set related post elephant crib set amazon.
toys r us baby strollers and car seats toys r us baby strollers and car seats stroller baby seat combo top 5 best car toys r us baby strollers and car seats.
new born baby bedding sets related post how to make newborn babys bed sheets.
gray cribs on sale vintage gray crib fisher price grey sugar baby cribs gray baby cribs for sale.
crib attached to bed crib that attaches to parents bed half crib that attaches to bed mini crib attaches to crib that attaches to parents bed crib attached bed.
baby activity blanket educational baby crawling mat double sided play activity mat baby play baby activity mat pattern.
crib wedge safe lift universal crib wedge and sleep for baby mattress in baby nursery bedding crib wedge for pack n play.
baby boy car seat and stroller combo baby boy car seat stroller combo twins baby stroller combo strollers baby room ideas for boy and girl.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 45.21908
Retrieved Text: Round 1: They immediately start to measure each other up, but it’s quickly apparent the great reach advantage that Gustafsson has with his size. He quickly drops Shogun to the mat, but Shogun answers by securing leg lock. Gustafsson escapes to his feet, but Shogun stays on him, landing some punches before they separate. Gustafsson fakes a jab, and instead takes Shogun to the mat, but quickly allows him up. Shogun catches a kick, drives forward with a counter right hand, planting Gustafsson on the mat. Gustafsson regains his feet, but Shogun has a body lock on and is peppering him with knees to the legs and punches to the head. Gustafsson breaks free and answers with a knee to the face. Shogun moves in, but eats another knee to the body for his efforts. Shogun blasts forward with a left-right combo that lands., doing a good job fighting through the reach advantage of the lanky Swede. Gustafsson shoots, but Shogun fends it off, nearly catching Gustafsson in a guillotine. 30 seconds left in the round and Gustafsson presses Shogun up against the cage, where they end the round. MMAWeekly.com scores the round 10-9 for Shogun.
Round 2: Shogun comes out firing and lands a couple big shots on Gustafsson, staggering him a bit. He soon follows with another big right hand, and another, and then a combination. Gustafsson appears a little frustrated by Shogun’s attack, out of his rhythm. Shogun is using a lot of movement around the cage to try and keep Gustafsson off balance,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.99496
Retrieved Text: Welcome to my second reveal for Lasting Memories. This go-round we were challenged to create a layout about a Life Lesson.
I pulled out my Carta Bella Boy Oh Boy goodies and the sketch from ScrapMuch? to get started. I stuck really close to the sketch except for changing to use three photos instead of two. I didn’t have the correct red paper to mat my photos, but I had the perfect red washi tape. I cut mats the size I needed and covered the edges with the tape…worked perfectly!
The life lesson that I choose to highlight was our son learning some “Guy Stuff.” My hubby had his tools out to do something around the house right around when our son turned one. M went right over to the tools and started digging in the box and turning the handles…no one had to tell him it way guy stuff!
Sorry I’ve been so quiet lately, but we’ve been going through a kitchen re-do and the house looks like a bomb went off! Leave me a comment if you want to see the new kitchen, and until next time…Keep Scrappin!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.577015
Retrieved Text: Stable Boy® - by Equine Equipped - is a Patented kit which converts the garage of a Toy Hauling RV into a horse stall, allowing you to have your horses and living quarters in one unit.
The Stable Boy® kit includes: two aluminum stalls, padding, manger trays, floor cut-out, stall mats and padded back doors, to safely transport your horses. It’s flexible and designed to easily change from two horse stalls to one horse stall and a golf cart, motorcycle or ATV.
We recommend a 5th wheel Toy Hauler with a 12 foot garage for the Stable Boy® Kit. Any make or model toy hauler can be used. The Toy Hauler can be purchased new or used. A 10 foot or 11 foot garage will work, however, there will not be enough room to exit the stall under the left manger door. The dimensions of the entire kit are 75.25 inches wide by 115 inches long by 73.25 inches tall. Each stall opening is 35 inches wide. The garage for most 12 foot Toy Haulers have a carrying weight capacity 3500 to 4500 pounds. The Stable Boy® kit weighs approx. 780 lbs.
Toy hauler RV's are constructed heavier as the functional purpose is to haul cargo (ATV’s, motorcycles, snowmobiles etc..). Toy Haulers are well designed to haul this cargo. They contain more steel supports within the floor, walls and rear opening. When Stable Boy® horse stall kit is installed in the garage area the horses are confined comfortably within the stalls. This restricts movement just like a horse trailer.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.21296
Retrieved Text: Make nap time fun and cozy with the boy zoo all over print nap mat by Stephen Joseph! When nap time is all over go ahead and roll the nap mat up for easy storing! This Stephen Joseph is great for those little ones that are going into kindergarten or even day care. Send him with something cozy and fun for nap time! The zoo nap mat has a perfect pocket where it can be personalized with your little one's name! The nap mat as an attached pillow and soft and a fuzzy, soft lined blanket. This all over print nap mat is very soft and best of all machine washable!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.13817
Retrieved Text: Mat knew the person the villagers called the fiddler. He was an old man in his seventies who was queer in the head and had bouts of insane rages. During these moments of insanity, he would stand in the village road and shout on top of his voice about the arrival of doomsday. He was always telling people how Lord Vishnu was just about to arrive in his final avatar; the Kalki, and put an end to this sinful world. It was his decided opinion that humanity had degenerated to a point of no return and the time had come for the Lord to take his final avatar.
At other times he seemed to have a remarkable amount of control over himself. During such sane moments, he could be seen sitting sagely by the side of some by-lane or the other, playing the fiddle. He would often be accompanied by a small boy of seven or eight. Nobody had any idea who the boy was. In addition, this quaint couple would most often be accompanied by some stray cat. Cats seemed to take to the fiddler in a big way and it was often said that the fiddler spoke to the cats and they could understand him perfectly.
Mat had realized why the cat he had seen last night had appeared familiar. He had often seen the cat with the fiddler before. The tunes the fiddler played were always sad ones no one had ever heard before. Mat would often pass by the fiddler when he went to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.923077
Retrieved Text: mickey baby clothes boys black red mouse overall striped t shirt 2 outfit boy uk.
australiana toys soft plush toy australian educational online.
best wooden toys for babies wood in a variety of designs sizes and colors order your uk.
new balance baby child of the kids sneakers first shoes boy bike ferrari.
unfinished crib catcher wooden garland holder mobile etc beads organic wood round large balls pine.
orbit baby toddler seat stroller black product shot car g2.
baby packers jersey lets go 3 pack bodysuit set custom.
patagonia baby retro x jacket xr fleece.
baby yoga mats kitty big carpet living room bedroom full of coffee table bedside mat padded uk.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.72194
Retrieved Text: Just got this review in from Russell of Florida, and boy are we are impressed with the recent SeaDek job on his ’87 Robalo 21! Using a combination of Desert Camo over Bahama Blue, as well an assortment of Hot Buttons, he came up with a design that is truly one-of-a-kind. Nice job Russell and thank you for the kind words!
Whether through the factory or a SeaDek Certified Fabricator or Installer, there are more ways than ever to get SeaDek on your boat!
Or find a SeaDek Certified Fabricator or Installer near you!
This entry was posted in anti fatigue mat, boating, Customer Photos, Customer Reviews, Fishing with SeaDek, Florida Fishing, marine non skid, marine nonskid, marine nonslip, marine products, no slip, no slip mat, no slip pad, no slip seadek, non skid, non skid marine non slip, nonskid, nonslip, SeaDek Marine Products and tagged anti fatigue mat, anti-fatigue, boat traction, boating, customer photos, Fishing with SeaDek, marine industry leader, marine non skid, marine nonskid, marine products, no-slip, nonskid, nonslip, seadek, seadek marine products, seadeked. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.626785
Retrieved Text: Weight Gain: +10 pounds total. The ultrasound machine estimates baby boy at 1.9 lbs.
Symptoms: I still try to sneak in naps when I can, but I've had more energy in the past month. I still walk to the front of our apartment complex instead of riding in the car because going over speed bumps feels very uncomfortable. There are a lot of speed bumps on this island. I yell "SLOW!" at Angel before every one of them. Still having a bit of nausea or stomach upset, and definitely sensitive to smells, but generally feeling as well as could be expected and loving to feel the baby move! His favorite wake-up times are 5 in the morning and 10 at night. I sleep great, haven't bought any maternity clothing yet...the few times I've peeked into the few specialty maternity stores I just hated them. We'll see if or when I get over that. Leggings and tunics/dresses work fine for now. I've been taking all the clothes that don't fit out of my room and storing them in the other room. Let's say my wardrobe is becoming gradually more "streamlined."
Eating: I still tend to feel like I think about food more than I actually eat it. Fruit remains a favorite, although grapefruits may have surpassed green apples in popularity. I was actually able to eat my favorite homemade yeast rolls at Thanksgiving dinner--which shows how far I've come, because I requested them for my birthday back in July but was not really able to eat them due to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.56728
Retrieved Text: I just wanted to take a moment to tell everyone what was going on in the videos for my last 2 posts. You all know by now that my husband apparently lacks home training. Well, the actual ultrasound clip was obvious. Dwayne could not figure out the boy part thing. Now of all men, you would think he would have recognized that right away.*shaking head* If you could have heard all the thing he was saying to my doctor, you would have been either laughing or choking him. In video 2, he was so happy he started to skip, yes skip down the hall and do a fake cartwheel. There was this older lady going to the elevator and she was scared half to death cause she thought Dwayne was about to take a dive. That poor woman! I had to stop the camera so I could punish him for acting up. And I am having a boy????!!!..... Lord help me!
I laughed so hard when I saw him skipping. Dwayne is one excited Daddy! I was starting to tear up too. I remember when we had the ultrasound. Derrick wanted a girl so badly and his wish came true. It's all a miracle.
He's so excited!! There's nothing like having a boy to a Man. It means someone to get in to trouble with...lol. Just joking!
I love watching my little boy do things that remind of his Dad. Tonight his big sister switched seats at the dinner table, he got up and picked up her plate and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.551727
Retrieved Text: Griff’s bouts with the champs of the colored dorms were brief affairs. Pettibone stood a foot shorter than Griff, an obvious mismatch when you saw them toe to toe. At the bell, Griff barrelled out and humiliated his quarry with a battery of zip–zip–zip body blows. The crowd winced. “He’s having ribs for dinner!” a boy behind Turner shouted. Mrs. Hardee shrieked when Pettibone floated up dreamily on his tippy-toes and then toppled to kiss the dirty mat.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.451054
Retrieved Text: It's hard to imagine, I can't believe how much time has passed, well over 3 months since my last post. Also well over 3 months since I lost my beautiful boy. Since then I've had an incredible adventure, working and living in Antarctica of all places and it really was the most magical experience but there wasn't a single day that I didn't think of Samurai. Each day seemed like agony being away from him, its the longest we had been separated and the hardest thing was knowing I had to get used to the feeling.
Going to Antarctica was a god-send after losing Samurai but really all it did was delay the inevitable, I have to get used to being in this empty house. It's lovely sitting in my scrapping room again, I feel comforted knowing I'm back in 'our' room but its still heart breaking to look up from my lap top and see his empty mat and his favourite toy just lying there. I still look for him at the gate when I come home from the gym and I lay awake all night listening for his snores. How deathly quiet the house is now.
So anyway today I've dusted my scrapping room, I brought the latest Scrap 365 mag AND Scrapbook magazine and I'm going to focus on Scrapping my photos from Antarctica and hopefully soon one or two of my boy.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.352623
Retrieved Text: Bruno is a very very good boy. He was excellent in the car on the way home from the kennels and didn't even slobber when I ate a burger in the car in Danniverke !!! He has settled in well and is respectful of the cats. He does enjoy doing the animal feeding with me and was very excited about me feeding the chickens -I think he may have been fed from a plastic container in his old life.He loves to go to the rose gardens for a walk but unfortunately I think he may have stood on some glass so it was off to the vets for a visit. Luckily just a wee cut and I was so proud because a woman came in with her cat and chose to sit by us because Bruno was so well behaved!
He has dragged his sheepy out of the kennel and lies outside on it. As you can see in the pics it was 28 degrees today- so too hot on his mat so he just dribbled on the carpet.
There is a bit of a size difference, as you can see in the picture below!
Nina is loving having a big dog and he went to school to pick her up and was patted by many sticky little hands which he was very patient and calm about. He still has scary moments as he gets used to pet life: his tail cleared a couple of shelves at the pet shop and he has walked into the ranch slider a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.269333
Retrieved Text: Mat POV - He goes back to The Wandering Woman where his men Harnan, Corevin and Vanin are waiting. Corevin is being bandaged after a fight. There is a serving girl Leral. They report that Nalesean was there, but they have not seen Thom or Juilin. Olver is back in the stable. Mat orders Vanin to check out the Chelsaine Palace near the Three Towers Gate. They report a bubble of evil fog in the Rahad that mangled people. A serving girl Caira says an Illuminator is looking for Mat.1 Mat is also looking for an Illuminator.2 He goes upstairs and is attacked by two men. He kills them. Nerim helps clean up. Setalle and Jasfer Anan say the men just checked in with a big chest, they were passing through on their way to Nor Chasen, a village to the east. Mat's dice do not stop. Setalle mentions a friend of hers, Elynde. Mat finds a note in his pocket. It says that "Elayne and Nynaeve are pushing too far. They are still in danger from the Tower. Warn them to be careful, or they will be kneeling to Elaida." It is written on very fine snowy white paper.3 Mat thinks only Joline and Teslyn were close enough to leave the note but that makes no sense.
Joline Maza POV - Her Warders are Blaeric and Fen. She thinks their only hope against the Dark One is a boy who is running wild.4 She and Teslyn are equals, but Teslyn overwhelms many. Merilille and Teslyn both

########
Rank: 29
Score: 43.078896
Retrieved Text: Just when it seemed like it was all over, Lillian Wolf is given a second chance along with a young adult named Water Boy. The two face the challenges of life and what it means to be different. In the process, the two grow to like each other more and more.
The waves rush over the beach, pulling the sand away, and leaving seaweed and other sea debris behind. The sun beats down on a young girl who lays curled up underneath a palm tree. Her black hair covers her right eye and she has a scar down her left cheek. Her eyes are red like blood and she has black wolf ears and a black wolf tail.Further away, another person washes up on shore. This boy has long blue hair, blue earrings, and blue clothes. He is completely soaked and doesn’t even appear to be breathing.Someone runs across the beach from a nearby house and stands by his side.
“Oh goodness... Another hero dead...” the person mutters, scooping up the boy from the sand.
The person carries the boy into the house they just came from and places him on a bed in front of someone else.
“I found another one... Doctor, can you heal him?” the person asks.
“Who do you think he is? I haven’t seen him on any of the lists of heroes...” the person says.
“I have no clue... I guess we’ll have to wait until he wakes up to verify,” the doctor says.
The first person then leaves the house to wait. The young girl from before

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is standing in front of a camera. He starts playing a harmonica for the camera. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: begins to play the harmonica with his body while looking at the camera.

Ending 2: seems to be singing while playing the harmonica.

Ending 3: rocks back and forth to the music as he goes.

Ending 4: painted a fence in front of the camera.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.903564
Retrieved Text: Performance artists stage an action called "No Traffic" in the middle of a construction site on St. Lawrence Blvd. in Montreal.
00:00Copy video clip URL A person walks along a city street under construction. Various b-roll of the street torn up, concrete being laid and smoothed, construction crews at work. Cement mixers in motion. Passersby. A guitarist sits and plays on the opposite sidewalk.
02:50Copy video clip URL Young men and women stand in the construction area doing yoga-like exercise. Trucks and other construction vehicles roll past. Onlookers watch the group. A photographer takes pictures of the spectacle.
08:30Copy video clip URL Someone takes out a video camera and starts recording the scene. Some participants start meditating, chanting: “Om.” Other participants start miming the action of shoveling and digging. One of the participants starts to flail, feigning pain. Another calls a warning to the crowd: “No drugs!” The crowd continues looking on. One of the participants wonders around telling the crowd: No drugs! The young man feigning pain and seizures continues his act. “Can you do nothing to help me?” A woman yells at him in French. The man continues his performance, playing sick. The scene continues with the actors performing in a dirt hole in the street created by the construction workers. The man in mock pain calls for an elephant to move the rock off his leg.
15:00Copy video clip URL Onlookers gather and watch. The construction workers continue working around them. One man near the performers starts a motorized sledgehammer. The actors continue performing, ignoring the construction

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.68667
Retrieved Text: Careers in Shell Trading are some of the most exhilarating in the business.
Shell’s Trader Development Program is a structured program aimed at graduates with work experience. Find out more.
So what's it really like to work in Trading at Shell? Here you can tap into the experiences of the people who know best - the people who are already working for us. Listen to what Mike - Executive Vice President has to say.
Revolving glass doors with large white Shell logo on each panel. A man enters the revolving door, setting the door spinning slowly.
Camera is looking up at ceiling. Shell logo and the word Trading is visible on a lighting panel below ceiling.
Brief view of a close-up of a hand at a lit-up console.
Camera pans quickly from right to left, showing blurred images before focusing on right profile of a man looking up, hand to mouth as though thinking.
Brief view of a screen showing three multi-coloured graphs on a black background.
Man wearing headset, seated in front of several computer monitors. He is talking on headset.
Scene showing atrium surrounded by white building. There are large potted plants and we see two women in foreground, walking towards camera, carrying boutique shopping bags.
Scene of long passageway with people walking down passageway away from camera. Several of the people disappear and others reappear as they proceed down the passage.
Camera pans around a room containing a large partitioned desk. A ship’s bell hangs from a stand on the desk in the left foreground. Several people are seen seated in a row along

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.570904
Retrieved Text: Where Big Bertha Hit Paris, France.
Huge German gun nicknamed Big Bertha bombs Paris from 71 miles away. The first attack occurred on Good Friday; 1918; and continued there after.
Scenes of the destruction. A few men in front of bombed building (heads off-screen) one steps down through rubble to stand in centre of screen facing camera; dusts off hands. CU another bombed building - arch doorway wall with boards etc sticking out of plaster; rubble in front. Weird looking jumble: looking up at a bent balcony; w/ shutter crashed through balcony; and some kind of metal supports from building sticking through the plaster below. Then shot of bearded man in FG looking rt; crowd of Parisians in BG; pan rt. - the bearded guy and another by some big vehicle; or machinery.
CU (probably looking into building without front wall) of a dog on staircase; facing camera; with an old man standing beside staircase to rt; rubble below. Man speaks; gesturing; puts his pipe in his mouth; he climbs up over rubble; as the loyal pet (man's best friend even during bombing) starts to come to him; they both turn and go up steps. Shot of a bomb shell hole in a building revealing a staircase inside. GV same; people - family - posing inside the hole; and 2 men - 1 a French policeman; standing on pile of rocks outside; below the hole.
World War One. War damage.
Various shots of the Duke of Edinburgh touring a steam power plant in Wairakei.
Daffodils are picked on the Isles of Scilly,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.300625
Retrieved Text: Perhaps you love watching movies, but have never come across funny moments that happen with news reporters behind the camera? Those strange things that you watch on movies also happen with news reporters before they can give you the end product. In the video below, a Greece news reporter for Macedonia TV is given his equal measure of the giggles while doing a story.
As the clip begins, a male news reporter is seen standing in front of the stalls, and a big but attractive horse is also seen paying attention to the man as he speaks. As soon as the man begins to show love to the female horse, she with no delay also likes what he says. As a sign of responding to the reporter who is speaking about the aggressive style of horse riding, the horse starts to scratch its neck using her nostrils while rubbing her as well.
The reporter then tries to keep calm by ignoring the move by the beautiful animal and continues with his story. The clip gets interesting when the horse cannot hold back her attraction to the reporter and decides to move closer to him. The news reporter, who can no longer hold his laughter, bursts into laughter loudly, and he is forced to retell his story from the start.
The attraction however, goes on for a while as the two cannot hide their faces. May be because the reporter does not want to ruin the shot but all in all, the funny moments were caught on camera.
You have to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.798023
Retrieved Text: There they are, my sweet lil angels, my niece and nephew. In front, she's Sammy, and she always has that impish lil look on her face. Behind her, that's Teej, who here is playing with my old Rubik's cube.
That's my buddy, Teej. He's seven years old, and is such a little man. He loves computers, and is into all of the things I used to enjoy when I was a kid. He has lil airports all over his playroom! So cool!
This is me standing near the TV in my bedroom.
This is another one of me standing near the TV in my bedroom.
This is one of me in the NY office where I used to work. Notice that I have a bag of peanut M&M's in my hand? That was dinner! Oh, the old days when that and Cherry Coke were regular meals! And oh man, that shirt! I want it back, but I think it is gone into the depths of hell :-( I gave that shirt away, and all I have gotten in exchange for that is bad memories. Oh well.
That's me and my dear friends Colleen (on the left, in the blue jeans) and Ali. Man, what a retarded look that is, on my face. I swear I don't look that stupid in real life. It's just that we took that picture using the self-timer on Colleen's camera, and we all had rather odd looks on our faces!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.321064
Retrieved Text: Today I was standing on the left side of Paota 'C' road Jodhpur on my bike with wearing healmet. My bike was off, It was hardly 2 minutes and a traffic police man came and shout at me to go forward and trying to take my bike key.I said sir am going and suddenly he starts shouting at me.The name of Traffic Police Man is "Sahi Ram".I just told him to behave properly and talk politely and then he simply click my bike photo and told me to go. These Police man are misusing the use of Camera given to them.
so want action on this type of harassment of police man to common public.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.116917
Retrieved Text: On Wednesday I was at Clark and Lake waiting for the Red Line.
I was in a GREAT mood. I had had a great morning of writing, I was wearing new pants and I was about to experience the German/Gym Wheel for the first time.
As I walked down the platform, I noticed a performer with a guitar, a harmonica and a Nantucket Sweatshirt.
Nothing puts a big, dumb smile on my face than a Nantucket sweatshirt. So I decided to get my camera phone out and attempt to subtly take a picture of this guy to add to my gallery of ridiculous camera phone photography.
I put my bookbag down on a bench and open the front pocket to find my phone, while my hand was in the bag I discovered that my ipod headphones cord was all tangled so I pulled it out to untangle the cord before it became a bigger disaster.
"Excuse me Miss. Do you have every song ever made on that CD?"
I hear the voice and make out what its saying but ignore it, because there is no way that that person is talking to me, and if they are, I have no interest in answering (particularly these days, because now that I'm not man hunting 24/7 I'm not even checking to see if random-talking-stranger is cute).
"Excuse me. Miss. Excuse me. Miss. Miss."
When the repetition starts everyone knows its time to answer, because otherwise there is a very good chance you might end up on the business end of the C-word and/or a punch to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.100998
Retrieved Text: Barb Wire, the film adaptation of the popular comic book, is a futuristic action adventure which takes place in the year 2017 during the Second Civil War. Barb Wire is a young, voluptuous, retired female resistance soldier turned bounty hunter. She is also the owner of the Hammer Head Bar. Barb's services as a bounty hunter go to the highest bidder, no matter who's side of the law they are on. Charlie, her brother, and Camille, her dog, are the only things she cares about. When Charlie is captured and assassinated by the Congressional Army, Barb avenges his death by helping the resistance to stop their latest diabolical plot.
Barb is in the bar area early one morning when a biker enters. She immediately informs him that the Hammer Head is not open for business. The man threatens her, never noticing Camille, Barb's dog, standing at the bottom of the stairway. When he will not leave on his own, Barb commands Camille to do a package check. The dog runs towards the man and grabs the gentleman's crotch with his mouth. On command from Barb, the dog sits still, holding onto the man's crotch. Barb commands him to "take it outside", and the dog starts to back his way out of the bar, still holding onto the crotch. For this scene, the trainer, doubling for the actor, attached a small military style belt to his mid-section, with a piece of leather attached that dangled in front of the crotch area. He then played a familiar game with

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.958298
Retrieved Text: He apparently had no idea he was on camera when he sprang from a car and ran to the porch.
FRESNO, Calif. (KFSN) -- He apparently had no idea he was on camera when he sprang from a car and ran to the porch.
A homeowner in Northwest Fresno checked their recording and spotted the crime happening on their front porch surveillance camera at 4:47 p.m. Monday afternoon.
The incident happened near the intersection of Bengston and Alamos. The homeowner said he'd ordered some perfume from Sephora for his wife's birthday.
The man in the video is wearing shorts, a white tank top, and something covering his head. After he grabs the package off the porch he starts running back to the waiting car. As he approaches the curb he stumbles after his head disguise flies into the street.
He's then seen casually picking up his makeshift disguise, and another object before hopping into the back seat of the car with the package.
The driver of the car cannot be seen in the video.
The homeowner shared this video with Action News in the hopes someone would recognize the suspect, or warn their fellow neighbors about keeping their packages safe.
Sephora is sending the homeowner another shipment in the next couple of days to replace what was stolen.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.909573
Retrieved Text: Rick Tomalty is a Mount Orford resident and retired teacher, of 36 years, from the Montreal area where he taught math and photography. Before his teaching career Rick traveled around Canada, the USA and lived in California. He has done many different things from running a candle business to horseshoeing and playing harmonica in a blues band with his son. After becoming a Scuba instructor he became interested in underwater photography which ultimately rekindled a passion for photography that he had nurtured in his earlier years.
Having traveled extensively, his passion for photography has resulted in images from a number of countries.
Rick is the past Nature Chairman of the Montreal Camera Club where he competed, very successfully, in club competitions for four years. His passion is nature photography but his work reveals a diversity of subject matter which is appropriate for a photographer with a background as colorful as Rick's.
Kadavu - Figi - I'm not the pilot!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.797127
Retrieved Text: Image of a group of men watching a police man looking inside the trunk of a car.
Image of man and woman standing at entrance of the St. Clair branch of the Royal Bank of Canada; police man standing inside with hands on his hips.
Image of woman standing behind bank teller table with objects in her hands and two other women standing besides her.
Image of man wearing glasses writing. Sign beside him says' Money Orders.' One woman sitting on his right and others behind him.
Image of smiling woman wearing dress and holding purse; man wearing glasses and woman facing away from camera behind her in background.
Image of police man standing beside metron Toronto police car. Suitcase in middle of road in front of streetcar is seen in background.
Image of woman with arms crossed looking away from camera; another woman standing in background.
Image of two men and woman covering her face with Reader's Digest book exiting the Berkeley House.
Image of police man speaking to woman wearing white dress; another woman is beside her; man sitting at desk can be seen in background.
Image of man wearing hat with newspaper tucked under his arm and two persons in front of him writing on notepads; two men in the background are seen behind him.
Image of metro police car closeup parked outside of Federal Savings building beside Coiffure Walter beauty salon.
Image of two men crouching down and two men standing in middle of road while police man and other men look on. Crowds of people on sidewalk can be seen in background.
Image

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.595642
Retrieved Text: A 14-year-old boy who police say had already shot 10 people, pulled out a gun and killed another two victims in cold blood.
The alleged teenager gang member was caught on camera blasting two men in cold blood at close range in a street in Colombia.
He can been seen chatting to one victim outside an off-licence in the city of Medellin last Wednesday before opening fire six times.
As they both walk outside the shop, the boy then pulls a pistol from the waistband of his shorts and fires at two men on the pavement.
In the footage, a large man in a black T-shirt can be seen standing on the street just in front of a young boy, who waits until the larger man turns his back before pulling out a gun.
He then took aim and fires at the man in the black shirt who flees off-camera as well as another man at the bottom of the screen. He then also fires possibly at a third person before turning and fleeing.
Confused people who were in the shop can be seen coming out on the street to help the injured and one man appears to attempt to follow the teenage suspect who had already run away.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.386158
Retrieved Text: A man standing, tiny, in front of a giant pomegranate, his head turned up towards the sky—as though a massive fruit doesn’t even deserve a second look. This is just one of the fantastical, off-kilter images in photographer Milad Safabakhsh’s enchanting body of work.
Safabakhsh began photographing six years ago, coming to it “accidentally,” he says. While studying graphic design in university, he started playing around with a phone camera and sharing the results on Facebook. He submitted images to a Facebook page on minimalism, and one of them was featured. Another Facebook photography page selected one of his images as a pick of the week, and he decided to pursue photography more seriously.
After shooting photos for two years, he was drawn to incorporate photomontage into his art because it allowed him to share the “world inside your mind that has always been with you,” as he puts it. To build a composite image, Safabakhsh mostly pulls from his photo archive, occasionally shooting new images when his vision demands it.
Safabakhsh declares himself an “artist who loves the sciences and beyond.” He’s especially interested in quantum physics, and his first series, “The Space In-between” is about the holographic world, a theory that says our universe was formed in a radically different way than with a big bang.
A constant theme of Safabakhsh’s work is a lone figure, or sometimes several figures, standing in a surreal landscape. He says that “the single figures show that we are alone in making our decisions.” He used to work exclusively in black and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.136284
Retrieved Text: "Mr. Wajzman Holds a Photograph of his Family while Standing Next to Wi"
Front: Man, looking at camera, holds a photograph of a large family while wife at his side looks to Back: Handwritten information, 'Sender Wajzman and wife. Mindelle. Pic is all his relatives - only he survived holocaust, of the whole group. T. Robb 7-10-81'. 'Date Used JUL 12 1981' hand stamp below handwriting.
"Mr. Wajzman Holds a Photograph of his Family while Standing Next to Wife" (1981). Bulmash Family Holocaust Collection. 2014.1.388.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.999073
Retrieved Text: Gavin read us a bed-time story last night and it cracked us up. I raced for the camera! We are cracking up at how he holds the book, and of course the enthusiasm of his reading. Enjoy!
This video was from earlier this month but thought I would share it because it's so cute! Gavin wanted to hold London for bedtime stories. London loves these miniature picture books and was "reading" it to Gavin. On the page he has it opened to there is a horse on one page and a fire engine on the other. Notice London barking at the book, because that is what a horse says - right?! Like I said, this video was from earlier this month. He now has it figured out that a horse says neiiiigh, but so does a sheep.
The boys love throwing balls, swinging a stick and apparently practicing wakeboarding on the couch! We captured them playing together in the living room over the weekend - London playing lacrosse (or just getting dizzy) and Gavin wakeboarding standing on a book on the couch (because the cushions bounce better than doing this fun sport on the floor).
In case you can't make out their words....London starts out saying "cheese" because that is what you do for a camera. And Gavin tells us that he is "wakeboarding to Daddy's boat".
Sold! To lucky number 7!
Please update your address books accordingly. We have a mailbox there and plan to just have our mail go to the new house rather than the apartment.
For those of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.89782
Retrieved Text: The Evening an Orthodox Jewish Man Spat in My Face: an excerpt from my book | Come believe with me.
Then we see a large synagogue situated on a corner – a jackpot of people in party-mode. I snap some 7-12 year old boys – and then one of them begins yelling at me furiously, “Nooooo!” Aw, man. “Shlee-ha” I concede, yet again.
Ah! And then I see two very Western-looking men about my age standing against the synagogue wall encircled by several Orthodox men in satin and gold embossed robes. One of the hopefully-English-speaking (no one thus far has seemed to speak any English other than “no” and “camera”), has a sizeable camera dangling from his neck. Perhaps, he can better tell me what the protocol seems to be.
Very brazenly, disdainfully, irately, spits in my face.
And then he storms off, joined by the other Orthodox men.
I chuckle to the Westerners, “Okaaaaay,” while wiping the alcohol-infused saliva from my face. Westerner-with-camera, soon identified as a Canadian from Winnipeg, tells me he had difficulty taking pictures, but as long as he seems cautious while pointing-and-shooting, it has been okay. There is a pause as Westerner-without-camera (also from Winnipeg) stretches out his hand to wipe the spittle remnants from my cheek. “Thanks,” I smile. “That happened because you are a woman with a camera. Sorry, about that,” the fellow photographer explains. “Oh, I see. I wondered about that.” I assert. And we have the usual, “What are you doing in Jerusalem?” exchange and bid farewell to the scene of the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.575855
Retrieved Text: Interior of a large, open room with no visible ceiling. It has wood floors and natural wood trim with white walls. The room is messy, with clothing and paper bags on a kitchen chair and table, dog toys on the floor, and a large, rectangular tan dog bed with a red towel on it. An oxygen tank in a cart and an emergency battery pack on a dolly stand on either side of the dog bed.
The wall is made up of four door-sized glass windows. Two that actually are doors (have handles) and two that don’t.
It is dark outside. Nothing can be seen in the windows but darkness and their reflection of the room inside.
Barnum, a large, leggy, muscular black-brindle dog with a docked tail, wearing a powder-blue collar, stands in front of the central door. His head and tail are up and at attention. His floppy ears are perked. He is staring at the glass.
We hear the clicks of a powerchair as the camera approaches closer to Barnum’s rear.
Barnum jumps up on his hind legs and barks three times — deep, sharp, loud, echoing barks. The camera tilts sideways to capture the whole length of the tall door when Barnum starts jumping.
After springing up for his barks, Barnum collapses into a down, continuing to stare at the glass. After thinking for a moment, he starts barking again while lying down, then bounces to his feet and stands, barking at the glass.
The camera moves in closer and tilts sideways again. Barnum starts bouncing on his back

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.456474
Retrieved Text: There is a white male with short dark hair. He appears to be in his early 20s. He is wearing jeans, a t-shirt, and an open jacket. His hands are in his jean pockets. He is walking away from stairs and a sign that reads BAR vertically up to down. It appears that he is on the top of a building.
The man looks to his left and starts to take his hands from his pockets.
The man looks to his right, takes his hands completely out of his pockets and adjusts his jacket. He appears nervous as if he’s looking to make sure that no one is around. Or perhaps he is looking for someone.
The camera has changed positions to show the man walking towards a car on what appears to be the roof of a parking garage. There is only one car, however. There are buildings in the background which suggests that the setting is a city. The space is otherwise vast and empty except for a streetlight with two lights coming out on the right and left sides. The streetlight is next to the car that the man is walking towards. The man stumbles as he steps forward on his left foot.
The camera changes position to show the man’s face as he looks up toward his right. We can say pretty confidently that the man is intoxicated at this point, as his eyes appear glazed over. He is looking at something that is close in proximity. It appears that he is looking at the streetlight

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.3345
Retrieved Text: A Baltimore police officer who brutally beat a man in a viral video resigned, the department announced.
Baltimore Police Department’s Interim Commissioner Gary Tuggle accepted the officer’s resignation, and a second officer remains off patrol, on administrative duties, the department said Sunday. The department has not named the officers involved. The investigation is ongoing.
Tuggle said the incident, which occurred Saturday, “deeply disturbed” him.
The video shows a police officer speaking to a man on a sidewalk. Another officer is standing in front of the two men, talking to others on the sidewalk.
The man, responding to the officer, shouts, “For what?” The officer standing in front of them blocks the view of the camera, but the man then shouts, “Don’t touch me,” before the officer begins punching.
The officer hits the man with an onslaught of blows as he wrestles him onto the top of a house’s front steps. He punches the man’s head multiple times as he lays on the steps, eventually holding him down to the ground.
The man, who doesn’t return a punch to the officer in the video, appears to bleed from his mouth as the officer holds a forearm to his face while grabbing his arm.
It’s unclear why police officers responded to the scene.
Throughout the video, the second officer does not stop the officer throwing the punches.
In January 2017, Baltimore and the U.S. Justice Department agreed to enter a consent decree deal that aimed to institute reforms to the city’s beleaguered police department. The agreement arose out of a federal report that found widespread racial discrimination

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.089672
Retrieved Text: Activities in Britain of Whitsun weekend including TT racing and athletics at White City.
L/Ss of crowded beach at Blackpool. L/S People laying on the beach and sitting in deck chairs. C/U Woman asleep in a deck chair. M/S Girl laying on the beach. C/U Man asleep in chair. L/S Two girls running for the sea. C/U Small boy. L/S Crowded beach. L/S Crowds on the beaches and walking along the promenade. M/S Crowds walking along the promenade. L/S Pan the start of the Tour of Britain cycle race, Top shot, competitors sitting around with bikes laying on the ground. C/U Written on back of a jacket 'Bike it you'll like it'. M/S Pan, one of the contestants testing gears on the bike, he is W. Bradley No.92. C/U One of the contestants. L/S Men preparing for the start of the race. C/U A man checking cycle No.67 V Uriona. M/S W Holmes last year's winner. C/U Holmes as he prepares for the start. M/S of the comedian Tommy Cooper playing around with the starting rifle. L/S As the race gets started pan with the pack to the back view. L/S Crowd of competitors coming past camera. L/S Elevated as the contestants pass under camera.
L/S At Norwich showing dog owners leaving their dogs sitting on the kerb while they cross the road in training exercise. M/S The line of dogs sitting on the kerb. C/U A small carriage with a dog sitting in it written on the cover is "Norfolk Dog Training Society in aid of the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.840042
Retrieved Text: In the fall of 2001, I went to Florence, Italy, to study Fine Arts. With my first camera, the Nikon N60, in hand I went out to explore the city that would be my home for the next six months. I soon noticed that the city of Florence had a million stories just waiting to be told. Listening to the sounds of the motor scooters buzzing around the streets and the infectious giggles from the children in the marketplaces, I started photographing everything I could. My creative juices were inspired by the everyday life of the Italian culture.
One day I placed my camera down and relaxed in a piazza, while watching those around me. A little boy quickly caught my attention; he was playing and skipping around. He sat down for a quick break on a step in front of a resting man. I recognized this moment and grabbed my camera to take the photograph.
Before that fall I had no formal photography training. Shortly after this picture was taken I took my first photography class. I realized the power of a photograph and the story it can tell. To this day, after many photographs taken, this one still remains my favorite.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.795883
Retrieved Text: The first few minutes of Michael Curtiz's Casablanca (1942), leading up to the arrival of Major Strasser/Conrad Veidt, establishes the setting through several channels. Following the opening credits, there's a brief narration, an establishing scene, exposition, a montage, a comic vignette and a crowd scene. It's unlikely that any of these things were in the source play, and the sequence points to how the film elaborates on the bare bones of the plot.
The film opens with a map of Africa behind the credits, with the title providing a more specific clue to the film's setting. These visual clues are reinforced by Max Steiner's typically obvious score in which an exotic, African-sounding theme segues into "La Marseillaise."
In the next sequence, the soundtrack dominates and even seems to dictate the imagery. As the solemn off-screen narrator describes the path of refugees hoping to fly to America from Lisbon, the camera moves in on a slowly rotating globe. As the camera arrives on Europe, the film dissolves to a flat map with a line moving from Paris to Marseilles to Oran to Casablanca. The camera begins close on Paris, moves out take in the Mediterranean Sea, and then moves in on Casablanca. Superimposed over the map are stock images of people walking, then boats crossing the sea, and then more walking. Here the images neatly illustrate the text.
As the name of the city fills the screen, the film dissolves to a skyline. The narration continues as the camera moves down to street level before being over-taken by the ambient

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.449917
Retrieved Text: "Plot" Summary : Here we have a love triangle. Glenn is in love with a woman who is still hung up on another man. I love this video because it finds creative visual ways to convey Glenn's plight while he shows early acting chops by really pulling off that vulnerable, love-lorn look and effectively conveying emotional pain simply with his facial expressions. The strategy of the director is to present Glenn in a series of stylized tableaus that represent the indecision of the woman and the way it is emotionally torturing Glenn.
We start with Glenn playing the piano in a dark room, then move to the first tableau. Glenn is standing in the corner of a deliberately artificial-looking bedroom. He's watching his woman on the phone with her ex-lover. His face shows a mixture of disappointment and resignation. When the scene moves back to the original room where he's playing, we discover that, too, is a representative tableau. The camera pulls back to reveal the woman and the rival dancing closeby, spotlit as Glenn's eyes travel from the keyboard to them.
The third tableau takes place against a painted backdrop - again, a deliberately artificial setting. Glenn is dancing with the lady, then suddenly it's his rival dancing with her, then Glenn, then the rival. Glenn has the tortured look of a man who knows the girl he wants more than anything doesn't feel the same way about him, but he loves her so much he doesn't care.
The next and, in my opinion, most effective tableau shows

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.44487
Retrieved Text: The boy was taken to an isolated place and Vinoth tried to take off the boy's clothes. When the boy screamed, the accused slapped the boy and touched his private parts.
Chennai: A man was arrested at Adambakkam for sexually harassing a 10-year-old boy. The accused was identified as Vinoth Kumar who runs a car wash centre in Adambakkam.
According to the police report, the boy, who was playing in front of his house was kidnapped by the 28-year-old Vinoth on Thursday evening at Ambedkar Nagar.
However, the boy managed to escape from him and reached his house. He complained to his mother about the man's indecent act.
The boy's parents complained to the Adambakkam police station after a meeting with the accused. Based on their complaint, the police filed a case under the provisions of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act. The police started investigating the matter.
The preliminary investigations revealed that Vinoth used a pen spy camera to record the entire incident so he can make money by threatening the boy's parents. The accused was arrested and the police seized the pen camera. He was produced before the Alandhur court.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.418617
Retrieved Text: Google Maps Street View: What is this bizarre figure doing outside someone’s house?
Google Maps Street View has captured what appears to be a very alarming sight on a residential road. There seems to be a highly bizarre-looking figure standing outside one of the houses. In the building’s front garden there is what seems to be a man – but something is very wrong with him indeed. The man looks to have two heads, three legs and three hands – and makes for a frightening spectacle.
Oddly, he also seems to be standing next to not one but two ladders as well as a bucket.
An assumption is that the man is a window cleaner – but what has happened to his body and why does he need two ladders?
While it’s possible something unearthly has happened, there is likely a more rational explanation.
The weird sight is the result of a technological glitch caused by the Google camera.
In reality, the man most likely has the normal number of limbs and he just has the one ladder.
The photography splicing has caused the problem due to the way the images form.
When taking the photo, the 360-degree cameras shoot multiple pictures to create the seamless image.
This is done by knitting the images together to make it seem realistic.
However, moving objects often ruin the scene as they shift when the photos are taken.
This is far from the first time such a bizarre image has been created by a camera error.
Google Maps Street View once photographed a very sinister-looking image snapped in a remote countryside

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.382343
Retrieved Text: Dziga Vertov's The Man with a Movie Camera is a compelling and delightful exploration of the life of a cameraman in the Soviet Union of the 1920s.
His inclusion of the elements of filmmaking in The Man with a Movie Camera is his attempt to place his passion and his occupation in a role supportive of the communist regime.
The camera cuts from the sleeping woman to the painting on the wall of an old man, positioned as if he too were watching her sleep.
I argue that the very title of the film, The Man with a Movie Camera, is misleading: the film itself demonstrates that cinema is not about capturing truth but creating a mediated reality that is not least made in the generative processes of editing and viewing.
While The Man with a Movie Camera accords the business of film making a special place in society, that integration is made smooth and invisible by the very process of gendering the film's two protagonists, the cinematographer and the editor, according to entirely conventional social patterns.
The kino-eye is the principle underlying all of The Man with a Movie Camera, both by reference to Vertov's various manifestos in which he used the term to differentiate his cinematographic methods from conventional techniques and visually, as an image that fuses the recording glance of the camera with the eye of the spectator.
Man With A Movie Camera is a joyful celebration of all things Russian at the end of the 1920s.
It is clear from the outset that Vertov and his co-creator, cinematographer Mikhail

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.366608
Retrieved Text: A Palm Bay man told police he had no explanation for why he drove to a city utility, dropped his pants directly in front of a security camera and committed a lewd act Monday.
The incident, resulting in a misdemeanor charge for indecent exposure, happened shortly after midnight at the Palm Bay Water Treatment Plant, 250 Osmosis Drive Southeast. A staff member watching the cameras saw the man, later identified as Nicholas Jack Heinzen, 20, of the 300 block of Abernathy Circle, walk up to the camera, police said.
Heinzen, who attempted to mask his face with a napkin, pulled his pants down, turned his back to the camera and bent over, according to his arrest affidavit. He then turned around and fondled himself, police said.
The water plant employee called 911. An officer arrived at the plant as Heinzen was driving away. The officer followed him to the 3400 block of Bayside Lakes Boulevard and pulled Heinzen over. The officer questioned Heinzen about his performance in front of the utility's security camera.
"I asked Nicholas if he had ever done something like this before" the officer wrote in his report. "He advised this was the first time. It was something he had been curious about trying."
Heinzen posted $500 bail at the Brevard County Jail Monday.
"I asked Nicholas what led up to him wanting to" commit this act, the officer wrote. "He advised 'because I am dumb.' "

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.23121
Retrieved Text: Justin Bieber is headed to court! He is being sued by a man who was hit by the Beebs truck when he was trying to leave church. The dude was standing in front of Bieber’s truck with a camera and flash going when Bieber reportedly hit the guy. Bieber was not charged, but now the guy is suing claiming negligence. No word from the Bieber camp, but here’s an idea…don’t stand in front of a huge pick up trying to take pictures!! Just sayin!
Tiger Woods not only had the comeback of the century… winning the masters AND the green jacket, but now will also get the presidential medal of freedom from president Trump, the highest honor a civilian can receive. Michael Jordan and Kareem Abdul Jabar have also received that award in the past.
Ed Helms has been making the talk show rounds promoting his new penguin documentary but everyone wants to know… is there going to be an office reboot? He apparently doesn’t know of anything, but never say never!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.186253
Retrieved Text: I agree, the statue looks incredible! He actually looks like he’s bent over in the before pic, and standing taller in the after. Beautiful job! I’m sure your grandma will be so pleased.
The doghouse is looking good, and hopefully you can get a decent match on your hall paint. I agree with Julia, repaint enough so the different colour starts somewhere they eye kind of “breaks” anyway.
Great job sticking to your list!
Doesn’t he look proud? I sent a picture to my friend and we thought the same thing. I am sure it is the angle of the camera but he looks like he is standing up straighter!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.123665
Retrieved Text: At Shell we offer a comprehensive set of services 24/7, helping you get the most out of your fleet. With over 50 years experience, and having one of the largest fuel station networks in the world, Shell is your perfect partner for the road ahead.
Our single-network cards give you access to 1,100 Shell stations across the UK offering coverage across motorways, main transit routes and in towns and cities. The Multi-network card offers acceptance at over 3,500 stations nationwide including the Shell network as well as our partner locations including Esso, Texaco, Gulf, Gleaners and Circle K. With more than 3,500 stations, it means we’re there for you whenever you need us.
We know that for your business to keep moving your drivers need to refuel as well as your vehicles. Our on-site facilities include food and drink through our partnerships with Deli2Go and Costa coffee, restroom facilities as well as Wi-Fi and seating areas. Operating a HGV fleet? Our network includes HGV-specific sites offering HGV lanes and high-speed pumps to ensure your drivers and be on their way quickly as well as dedicated truck parking and rest areas.
With our national and international cards you can choose where your drivers can use their Shell Fuel Card. When you apply for your card, you can decide whether you want to refuel exclusively at Shell fuel stations (Single Network), or at both Shell and partner network stations (Multi Network).
Plan your routes, download maps and find Shell sites nearby with our Station locator so you never have to detour or

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A cartoon animation video is shown with people wandering around and rockets being shot. two men... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: fight robots of evil and ends with a to be continued.

Ending 2: are then shown in closeups shooting a shot put.

Ending 3: push a child in a speedboat in the water.

Ending 4: look in the cameraman's eye and smile.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.21335
Retrieved Text: An animation done with Zelda universe characters.
Animation of Metal Slug characters defeating the evil Numa Numa.
An animation of stick men getting hit by a car.
A stop action animation with Halo toys.
Another short stop action animation.
An animation about Mario and Luigis wifes rescuing their children.
Learn how to breakdance in this flash dancing tutorial.
A short clip of the dangers of fart burning.
A short animation about making friends.
An interactive nongame that may actually make you more bored.
Make the Queen dance around to your music and the way you want.
A strange nongame where you click people in the video to see them do weird things.
Stick figures against the cursor in flash.
A game to keep the kids busy. Color in a mouse, yay!
Pimp out the cartoon ride in this nongame.
A bloody animation and tribute to the Worms franchise.
A catchy animation about Head Crabs.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.38717
Retrieved Text: The 1935 Fleischer Brothers cartoon Dancing on the Moon gave audiences a peek at the wondrous age of space travel, still decades from becoming a reality. It is difficult to imagine the world of 1935, in the middle of the Great Depression, watching a cartoon like Dancing on the Moon with such optimism. I picture Cecilia, (Mia Farrow) in the Purple Rose of Cairo, escaping her unbearable life through the images on screen.
The experimental nature of using a combination of models and animation for Dancing on the Moon is the most strikingly original aspect of this cartoon classic. The space rockets of today are clearly different from those depicted in the short but the notion of space tourism, (an idea that's been around for quite some time), was clearly an exciting concept for the tired masses of 1935. Check out the short cartoon here.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.777039
Retrieved Text: Cartoon animation videos are very popular today!
Consumers can easily become engaged and entertained easily with cartoon animation videos.
They are short well-constructed storylines that can get to the point easily.
Cartoons are fun and entertaining so of course, they will capture the attention of your audience.
The opportunities are endless to use cartoon animation videos.
Small businesses are using these types of videos to their full advantage on their social media marketing campaigns and on landing pages and in their email marketing campaigns.
Here are some Damn Good Reasons Why to Start Now!
Not everyone is going to aspire to you behind a camera right!
Apart from attracting potential visitors to your site, cartoon animation videos help increase conversions on your site into sales.
This is what the animated videos can do for any business and particularly allowing small business to play in a bigger league.
Words really become tricky while describing any product. But with the help of animated explainer videos gives the viewer a great outline.
It becomes easier for businesses to eliminate all the guesswork and paint an inspiring picture in storyboards to get a complex service across to your audience without losing them.
Studies have proven that the visitors are more curious to find out the details of any video than reading a block of text to read any message.
Statistics have revealed that cartoon animation videos can increase the interest of the target audiences.
People always search for quick and simple ways to understand about any services or products of any brand. But with the help of cartoon animation videos.
Businesses can enjoy greater exposure

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.733887
Retrieved Text: Animiz, the creative cartoon explainer video tool, provides a background editor for users with which you can customize background for your scene, each of scenes. There are also many pre-designed background image(Simple, Landscape, Person, Video, Line and more other classification) and color for you to choose from. Just import an image and you can apply it for one of your scene. If you want to make a unique background color, you can choose to give it the advanced settings. Select the colors and mode like pure, linear or radial.
You would easily find that there are hundreds of shapes in Animiz library, arrows, rectangles, circles, dialogs, etc. Add any shapes at your will to free design your scene layout. One thing should be mentioned that you can customize the color, size and angle of the shapes you add on the canvas. Dialog box, Chemistry, Mathematic and Physical shapes are all the good choice for explaining the science.
Animated roles are indispensable to cartoon explainer video. If the video is served the business, there are several kinds of business men and women or employer and employee for you. Each kind of animated role includes different emotions and actions so that you can express any contents as you like. With the help of animation editor in Timeline, you can add appropriate animation effects for the roles to make them much more smoothly and true.
There are more than 300 animation effects ready for embellishing your cartoon explainer video. The hand-draw animation effect is the most representative one. This engaging animation effect

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.64288
Retrieved Text: Codename: Kids Next Door, also known as Kids Next Door or by its acronym KND, is an American animated television series created by Tom Warburton and produced by Curious Pictures. The series debuted on Cartoon Network on December 6, 2002 and ended on January 21, 2008 after six years.
The series came about as the result of a viewer's poll by Cartoon Network. It briefly aired on Miguzi at 4:00 p.m. The current stratus for this show is "Playing on Cartoon Network Video", meaning that it's not on Cartoon Network but you can watch it on Cartoon Network Video. Since sometime in 2010, the series came back to Cartoon Network as reruns. Sometimes the show comes on weekdays at noon. It stopped airing reruns on Cartoon Network in 2014, but moved to Boomerang beginning in 2015.
Broadcast as two episodes per half-hour (except for a few half-hour episodes), the central characters of the series are five ten-year olds who operate from their treehouse against the tyranny of adults and teenagers. The central characters make up what is known as Sector V of a worldwide organization called the Kids Next Door.
Warburton created a pilot episode for another show, Kenny and the Chimp. Originally, there was a group of children who called themselves "The Kids Next Door" among the recurring characters, and would often get Kenny into trouble. The plot-line was then changed to focus on the group of kids alone, and later, the kids battling adulthood. In 2001, the show's pilot episode, "No P in the OOL", won a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.466845
Retrieved Text: Just consider the characters of the favourite 3D animation movies are the collective goods of 3D artist's extended work hours in pursuit of their very best attribute to be created. Animation studios both large and little use creative artists with a wide background in design and art. That is the reason why skilled artists have the enthusiasm for animation. At Hollywood's golden era, two dimensional animation episodes were attracted by hand. As improvements in technology came together, the techniques utilized in creating cartoons are fine tuned and because of this, 3D animated movies being produced currently are becoming more realistic than their predecessors.
Multi -dimensional images are used in computer animation. In two-dimensional animation different layers or frames are utilized to make motion. In three-dimensional cartoon, the personality is manipulated by moving points along a digital skeleton inside the design. If you would like to be a successful animator from the 3D computer animation business, then you want to concentrate on cartoon careers where chances for advancement exist. Animators today should become technologically savvy.
The usage of the most recent technology and applications to breathe life to the inanimate is now common practice in the sector because computers create animation production jobs simpler. All hope isn't lost if you're interested in cartoon, but aren't blessed with gift or are tech savvy since there are educational opportunities which assist people with their personal computer animation careers. 3D computer animation class offerings incorporate the essentials of artistic layout, drawing, graphic design, video design, cartooning and other principles of cartoons. If

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.459198
Retrieved Text: Ver más: create cartoon character, cartoon character animation maker, create drawing character game, adobe character animator, 2d animation software free, animation software, adobe animate, adobe animate cc tutorial pdf, 2d character animation download, 2d animation, free animation software, create indian character, create cartoon character company, character animation creator, 2d …... Learn Animation Flash Animation Computer Animation Text Animation Adobe Animate Digital Painting Tutorials Digital Art Tutorial Art Tutorials Animation Tutorial Forward This playlist contains my most helpful Adobe Animate CC and Flash tutorials for people interested in breaking into and mastering the program!
The 2D digital visual effects module by Aroha Media is a serious step in professional training. These modules provide step by step instructions for extensive use of flash for visual effects. The content that is covered in these modules is especially designed from and employment perspective... Animation Projects Being able to use a high-powered animation software like Adobe Flash is a skill that can be applied in many different workplace settings. We will begin by completing a few basic tutorials as you learn the basics of the software.
In this tutorial, you will learn how to animate a stick figure or anything else in frame by frame animation with Adobe Flash! Includes source example Flash animation file and tutorial video. Pay what you like!... 2d Animation Syllabus & Activities.pdf - Free download as PDF File (.pdf), Text File (.txt) or read online for free. Some opportunity will be used on screening worldwide enlivened for spark and to study an assortment of styles and strategies.
Adobe Flash

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.226994
Retrieved Text: I need an animator to make a music video with 5 characters and nice cinematography.
I need an After Effects work. I need an anmation for my business based on text animation.
Video Surveillance company, needs 2 second animation of logo of a shield, being hit with a Thor like hammer that embosses a letter T.
Hello All, I need an artist to design concept art for some character for a mobile game. The game is anime style fantasy, the concepts will make designing the ingame character animation much easier. For Now I need 5-10 characters. maybe I will need nore later.
I need to create cartoon and animation for 30 - 40 sec.
I need to edit a 30-second video with animation for a tourist program.
We need to add a button in our footer with a small animation. the button is for our TV page ( Video ), we will post many vidéos on this page. The button need to be very nice, something like Fashion TV. I have attached the copy of our footer so you can have an idea. The button is called : CELINE TV Image has to be very luxury.
I am starting a YouTube channel and I need the following in a creative and attractive way: 1. Channel Logo 2. Channel Intro and Subscribe Video Animation 3. Channel Cover Photo 4. Channel Profile Picture Interested people message me. I need it within a day or two.
I need an Animator who can work with us on Animation Projects such as (Character Animation/Motion Graphics, Typography and Info Graphics)

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.136917
Retrieved Text: Choosing whether to make a live action video or an animated video is probably one of the first big decision points businesses come to when considering video content.
Many of us here at Veed.me have a background in filmmaking, and thus we prefer to show real people and real locations whenever we can. But the truth is that animation can also be a highly effective tool for explaining products.
There’s no magic solution when it comes to making this choice, but there are many factors to consider that may push you in one direction. And one big point to remember is, no matter whether you choose video or animation–you will get what you pay for. High quality, professional work costs money, and the more you invest in it, the better your video will be.
Live action video (in our humble opinion) is often the more daring and original choice these days, since animation has become a bit “overdone,” especially in the startup world. That’s not to say there aren’t certain products or companies which definitely would benefit from an animated video over a live action one.
In general, live action video allows you to highlight and celebrate the human personality and emotion behind your company and product. Seeing real faces and real locations in a video lends a certain cinematic credibility that animation may lack.
If your company produces hard, physical goods (purses, watches, shoes, etc.), video is especially important for showcasing your products to potential customers. If you have a particularly abstract or technical product or service, animation may be

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.018833
Retrieved Text: A very short cartoon (my first).
"Good timing and mixing. Short, but well paced and shot."
A stop motion music video using a variety of animation styles.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.911415
Retrieved Text: 11 Oct Pencil2D is a very interesting animation and drawing software for Windows. If you like traditional hand-drawn cartoons, this tool will definitely. 13 Nov - 21 sec Create a Cartoon video online within minutes. Use the world's largest animation library. 9 Nov 2D animation software - create character. Create 2D Characters. With this one-for -all 2D.
Biteable is the best app to create a cartoon video online - and it's free! scenes to choose from, you'll be able to make a custom animated short film in minutes!. Adobe Animate CC Cartoon animation software. Adobe Animate CC is a potent animation tool to create multiple animated 1. Pencil2D - 3. Photoshop timeline - 5. TVPaint - 6. Toon Boom Harmony. 3 May We spent 96 hours evaluating 2D animation programs, researching user reviews and software features, before making our recommendations.
17 May - 3 min - Uploaded by gordon lee easy animation software for beginners - cartoon making tutorial Get it: http://www. niche-finder. 27 Mar The software supports most of the operating systems existing today. It has been used to create many animated and otherwise movies. Creating your own animation is easy with PowToon, our free animated video your own video in just a few hours with free animated video maker software. 16 Jan An entry-level animation program, CreaToon is cut-out based (all that takes a lot of the headache out of creating cartoon-esque animation. Make professional cartoon animation videos for education, business, marketing and training with Animiz cartoon video creator tool.
6 Oct Here is a list of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.897507
Retrieved Text: 2018 Holiday Book Show RadioWestA good book could be the gift your loved one actually remembers. Local booksellers join us Tuesday to offer the best novels, poetry, non-fiction, and more.
Mickey & Donald & Love & Rockets - Fantagraphics Go All Out in October 2018 Solicits Bleeding Cool NewsFantagraphics continue their archival collections of Disney's Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck strips for Mickey's 90th birthday - and then follows that with.
Mickey Mouse Biography | Disney | History | Walt Disney | Cartoon | Picture | Classic | Animation Kidzworld MediaMickey Mouse is one of the oldest and most famous rodents around. Were taking a look at the life and times of this classic Disney cartoon character!
2018 Team-by-team area softball capsules New Jersey HeraldNJAC American Divsion Jefferson Coach: Amy Pearce (first season) 2017 record: 21-8.
Bringing Disney’s European Adventures to American Readers The New York TimesThe imprint Fantagraphics is issuing some Mickey and Donald comics in the United States starting in May as part of its “Disney Masters” series.
The voice of Diego is it just me or was that a different voice in the third installment I swear it doesnt sound like the same voice from the first two is it a different actor or the same one and he just had a cold that week.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.859589
Retrieved Text: Small satellites are usually launched to space as secondary payloads aboard big rockets, but DARPA’s Airborne Launch Assist Space Access (ALASA) program could change that. Folks under that project have been working on small rockets that can carry 100-pound satellites into orbit since 2011, but now DARPA has released a video showing how the takeoff process works. As you’ll see in the animation below the fold, those rockets have to be light, because they’re designed to be carried by unmodified jets into the air, before they’re released to make their way into space. Since the planes will serve as the “first stage,” (hence, reusable) the government/military/companies with access to the technology will be able save money.
In fact, each launch will only cost $1 million (a SpaceX launch costs around $55 million, but that’s already cheap for a big rocket), and rockets can be deployed within 24 hours of being commissioned. But enough about the project’s details: you should seriously watch the video below to see how a jet-small rocket combo can take a satellite to space.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.46178
Retrieved Text: In Tom and Jerry Coloring Pages Printables article you can find two coloring pages of Tom and Jerry for the kids with age group of 3 to 5 years. Since animation characters and lovable for all kids. So, they will definitely like to color these images.
The Tom and Jerry are two most famous cartoon characters in many cartoon movies in Television shows. This animation series is made by William Henna and Joshep Barbera who are the cartoon film maker in United state of America. There are many Tom and Jerry animation series shown in the cartoon network channels, world wide. Out of the two main characters, the cat is named as 'Tom' and the mouse is named as 'Jerry' in this cartoon film.
The coloring pages of Tom and Jerry has been presented here for kids with age group of 3 to 5 years. All kids of this age love to watch Tom and Jerry Cartoons, like any thing. So, coloring Tom and Jerry images in these worksheets will be very entertaining for them. Provide print outs of Tom and Jerry Coloring Pages Printables to your kids and let them color as they like to do.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.429295
Retrieved Text: for digital marketers, designers and teachers.
Without paying one penny you can own the amazing cartoon animation software easily. Besides having no worry about the budget, you can also feel free about the operational issue. Animiz offers tons of pre-designed materials including templates, backgrounds, images, animated characters, animation effects and more. Everyone can smart apply this cartoon animation software. With the powerful drag-and-drop function, make your professional video easily and publish it in multiple formats.
Want your cartoon animation video standing out from the crown? Animiz gives you the chance. Almost everything in your video can be made by yourselves. Express your creative thinking with the dazzling material library. Put together all the pieces into a wonderful work. Get your cartoon animation video under your won operation. The final cartoon animation video should include music, animated characters, animation effects, beautiful background, animated scenes and other multimedia. The animated video is sure to surprise your audiences.
Actually, as for a successful animation video, the subtitle and recording play the important role in your video. Increasing the readability and intelligibility, subtitle and recording can embellish your animation video easily. Of course, that is quite simple to insert subtitle and recording in Animiz. Just with the Timeline, you can free to add caption and voiceover as you like. In addition, make them synchronously play in each scene to keep step with your video contents. Amaze your audiences with these elaborate arrangements.
No any designing skills? No any animation creating experience? Animiz powerful animation effects help you out. There are 300+ splendid animation effects

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.398354
Retrieved Text: Relish Infosoft is an Award winning Multimedia Graphics and Animation Training Institute in Pune, which is accredited for INTERNATIONAL ACCREDITED INSTITUTION FROM UNITED STATE OF AMERICA, USA and ISO 9001:2008 CERTIFIED by JAS-ANZ Australia and New Zealand in Cartoon Animation Institute offers you an International level education quality in Graphic Design, DTP, Audio and Video, 2D Animation, 3D Animation, SFX (Special Effect) and VFX (Visual Effect), Roto, Paint, Depth, Conversion, Stereo and all Graphics and Animation Courses in Pune. Relish Infosoft courses are Internationally Accredited Top 10 Animation Institute and are globally recognized in 180 countries in the world. Relish Infosoft is providing Cartoon Animation Institute with the latest software like [Page Maker, Illustrator, Photoshop, Corel Draw, Indesign, Sound Forge, Audition, Premier Pro, Pinnacle Studio, Flash, Swish, 3Ds Max, Maya, After Effect, Fusion, Avid , FCP, Nuke. Silhouette], After completion of the courses candidate can make his career as a Graphic Designer, Layout Designer, Background Artist, Creative Artist, Audio Video Editor, Compositing Specialist, Roto Artist, Character Animator, 3D Modeler, 2D Animator, 3D Animator, Games Designer, Visualize & many more... Relish Infosoft is Cartoon Animation Institute in Pune which had taken Maharashtra Shikshan Ratna Award in 2006 and International Animation Excellency Award in 2010 and in 2013 Relish Infosoft awarded as INTERNATIONAL ACCREDITATION INSTITUTE from UNITED STATE OF AMERICA, HOUSTON, USA. Now in 2014 Relish Infosoft has been awarded as an ISO 9001:2008 CERTIFIED by JAS-ANZ Australia and New Zealand in GRAPHICS AND ANIMATION INSTITUTE. Relish Infosoft is the brand leading name in Cartoon Animation Institute who

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.36707
Retrieved Text: Anime will be the word used to describe Japanese animated movies, as it is the term in Japanese for animation. In 1917, Japanese animation first came into being but, the anime styles that individuals see today didn't arrive before 1960s. Within the 1980s anime was unveiled in the outside world. The crowd for anime in Japan is huge and also the distributors usually are not restricted regarding their distribution and are permitted to distribute anime to television, video, theatre and the Internet. East and Southeast Asia were the first to watch anime on the web and recently it has become popular in the western world where one can now watch free anime online..
Many people see anime as a possible talent since the visual varieties of anime vary from artist to artist and from studio to studio. A number of the styles are wild and exaggerated although some require a more realistic approach. Modern anime doesn't share a skill style, because there are different styles found in anime. Regardless of well-known difference in styles people all the styles as anime. The most typical characteristics of anime are specific features including large eyes, big hair and short or elongated legs. Japanese calligraphy and painting includes a strong influence in anime.
The proportions with the character's bodies come from the human body. Whether or not the character's is small or elongated it is usually proportionate. A number of the anime characters took around the look from the western cartoon characters where certain parts of the body are increased.
Anime films and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.32565
Retrieved Text: Search Results for "energy sun"
Skateboarder in the street. Person on skateboard in slow-mo. Towards the sun. Energy of young generation.
United States 1950s: Building covered in glass. Energy from sun travels through windows. Animation shows flow of energy as sun heats room. Animation of plants growing inside a greenhouse. Lady climbs into a hot car. Lady points at picture of a house.
United States 1950s: Cartoon of sun producing energy. Cartoon of sun producing money which gets paid into sun power bank. Cartoon showing money being withdrawn from a bank whilst man in deposits section sleeps.
United States: 1950s: Man does experiment in lab. Man collects energy from sun on his machine. Lady cooking food using solar energy. Boats travelling along water. Wheel spinning as it converts energy from heat. Two men talk to cartoons on screen.
4K Beautiful windmill turbines harnessing clean, green, wind energy silhouetted in the sunset sky with sun rays. Green energy.
Sun batteries on a sky background, close up. Working panels get the energy from the sun.
1980s: Research laboratory on a refitted oil tanker names "Ocean Energy Converter." Sun shines through the mast. A man on deck looks through binoculars.
United States 1950s: Scientist works on a distillery. Dark substance being poured into to container. Scientist uses powder in baking. Scientist removes vial of liquid from machine. Diagram shows energy of sun and production level.
United States: 1950s: Machine uses large dome to set wood on fire using solar energy. Device captures energy from sun. People using solar energy for cooking.
United States: 1950s: Heat from hand makes train

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.27893
Retrieved Text: Www.digitalplayspace.com - Xbox $20 Gift Card Digital Download. An animation is defined as a visual shift in a spectacle with respect to time. The visual change in the scene isn't only linked to the shift in the career of this thing, but also with its shape, color, transparency, texture and structure. An important point about animation is that it usually signifies the hand drawn or artificially drawn series of pictures, which contrasts to the pictures where actors performances together with real life scenes are recorded. This is associated to Xbox $20 Gift Card Digital Download.
Cartoon is rapidly becoming a very popular career choice for all those considering combining their love for art by using their love for calculating. With movies like Monsters Inc. and Cars holding the interest of children and adults alike, it's no surprise that animation technicians are becoming popular after.
Associated to Xbox $20 Gift Card Digital Download, This informative article talks regarding the variance of cartoon and anime, as well as definition of every in several categories. Anime, mostly from Japan, shows by itself being quite a bit deeper and nicely thought-out in plot and character advancement than those people of cartoons.
In the event you had been to talk to lots of people what their preferred productions ended up little question every single might have their very own unique lists. You'll be amazed in the quantity of animated ones that will be included. So if who at any time reported that cartoons are for teenagers? They may be a thing that touches the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.192759
Retrieved Text: Rudolf Ising, one of Walt Disney's original artists but better known for creating animation studios than animated characters, is dead.
The co-founder (with the late Hugh Harman) of the prolific Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoon factories was 88 when he died Saturday in Newport Beach where he had retired in the 1970s.
Ising's beginnings in animation dated to his youth in Kansas City, Mo., when he answered a newspaper advertisement for a cartoonist in the early 1920s. He met Disney about that same time and Disney hired him to ink the drawings for "Newton Laugh-O-Grams," Disney's initial attempt at animation named for the Newton Theater in Kansas City where they were shown.
That marked the beginning of a five-decade career.
Ising followed Disney to California a few years later to work on "Alice in Cartoonland" and the "Oswald Rabbit" series, and with Disney, Harman and Ub Iwerks churned out the Laugh-O-Gram Films.
He and Harman separated from Disney to pursue their own careers. Their first cartoon was "Bosko, the Talk-Ink Kid" in 1929. Their work, like their mentor's, featured appealing characters and animation that was sophisticated and sensitive--for its time. Bosko was an ink-blot tyke who signed off by saying "That's all, folks," a phrase later made immortal by Porky Pig. "Bosko" came in the infancy of sound pictures and was the first animated film to synchronize movement to speech. Disney's "Steamboat Willie" a year earlier had music and sound effects but no dialogue.
The film's success brought Harman-Ising to the attention of Warner Bros. where their first Looney Tune was

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.172134
Retrieved Text: Posted on September 6, 2013 by Adamu Waziri and filed under African Culture, Fun Stuff and tagged african cartoon characters.
This was an event put together in Paris by Pour Une Meilleure Afrique called Journée Découverte du Dessin Animé Africain or Discovery Day of African Cartoon. It's a great event where a collection of African animation is shown to children and activities are based around it. This video shows young girls having fun learning about different fruits and healthy eating. This was after watching the Bino and Fino episode 'Bino's Cold' in which Bino and Fino learn about the importance of healthy eating.
Posted on July 8, 2013 by Adamu Waziri and filed under African kids cartoon, Fun Stuff and tagged african cartoon characters.
Enjoy this episode with the kids! Buy the Bino and Fino DVD right here.
Posted on June 7, 2013 by Adamu Waziri and filed under African kids cartoon, Black Kids Cartoon and tagged African children's shows african cartoon characters.
As you know we are very passionate about children’s animated content from Africa. Some of you have asked us if we know of any other projects like ours. There are a few projects in development or that are finished that we know of so we will list them here for you. The list is by no means complete as sometimes it is hard to get news about them. Where possible we try to show content produced in Africa with an educational slant. So here is the list and we’ll do our best to keep it up to date.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.028484
Retrieved Text: What’s New on Cartoon Network?
Cartoon Network, the “Comeback Kid” of basic cable, seems to be winding up for an exciting year. Not only do we have returning favorites, like the Amazing World of Gumball and Steven Universe (eventually), but we’ve also got a lot of new material to look forward to.
Love it or hate it, the fleeting character from the original LEGO movie now has her own flash animation cartoon series. And you know what? It’s honestly not terrible. While it does fall into the same vein of humor as Teen Titans Go, not every episode of either show is worthy of the disdain they get. The only major complaint I have is that the show should have been done in CGI of some kind, because otherwise, her head spinning around is entirely lost in its effectiveness. Otherwise, the show is usually cute and charming, especially Richard.
But don’t go in expecting true depth or character development, just goofing around.
Did you ever wonder what it might be like if The IT Crowd and Regular Show had a baby? No? Well, that’s okay, because Apple and Onion is still a uniquely charming and refreshingly diverse kind of show. It’s a world populated by food that has no qualms or questions about eating other food. Sometimes, they’re very aware of it, and other times it doesn’t register how bizzare the concept is. But the two main characters have the kind of sweet nievity that would probably get a person killed in rela life. The good news for them, is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.012781
Retrieved Text: Www.digitalplayspace.com - Vr Outer Space. This informative article talks in regards to the big difference of cartoon and anime, plus the definition of each in various categories. Anime, primarily from Japan, reveals itself for being a whole lot further and well thought-out in plot and character improvement than people of cartoons.
In case you ended up to check with lots of individuals what their beloved productions were no doubt every single would have their unique particular person lists. You'd probably be surprised in the number of animated types that would be integrated. Therefore if who ever reported that cartoons are for children? They're something which touches the hearts of your young and outdated for either gender. This really is connected to Vr Outer Space.
Cartoon is rapidly becoming an extremely popular career choice for those considering combining their love for art with their love for calculating. With movies like Monsters Inc. and Cars holding the interest of children and adults alike, so it's not surprising that cartoon technicians are becoming more sought after.
Related to Vr Outer Space, 3D Cartoon animation has occur up as amongst the most endorsed technologies in today's computer age. That is a type of graphic imaging which has taken around second or scale product puppets too as drawings which were being generally often known as stop motion animation. Around the a long time, there has been an ever raising interest in cartoon flicks in addition given that the use of 3D cartoon animation during the media for endorsement of name names which has initiated

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.996582
Retrieved Text: A few videos from last year’s chart hits to catch up with today.
I mentioned this song in my giant New Hits catchup from late last year, but the video wasn’t out at that point. I found that it’s subsequently appeared online when I was trawling YouTube this morning.
It’s a fairly typical hip-hop video – urban setting, illicit substances, lots of bling – so it doesn’t really stand out among the many similar songs that have been in the charts lately. The baby doll on fire is probably the most visually interesting point, but I’m not really sure what it’s meant to represent.
Another one I mentioned on the giant catchup. I said then that I didn’t think there’d be a video made for this due to XXXTentacion’s death, but I spoke too soon – they’ve made an animated one!
I really like animated videos as they’re much more interesting than live action ones – live action videos can be very generic these days as they all tend to follow the familiar themes of their genre (urban settings and bling for hip-hop, random backpacking kids wandering around Thailand or Ibiza for EDM, bright colours and hundreds of costume changes for pop). The animation follows XXXTentacion wandering around a desolate landscape with lots of vines and water and other pretty visuals, and it’s all very arty and soothing.
This urban-set video is brightened up very nicely by all the squiggly neon animations that have been added to the edges of the buildings (very ’80s!), as well as the fact that they

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.968025
Retrieved Text: Www.digitalplayspace.com - Twc Digital Adapter. In case you were being to check with lots of people what their preferred productions ended up without a doubt each and every might have their own person lists. You would probably be amazed at the quantity of animated ones that will be integrated. Therefore if who ever said that cartoons are for children? They are something that touches the hearts in the youthful and old for both gender. This is often linked to Twc Digital Adapter.
A cartoon is defined as a visual shift in a spectacle with respect to time. The visual change in the spectacle isn't just associated with the shift in the position of this thing, but also using its own shape, color, transparency, texture and structure. An important point about animation is that it usually signifies the hand drawn or artificially drawn sequence of images, which contrasts into the movies where actors performances together with real life scenes have been recorded.
Cartoon is quickly becoming a very popular career choice for all those considering combining their love for art by using their love for computing. With pictures like Monsters Inc. and Cars holding the interest of kids and adults alike, so it's not surprising that animation technicians are becoming popular after.
3D Cartoon animation has appear up as amongst essentially the most endorsed technologies in today's personal computer age. It is a kind of graphic imaging which has taken around second or scale model puppets likewise as drawings which ended up frequently often called stop motion animation. About the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.96051
Retrieved Text: I’m warm, light and only $49.90 at UNIQLO ?
Written by Carson Ting. Posted on October 3, 2017. Filed under Blogging. Tagged chairman ting, uniqlo. Comments Off on I’m warm, light and only $49.90 at UNIQLO ?.
It’s always fun to see yourself in advertisements. Saw the UNIQLO ad I was in last night on Facebook and had a giggle with my family. Thanks again Rethink Canada for having me be part of this UNIQLO launch campaign.
Written by Carson Ting. Posted on September 26, 2012. Filed under Drawings, Animation. Tagged Cartoon Network, animation, chairman ting. Comments Off on Station ID Bumpers for The Cartoon Network.
We’re super proud to have been approached and commissioned by The Cartoon Network for this super fun project. We presented a bunch of concepts for the good folks at the Cartoon Network back in May and they picked these two concepts, T-Bone and Graffiti Writer A.
Written by Carson Ting. Posted on April 29, 2010. Filed under Drawings. Tagged animation, caramel macchiato, chairman ting. Comments Off on The curious story of a medium sized cup of Caramel Macchiato.
Another motion animation project. Shot on a Nikon D90 and a Nikkor 85mm F1.4 MF lens.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.92316
Retrieved Text: Www.digitalplayspace.com - Baby Animal Pictures For Nursery. In case you were to request lots of people what their preferred productions have been undoubtedly each would have their very own personal lists. You'd be amazed for the number of animated ones that would be integrated. Therefore if who ever claimed that cartoons are for teenagers? These are a thing that touches the hearts with the youthful and outdated for both gender. This really is related to Baby Animal Pictures For Nursery.
Associated to Baby Animal Pictures For Nursery, Cartoon is rapidly becoming an extremely popular career choice for all those considering combining their love for art with their love for computing. With movies like Monsters Inc. and Cars holding the interest of children and adults alike, so it's no surprise that cartoon technicians have become more sought after.
This short article talks about the big difference of cartoon and anime, as well as the definition of each and every in several types. Anime, mostly from Japan, reveals itself for being a lot further and nicely thought-out in plot and character progress than people of cartoons.
An animation is defined like an visual change in a spectacle related to time. The visual change in the scene is not only connected to the change in the position of the object, but also having its contour, color, transparency, structure and texture. An important point about animation is that it usually suggests the hand drawn or drawn sequence of images, which contrasts to the movies where performers performances with real-world scenes are recorded.
3D Cartoon

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.905348
Retrieved Text: South African media news website – The Media Online has interviewed the channel manager of Turner Africa (and France) – Julien Borde, in the interview, Julien talked about the new pop-up channel in Africa – Superhero HQ, new local content and viewing ratings.
Regarding the temporary pop-up channel – Superhero HQ (Super-powered by Cartoon Network), Julien said a channel was needed to target both adults and kids, as 51% of CN’s audience are in fact adults and includes adults who watch animation with their children, as TV shows and movies about superheroes are popular at the moment, it was an ideal theme for the pop-up channel. Superhero HQ was set up to air during the school holidays, which is when children’s television broadcasters have a captive audience and Cartoon Network wanted to make use of its animation library, which includes CN’s original programming, content from Warner Bros. Animation and some acquisitions. In order to localise the channel for an African audience, Turner hired South African comedian Mojak Lehoko who created some superhero related comedy sketches for the channel.
Julien Borde also said that there will be more local content appearing on Cartoon Network Africa very soon, including a second season of the dance show – Pop Up Party and magic show – WOOALA! Pop Up Party season two will feature 15 super-talented kids from different backgrounds in Cape Town going head to head to express themselves through movement and dance. In WOOALA!, Wian, a 23-year-old South African magician, will use everyday objects to perform illusions and magic tricks

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.844088
Retrieved Text: The Purple and WhiteWarner Bros. vs. Disney: Who’s the Better Cartoon?
Warner Bros. vs. Disney: Who’s the Better Cartoon?
Warner Bros. and Disney have produced what arguably are the greatest cartoons ever made by American animation studios, but which studio made the better cartoons? To find an answer to this question, analyzing each studio’s style in their classic cartoons might be the best move to make.
Classic Disney cartoons, starring characters like Elmer Elephant (from the cartoon of the same name) and Mickey Mouse, are very bright and colorful, and usually not very heavy on the dialogue. In that sense, I would consider the Disney cartoons to be aimed more towards the younger crowd. Yet what about the cartoons produced by Warner Bros. Animation Studio?
While viewed today as being the stereotypical “slapstick” cartoon, the Warner Bros. cartoons took a different direction than the Disney ones. Take for example the famous “Duck Hunting” trilogy starring Elmer Fudd, Bugs Bunny, and Daffy Duck.
In that series of cartoons, most of the cartoon’s running time is comprised of Bugs and Daffy arguing about who the slapstick is going to happen to, leading to Daffy Duck being shot in the face. This stands in a sharp contrast with, for example, Elmer Elephant, which is mostly a very dialogue-scarce short except for where it is needed, and is a motion-based cartoon.
Thus, could it be argued that the Disney cartoons are aimed at the younger crowd, while those made by Warner Bros. are directed to older audiences? Now, this is not to say that younger children

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.77991
Retrieved Text: Master the art of animating a cartoon walk cycle action with AMB Animation Academy’s Cartoon Walk study Pack. Learning advanced animation techniques has never been quicker or simpler.
I have designed this fun cartoon walk cycle based on many messages and skype sessions received from a multitude of questions ranging from amateurs, college graduates, professional animators and members of the indiedev , gamedev and game design community who understand basic walk actions but struggle at injecting fun and personality into them. The cycle features a cartoon character in its construction stage. This is so that a clear understanding can be gathered from the movement and shape manipulation via drawing and construction.
By downloading the cartoon walk cycle pack you’ll learn how to animate in a way beyond watching or reading. One of the most effective ways that I leaned animation was when I trained under a former Disney, Warner’s, and Bluth Animator. He would often give me piles of animation paper all with animation drawings and notes scribbled on them. I flipped through them, analysed the movement in accordance to the notes and then had a go at drawing in-between and breakdown frames. This process taught me more about animation in 3 days than the 3 years that I spent, wandering aimlessly in the dark at art school scratching my head in response to the rhetoric thrown at me from ill-informed and underdeveloped lecturers.
By downloading the pack you benefit from an interactive form of learning in a manner that a book or video cannot provide. You also help

================



======= Instance Index 8 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is holding a pocket knife while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness. then he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: opens a can of oil put oil on the knife, and puts oil on a knife and press it through a can filled with oil then cuts several pieces from the sandwiches.

Ending 2: takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone.

Ending 3: uses the knife to shave his leg.

Ending 4: sand the rocks and tops them by using strong pressure.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.654686
Retrieved Text: Best Boot Knife | Top Survival Kit of the Year 2019 for Everyone!
Are you a travel enthusiast? If so, you already know the need for being well equipped in the wilderness. One of these safety measures, including owning the best small boot knife!
Self-defense is an important issue and you will need some sort of weapons for that. Carrying firearms is not easy and it needs permission in different parts of the world.
But there are no strict rules about carrying a sharp tool like a karambit. The sole intention is self-defense.
A couple of days ago I was talking with my friend about hunting, and he was lamenting that while his knives were good in their job, they didn’t look nearly as good as cutlery knives, or even Swiss knives.
That got me thinking – are all hunting knives, and utility knives in general, bad looking?
A couple of years back I went on a camping trip with my girl gang and took my trusted old Swiss Army knife with me. But with all the trekking, it was getting difficult fitting the knife in my trouser pocket.
When it comes to the best Skinning Knife there is a variety of things that you will need to consider, some skinning Knives will have a straight edge on them while others come with a gut hook.
More than 30 years of experience, research and development have gone into finding the best steel and handle materials as well as manufacturing methods in order to create a Spyderco Knife.So when you hold a Spyderco knife in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.21081
Retrieved Text: Gregory Frazier, 56, was shot by BSO deputies Friday night in Pompano Beach.
UPDATE 9/13/16: On Monday, September 12, the Broward Sheriff's Office released audio of the two 911 calls placed by Gregory Frazier's family members leading up to the shooting. However, Frazier’s family and BSO disagree on several key details of what happened that Friday night.
Two deputies from the Broward Sheriff's Office fatally shot a man in Pompano Beach around 10 p.m. Friday.
Deputies were responding to a call about a domestic disturbance. When they arrived, they were directed to the backyard, where the man (whose name has not yet been released) was holding a knife. Both deputies opened fire. Pompano Beach Fire Rescue later confirmed the man was dead on the scene.
Neighbors who were present at the time of the shooting say the man was shot in the back six times. BSO has not yet confirmed that claim.
The incident is under investigation, and both deputies have been placed on administrative leave.
UPDATE: Friends and family confirmed the victim was Gregory Frazier, age 56, who lived at the Pompano Beach home where the shooting took place. His sister Deborah had called 911 because he had been arguing with her daughter. He had a knife in his hand — the small, Swiss Army-style pocket knife that he always carried — she told dispatchers.
By the time officers arrived, the argument was over, and Frazier was sitting outside in his backyard while eating chicken wings and fries. Quartaze Woodard, Frazier's nephew, who was at the scene, says three deputies showed up

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.41866
Retrieved Text: “What would you do if you found yourself stranded in the wilderness? You don’t have anything (no supplies) but the clothes on your back”.
I pondered this for a time.
The first thing I would require would be sheltered. With no knife and no other equipment, I’d be hard pressed and would have to use both my ingenuity and what was at hand.
I made a mental note to keep a knife on me the next time I was in the wilderness. Not just a pocket knife, but a really good survival type knife. That would certainly make the adventure far easier to survive.
I would have several depending on where I was stranded. I could take smaller trees and break them down by moving them back and forth and design a lean-to or teepee type structure. If I put some broken off evergreen boughs over the top it might protect me from rain and wind.
I could remove my belt or use my shoelaces to tie the top together. It might make for some loose fitting pants or floppy shoes but at least I’d have shelter.
Maybe I need a paracord bracelet too. I made a mental note to purchase one and wear it daily.
I could dig into a hillside if one were available with a good rock and make a cave-like shelter. That would certainly protect me from the weather elements and if I made the entrance fairly narrow I could maybe find something to put in front of it like a pile of rocks to hide if I needed

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.633476
Retrieved Text: Meanwhile, a guard grabbed Broden from behind and then wrapped an arm around his neck in a vise-like grip while holding, in his other hand, a knife at his throat. Its blade glittered in the lamplight.
His eyes wide, Broden struggled to release his captor’s hold.
The knife came closer, grazing his skin. A trickle of blood dribbled down his neck.
Broden’s eyes flashed up to find Zarek sitting, a grin on his face.
When the man in black loosened his grip, Broden pushed him off. Then he shook himself. Grabbing the sides of his vest and straightening up, he turned to the guard with the grut and glared at him.
“Take the beast away,” Zarek ordered the man.
Grinding his teeth, Broden turned to face his father. “Why the grut?” he asked.
He grinned, but said nothing.
The emperor sat back and slouched, nonchalantly. “And what matter is that?” His melodious baritone voice seemed to reverberate off the walls.
Once again, Broden glared at the man who’d attacked him before his eyes flickered back toward his father.
“I’d prefer to discuss it with you in private,” he said.
With a grin and a shake of his head, Zarek waved his hand toward those in attendance, four regular guards, and two succedunt soldiers. One by one, they turned away and exited through a back door.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.944733
Retrieved Text: BOYSTOWN — A Lakeview man and a transgender woman are facing charges after threatening each other with knives during a stand-off in the middle of Belmont Avenue on Monday evening, police said. Passers-by and motorists called 911 around 9:20 p.m. and reported the two were standing off the middle of traffic at 826 West Belmont while brandishing knives.
Arriving officers reported seeing 22-year-old David Spearman and 67-year-old Patrick Thomas “in a fighting stance” while “surrounded” by traffic, according to court records.
Spearman, also known as Xarla Flucillon, and Thomas are each charged with reckless conduct and unlawful use of a weapon. They are free on recognizance bonds. Police said Thomas was holding a folding pocket knife while Spearman was brandishing a steak knife and a vegetable peeler.
LAKEVIEW — A 45-year-old man told police that he was robbed and hit over the head by three men near the 1200 block of West Belmont on Wednesday morning. The man was on foot near Belmont and Racine around 9:30 a.m. when the three offenders approached and one of them struck him on the head with an unknown blunt object. The three then took his cash and fled. The man was treated for a head injury at Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center and released, according to police.
LINCOLN SQUARE — Police are seeking an unknown man who allegedly masturbated on a woman as they rode the Brown Line around 3:45 p.m. Tuesday. The victim exited the train after the incident when the train arrived at the Western station. She said the offender is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.48727
Retrieved Text: DETECTIVES are warning the public to beware of a vicious knife-wielding robber who is stalking the town on a mountain bike.
The thug has already struck twice, leaving one of his victims, a 19-year-old woman, afraid to leave her house at night after she had a six-inch hunting knife held to her throat.
Police say the offender first struck on April 12 when the 19-year-old victim was walking along Liverpool Road in Widnes.
She noticed a man on a mountain bike ride past her and then moments later felt someone reaching into her pocket.
The victim turned to see the robber straddling his crossbar and holding her mobile phone.
After the terrified woman pleaded with him to return her phone, police said he produced a hunting knife and held it to her throat, forcing her to hand over cash.
The next day, in Avondale Drive, a 58-year-old man was confronted by the same thug.
Again producing a knife, the robber demanded cash from his victim who fled up a nearby driveway.
The robber is white, in his late teens or early 20s, 6ft tall, unshaven and has a Widnes accent.
He was wearing a three-quarter length black coat and was riding a black mountain bike.
Anyone with information should contact DC Morgan on 01244 61 39 52.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.468655
Retrieved Text: A 39-year-old man is in detention for the alleged stabbing murder of a 35-year-old Senegalese man on Geneva city streets over the weekend.
The victim died on the Rue de Carouge after being stabbed several times with an Opinel pocket knife on Saturday night, the Geneva prosecutor’s office said on Tuesday.
He collapsed in front of a bar in the Plainpalais neighbourhood at around 11.30pm, the office said, confirming previous media reports.
The alleged attacker, a naturalized Swiss citizen originally from The Gambia, was arrested by cantonal police at his home on Sunday night.
The victim “was suffering from many cuts from a knife, of the Opinel type, including one fatally to the heart,” Vincent Derouand, a spokesman for the prosecutor’s office told 20 Minutes.
The knife was habitually carried by the attacker and was seized by police upon his arrest, 20 Minutes reported online.
The newspaper earlier reported that the attack was brought on after the Senegalese man visited the home of the alleged attacker’s former wife.
The victim, who was known to the woman, was hanging about outside her apartment building when she reluctantly invited him in.
The woman told 20 Minutes that she asked the man to leave because he was drunk but he refused and sat down on a couch.
An altercation ensued, which resulted in the woman losing a tooth when she bit him, the newspaper reported, citing the woman’s evidence.
She fled the apartment and contacted her former husband who confronted the man.
The Senegalese man left, holding his stomach.
The woman said that her ex-husband told her, “I cut him with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.979921
Retrieved Text: One of the alleged victims told police the man was mad because the other woman hadn't rolled cigarettes for him, and he didn't like them hanging out.
AYR TOWNSHIP - Unrolled cigarettes and sour feelings toward a friendship prompted a McConnellsburg man to attack two women with a knife and threaten to kill them over the weekend, one of the women told state police.
Daniel James Shields II, 31, was charged with four felony counts of aggravated assault, two misdemeanor counts of terroristic threats, four misdemeanor counts of simple assault and two summary counts of harassment, according to online court records.
He is in Bedford County Prison in lieu of $50,000 bail, court records show. A preliminary hearing is scheduled for July 30.
State police saw a blood-covered shirt and a folding knife on the kitchen table upon responding at about 4:30 a.m. Sunday to 26 Gerald Circle, a trooper wrote in court documents filed in the office of Magisterial District Judge Wendy R. Mellott. Shields, whose location had been unknown, walked in the door and appeared highly intoxicated. He was wearing shorts and socks but no shirt, and had dried blood on his upper body, police said.
Police went to Fulton County Medical Center to interview the alleged victims, who were in the emergency room being treated for various cuts, abrasions and bruises.
The first woman said she and a second woman had been at a party at another home on Gerald Circle when Shields, also known as "Tig," arrived and began belittling and cursing at the second woman, according to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.951227
Retrieved Text: A crisp sound drifted into her ears, and then she felt the touch of something cold and sharp on her neck. The man holding her hostage leaned into her ear and whispered threateningly, "If you do not want me to slice your neck, you'd better listen to me obediently."
Then, Song Qingchun saw the man drop a backpack he was carrying on the floor. He pulled Song Qingchun roughly and forced her to look at the bag as he kicked it and added with warning, "Take out the working clothes inside and put them on."
The man didn't have the patience to drag this out, so when he noticed Song Qingchun had hesitated for three seconds, he pushed the knife he had on her neck deeper and hissed, "Quick!"
Song Qingchun felt a shot of pain come from her neck, and something sticky trickled down. She was scared into motion. She bent over to take the overalls out from the backpack and put them over her dress.
As she pulled the overalls over her head, she surreptitiously slipped off the jewelry she had on and dropped them into the overalls' pocket.
After she put the overalls fully on, the man immediately urged her to start moving. Worried that he might discover the purse she'd left on the sink counter, Song Qingchun didn't struggle and followed his order obediently. The man's arm was placed intimately on her waist, but in reality, that was where the knife was held. They exited the bathroom like that, joined to each other.
Before entering the emergency exit,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.824945
Retrieved Text: #20948537 - Poverty and hunger concept with a fork and knife on a broken..
#41980001 - A portrait of a hungry man looking at big hamburger in front..
#53498626 - Displeased young woman eating green leaf lettuce. Shallow depth..
#22091275 - Closeup of black african child holding rotten apple.
#36628360 - An unrecognizable man wearing black shirt sitting at a table..
#50253093 - closeup of a piece of paper with the text I am hungry in the..
#26746497 - Hungry labrador retriever is feeding at home.
#37352220 - An unrecognizable man holding fork & knife, sleeping head on..
#66770007 - Boy having stomach ache, cartoon style vector illustration isolated..
#34204608 - Longhair cat and Australian Shepherd closeups. Image cropped..
#36416818 - Man at dinner table with fork and knife raised. Hunger strike..
#53728632 - Displeased young woman sitting at the empty plate. Shallow depth..
#40890989 - Hungry pretty woman is biting hamburger gradually. Isolated on..

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.568172
Retrieved Text: Eduardo Vasquez, 60. Photo via Crimewatch.
A Penndel Borough man is sitting in Bucks County Prison awaiting trial for an incident in which he allegedly used a knife to trap his ex-girlfriend. The charges against Eduardo Vasquez, 60, include aggravated assault, terroristic threats, and false imprisonment.
Police responded to a call of domestic violence in early November in the Mill Creek apartments. They arrived at the scene on the evening of November to find the victim standing in the parking lot, holding a bloody knife.
She claimed the weapon was one of two knives Vasquez, her ex-boyfriend, wielded to trap her. According to the victim, Vasquez had trouble separating himself from the situation and wanted to get back together.
In an attempt to escape, Vasquez’s ex-girlfriend tried to distract him and burst towards the door. Vasquez then attacked her and during the struggle Vasquez sustained a wound to his hand.
The victim was able to call 911. While she was on the phone, she claims Vasquez tried to kill himself via hanging, but disappeared before police showed up.
Vasquez ended up at St. Mary’s Medical center for treatment and was turned over to the Penndel Police department to be charged and processed. He waived the charges in court last week.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.151564
Retrieved Text: (Mankato, MN) – A Mankato man is facing felony charges after he allegedly held his father at knifepoint.
Jeremy Michael Freundl, 32 of Mankato, was charged with felony counts of 2nd degree assault, and committing a crime while wearing a bullet resistant vest. Freundl also faces gross misdemeanor charges of domestic assault and interrupting emergency telephone calls.
According to the complaint, police were dispatched to the 100 block of Maple Drive on November 26, where they found Freundl with a knife in his hand pointed at his father. The victim was holding Freundl’s arm and struggling to keep from getting stabbed.
The responding officer drew his weapon and ordered Freundl to drop the knife, but the struggle continued, according to court documents. Freundl eventually discarded the knife, but refused to get on the ground, so officers used a taser to subdue and arrest him. A search of Freundl’s person revealed he was wearing body armor that he’d apparently recently purchased overseas, according to the complaint.
Witnesses on the scene said that Freundl had drawn a knife from his jacket pocket. His father had tried to call 911, but Freundl had allegedly cut the phone line. His father yelled for a witness to call for an ambulance after Freundl repeatedly charged at him with the knife in his hand.
Freudl has previous convictions for gross misdemeanor possession of a pistol and misdemeanor domestic assault in 2011.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.087341
Retrieved Text: Surviving in the wild isn’t easy, and even though your most important tool you take with you is your knowledge, you will need a few tools. What I mean by “need” is the average person cannot survive properly without these essentials. Can you walk out and survive a few weeks in the woods without anything? Yes, maybe, but why take a chance?
I have spent hundreds of hours in the wilderness and I love to pack light. Everything I carry is essential and even though I may change some of these items, depending on “how long I plan to survive in the wilderness” and “where I plan on surviving in the wilderness,” these are my basic items I always take.
Knife – Taking a knife with you is always essential. If you only plan on bringing only one, make sure it’s a top-quality knife. If you bring a machete, you won’t be able to use it as a spear. If you bring a tanto blade, you won’t be chopping a path through brush with it. So, really, think about where you are going, and what you will do if you can only bring one knife to try and survive in the wilderness. If you can bring more than two, consider choosing a long knife and a survival type knife that has a sharpening stone. Dull knives are the ones that usually cut you!
Cordage – If you’re camping or are on a wilderness survival hike, you will almost always need some sort of cordage. My top choice for cordage

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.029186
Retrieved Text: I would be preaching to the choir if I told you how significant of a tool a knife is for EDC, go-bags, or survival applications. What I seldom see talked about instead are sharpening options for the field. Some argue that a field sharpener isn’t necessary because a quality knife shouldn’t dull so quickly between knife maintenance, but a field sharpener is a worthwhile insurance policy. If you carry a knife in case of an emergency then that should be reason enough to have a portable sharpener as well. A friend of mine highly recommended that I check out Spyderco’s Double Stuff pocket stones so I requested them to review. I have been nothing but impressed so far after following through with his suggestion.
Made in the USA (Spyderco).
Double Stuff 2 Spyderco’s Double Stuff two-sided pocket stone has long been the sharpening tool of choice for fishermen, outdoorsmen, and other knife users who needed a handy, versatile sharpener for touch-ups in the field. The Double Stuff 2 takes this time-tested concept and does it one better by combining an aggressive Cubic Boron Nitride (CBN) abrasive on one side with a fine ceramic stone on the other. This allows the quick, efficient sharpening of dull or chipped edges as well as the easy maintenance of well-sharpened edges in the field. To make the Double Stuff 2 even better, one long edge of each stone offers a radiused surface for sharpening serrations and the fine stone includes a longitudinal groove for fish hooks and pointed tools. Ideal for pocket,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.971542
Retrieved Text: VICTORIA — No charges will be laid against a Smithers, B.C., Mountie for restraining a man who later died.
The B.C. Prosecution Service says the man was arrested on Feb. 14, 2015, after a young female called police to report her father was drunk, suicidal and holding a knife.
The service says when an officer arrived at the home, the suspect refused to take his hand out of his pocket and told the officer to shoot him, but the Mountie used pepper spray to arrest him instead.
At the detachment, the service says the man grew increasingly aggressive and a one point reached for an officer’s firearm, then lunged at a supervisor, all of which was caught on video.
When officers tried to restrain him around the head, he went limp and stopped breathing, and was rushed to hospital where he died a few days later.
The prosecution service says the evidence available to them doesn’t meet the charge assessment standard.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.92347
Retrieved Text: « Mind over Matter – 8 Years!
The true story behind the hidden knife pocket or holder on our Field Trouser M90K Desert!
Sitting down to start designing the Field trouser M90K Desert features I wanted to start with a clean sheet and what is better than to ask around about such stuff amongst friends and professionals?
During this session that unfolded for a few days i came in contact with a veteran ( a friend ) that had some memories from the BA01 mission, the first Swedish (Armed Forces) peace keeping mission to war torn Bosnia in the early 90´s.
He confided to me the stark realities of the situation at that time but also the resourcefulness of the Swedish soldier!
Among many things he mentioned was the sewing in of the scabbard of a knife in the lover part of the trousers, hidden and secure under the ankle zipper that runs all the way up to the knee on the field trousers. Hidden, shielded and yet accessible in a sitting position!
The thought struck me I wanted to implement this into the Field Trouser M90K Desert and so started to try figure out a small holder / pocket design for a small knife.
One of the questions was how the knife should be fastened!?
A too long and narrow pocket to press it down in was not what I had in mind and the design ended up with a shallower pocket just to hold the first quarter of the sheet and then a complementing flat band with snap button to secure the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.741394
Retrieved Text: Hunting season is here. Itineraries, skills, and the proper gear are a good plan.
Park Police officers, park lifeguards and San Francisco Fire Department personnel responded to a report of two people stuck on the rocks near Painted Rock on the Coastal Trail on Thursday, October 30th.
A man was found on the rocks about 150 to 200 feet below the trail; there was a woman below him, but she was not immediately visible.
Park lifeguards swam to a spot below and found the woman’s body on the beach there. Lifeguards and firefighters swam her body out to a waiting fireboat. Meanwhile, firefighters set up a long-haul rope system and brought the man back up to the Coastal Trail.
Park Police detectives took a statement from the man and then transported him to his residence. The woman’s body was taken to the San Francisco Medical Examiners’ Office.
The man and woman had hiked into a closed area that was posted with a sign stating that the area was dangerous and that people had fallen from that location, a fall of approximately 300 feet. The woman fell to her death; the man became stranded while trying to reach her. The case remains under investigation.
This entry was posted in Search and Rescue, Survival Weekly and tagged backpacking, boater safety, camping, climbing, fishing, hiking, Hunting, search and rescue, Search and rescue stories, wilderness emergency, wilderness medicine, wilderness survival, wilderness survival stories on November 5, 2014 by bigpigoutdoors.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.569496
Retrieved Text: Paracord Wrapped DPx HEST II Is One of Hi Consumption's 12 Best - DPx Gear Inc.
When it comes to outdoor exploration, off-grid adventuring, and survivalist training, a fixed blade knife is one of, if not the most important item to have in your arsenal. It can be used to help build a fire, erect a shelter, make a hunting trap, and can even be used as a self-defense weapon against any wayward predators. But if you really want to up your survival game, a knife isn’t the only tool you need.
If you want to stay one step ahead, pairing up your cutting tool with a bit of paracord is an especially great and minimalist way to be even more prepared for any situation you might face in the wilderness. And while you could keep a bundle of paracord in your pocket, hiking backpack, or wear a survival bracelet made of the stuff, there is a fourth option: a paracord knife. The following list is a collection of worthwhile outdoor-ready fixed blade knives, each with a handle of wrapped paracord — making for a compact, comprehensive, and effective outdoor survival tool. The next time you’re headed into unknown territory, bring one of these along and you’ll increase your preparedness tenfold.
For those not in the know, DPx Gear’s founder, Robert Young Pelton, is one of the toughest, most bat sh*t insane men on the planet. He’s embroiled himself in some of the worst conflicts on Earth, seen every edge of our dangerous planet, and came out the other

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.471537
Retrieved Text: This disturbing CCTV footage shows a young man pulling on a mask bearing the picture of a skull before he robs two boys at knifepoint on board a train in London.
A young male, wearing a black jacket, dark trousers, and a horrifying mask, was filmed walking down the train carriage towards the CCTV camera before pulling a knife from his pocket.
Another camera angle then captures the man from behind as he robs two innocent commuters at knifepoint.
He can be seen leaning over his victims as he demands their valuable possessions.
According to the victims, Tyron Franka, 18, said “you’re getting ganked” then showed the victims the knife and told them to hand over their possessions in November last year.
He was jailed for five years at Croydon Crown Court on Monday 21 January for a series of offences where he had threatened and robbed passengers.
British Transport Police DS Joanna Montague, said: “This case is an excellent example of the strength that CCTV plays in bringing offenders to justice."
Franka, of Gomshall Gardens in Kenley, Croydon, was also videoed on Sunday 28 October robbing a victim of an Armani bag between Purley Oaks and Kenley stations, he threatened to stab the victim but no knife was seen.
The next day he snatched a phone from a victim on board a train at Kenley station. When the victim asked for it back he is reported to have said “skidaddle before I get a knife out.” Again, no knife was seen.
On Sunday 4 November he robbed the two boys at knifepoint while wearing

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.340511
Retrieved Text: He was a simple man, his worldly belongings fit easily into two chairs of my badass minivan, consisting mostly of rocks, wood carvings, and feathers. He had a box full of pictures – remnants of good times – memories immortalized in time by the click of a camera and ink on paper. He had some sweet grass. Lastly, his pocket knife and shoes along with an “Indian blanket” in a backpack. He never went anywhere without his backpack – always prepared to sleep under the stars, always prepared to never return. And finally, one day, without his backpack, without his sweet grass or even his shoes – he was whisked away to the hospital. Deathly ill he clung to life for almost a week. When I arrived I promised to get him outside. Under the Colorado blue sky, cotton wood fluff floating through the air, warm dry breeze blowing in his hair, he took his last breath. And there I stood, silent. Time stopped momentarily as if the Earth ceased to spin.
Two weeks later and I am just now integrating his rocks and wood carvings into my own yard in Texas. His feathers placed lovingly in a basket along with his sweet grass. His photos merged into the treasure chest with my own. His shoes given with love to his primero primo. His pocket knife will belong to my daughter someday but for now it is mine. His blanket, torn and worn, perhaps I will salvage and make into satchels to carry sacred objects. His backpack

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.283297
Retrieved Text: Dreadful Radio Game - Chapter 1 - AnythingNovel.com Read online any english novel around the world.
Red lips. In such a fascinating night.
This night was all about indulgence.
In the center of the dance hall, men and women were shaking their bodies and dancing to the rhythm of the music. Fair legs, sweaty chests, enchanting females and male hormone, all added up to a crazy fascinating vortex.
In a corner of the dancing floor, there sat a man in Nike sportswear with cigarettes and wine in front of him. The heat and noise around seemed to have no effect on him;he just subconsciously hid his face into the darkness in the dead angle of the lights.
Of course, several hot girls came to invite him to dance, but they were all turned down by his indifferent attitude. He just wouldn't fit into this place.
A white-collar lady in suit suddenly rushed out of the dancing people to the washroom.
Now, the man picked up the cigarettes from the desk, put them into his pocket and stood up to follow her into the washroom, like a hunter who had started to track down his prey after a long wait.
The lady rushed into the washroom and immediately began to throw up at the wash basin. Then, a sour smell spread through the air. The lady turned on the tap, held some water with her hands and splashed it onto her face while washing away the vomit in the basin.
The cold water on her face woke her up for a while from her emotions ignited

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.240253
Retrieved Text: I have always carried a pocket knife since I was a boy. My dad always had one on him at all times as well. It’s just what you did. It isn’t for protection, although it could provide that. It isn’t to be manly, although it definitely could be. It’s because it’s an immensely useful tool that you’ll find a use for over and over again. You’ll find that not only is it useful to you but those around you. Quickly people will come to realize that you have your knife on you and ask you to help them out. You become that guy, the one that is helpful, resourceful, who gets things done. That sentiment will take you places.
Parents if you only choose one thing to do with your kids from Journey to Men, get them a pocket knife and let them use it. You are telling your boys that you trust them and they’ll feel immeasurable pride in their amazing tool. The Victorinox Swiss Army Huntsman Pocket Knife is the model I highly recommend. It’s well made and has a variety of tools useful for so many things.
My first knife was a Victorinox Swiss Army Explorer similar to the Huntsman but had a magnifying glass instead of a saw. The magnifying glass was not terribly useful other than to burn ants on a hot day (don’t burn ants kids). I vividly remember that knife and wish I had it to this day. I’ve had many knives over the years but none have made the impact

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.161528
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Benchmade Knife Company' started by skivic, Mar 10, 2019.
McFeeli, EricEStahl, TonySal and 1 other person like this.
I would like to hear how the M4 holds up but only one knife?! no way. Usually have atleast two and my main pocket one switches regularly between Native 5 S110V and Griptilian Mini.
99cuts and TonySal like this.
Night Rider, colin.p and TonySal like this.
I’ve carried my mini reflex for a month....but I’m also carrying a bark river city knife and a Bradley 2..oh, and a small SAk in my watch pocket....wait..did you mean ONLY one?
I'm gonna go with my mini Grip with DOAT grips. My bag has a Leatherman and my belt carries a box knife but only one pocketknife.
I've carried a Kershaw Blur for 4 months in a row once and it served me well as a bullet proof work knife but lately I haved moved towards lighter thinner work knives like the Kershaw Natrix ot the Spyderco Delica with their wharncliffe style blades. Good luck on your efforts and keep us posted skivic. These are the knives are the work knives I rotate between lately, the top 2 stay at home now.
I wouldn't want to do it, but I for sure could carry my Bugout everyday for a month and not ever have a need for anything else.
I pretty much can rely on my Foray everyday, I just choose not to some weeks. I have found that the Grip is too fat, the Barrage too much geared to "stabby" the Nimravus Cub won't fit in my

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.139875
Retrieved Text: An Arayawa was sitting in the corner of the establishment speaking with a man and a woman on the perfect philosophy of negation.
"I still do not understand," said the man, "what it means to rightfully negate and to wrongfully negate."
"The difference," said the Arayawa, "is whether or not coercion is involved."
"And this is why I have the right to say no for myself," replied the woman, "but I do not have the right to say no for others."
"But I still do not see the coercion," cried the man, "that just seems like a disagreement or a suggestion."
Just then, two men walked up who were sitting at a nearby table.
"Well, I think you are speaking lies," said the first man.
"And, we don't allow lairs in here," said the second man, pulling out a club.
The Arayawa spun into a crouching position and leaped up, working his knife up and under the second man's throat and pushing him into the wall!
The establishment went silent as a drop of blood trickled from the point of the knife the Arayawa was holding to the man's throat.
"The difference, you see," said the Arayawa, "is that any person may disagree with me, but no person may silence me. For in disagreeing with me, a person merely states their own right of negation.
"But in any degree that a person tries to silence me, they attack my right of negation. I may then do what is necessary in order to defend that right. For the right may be defended as though the one doing the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.051905
Retrieved Text: Please find below my opening scene for my thriller work-in-progress. Does this opening work?
Also, I have intentionally not disclosed the identity of the villain at this point in the story. I want to introduce him as a "normal" person in Chapter 2 and then reveal that he isn't as normal as the reader was led to believe later in the first act.
This submission is a little on the long side (I prefer to keep these around 250 words), but it has a lot of dialog and there are some things I’d like to discuss overall, so I’ll go ahead and do the whole thing.
He entered the trailer without knocking. His eyes scanned the room quickly tallying those present. J.T., Skip and some girl. J.T. was sitting at a dinette table facing the others. Just sitting. Skip and the girl were on an ugly tweed sofa at the front of the trailer, making out. Eight beer cans littered a coffee table in front of the sofa and eight were on the table where J.T. sat. A knife rested on the counter in the kitchen. No other weapons were visible.
"Hey, man. What's up? Can I get you a beer?" said J.T.
"J.T. there's a problem we need to discuss," he said.
"Man, we need to talk about it tomorrow. We've got something good going on right now."
"No, not tomorrow, now. The cargo came up short. Did you think no one was counting?"
"It wasn't me. You know I'd never try to rip them off. Someone must have ripped those three bricks

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.81203
Retrieved Text: This image of Edwin Pitts also provides a nice look at some of the other assassination related artifacts.
The above portion of the image shows the Spencer carbine retrieved by Booth and Herold at the Surratt Tavern and the wooden bar used to block the door into the box at Ford’s Theatre.
Among the items shown above are Booth’s boot and compass. There is also the tie attributed to George Atzerodt and a pack of papers that looks like it could be Booth’s diary. I’m not sure which pistol that is, but it could be one of Booth’s. The knife shown is the etched “Liberty” knife that, while currently on display at Ford’s Theatre as Booth’s knife, was not recovered from his body at Garrett’s farm.
After finding two different images of Edwin Pitts holding Booth’s gun, I’m wondering how often Mr. Pitts took the relic out of storage to pose with it for curious photographers.
Dave, the revolver is the 1851 Colt “Navy” revolver displayed at Ford’s Theatre as Booth’s.
Note the string tied on the Deringer. That is to keep from losing the hammer since the head of the hammer screw was missing. A new screw, actually an ordinary wood screw rather than a genuine Deringer-produced one, was used to repair it sometime in the 1960s or 70s. There’s no way to know if the screw was broken when Booth possessed or at some later time after its recovery. If it was like that when Booth had it, he’s lucky it didn’t fall apart when he pulled it out

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.788723
Retrieved Text: Out the Front knives were first made as light weight duty knives. If the user was holding something in one hand and needed to cut a box open or maybe some rope, then a dual action OTF knife was perfect. They could just reach in their pocket to get out their knife and the job was done with just one hand. Located on the side is a thumb slide for opening and closing this knife. It is amazing to see the blade propelled forward in one quick motion and then back again. This drop point blade is made from stainless steel with a two-tone finish. The grip is made from zinc alloy in brushed copper that is contoured for a comfortable grip. There are sand paper inserts for working in wet conditions. A glass breaker is featured end of the handle with a steel pocket clip. Also included is a quick release nylon sheath too.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.777954
Retrieved Text: I Like Rocks. - Jill Ruth & Co.
I like rocks a lot. I'm not sure when it started because I remember laughing at my husband, Jim, (for those new here, he passed away 13 years ago) when he wanted to go into a rock store on vacation. And, we bought bags of rocks. I teased him a lot.
Well, now, I have rocks here and there throughout the house. Nothing special. Driveway rocks. But, they are special. Just because. My youngest three girls go out a find rocks in our driveway that they think I will like then bring them in for a "rock show" to sell them to me. A penny for some, nickels for some.... That may be where the jar of rocks that has been sitting on my dresser for a long time came from. It's been there awhile and I've enjoyed it even under the coat of dust it had.
I had, I told her.
Driveway Rocks. Memories. Love. Taking Time To See It.
I love rocks too! My husband gets mad because I put rocks in my suitcase to bring home from vacation. He doesn't like the added weight to a suitcase he usually carries. I buy small bowls to put the rocks in and each bowl reminds me of a special time.
Lovely heart ... and a beautiful story, Jill !
Your rocks do look so special. I love rocks too....and collect them when we travel. Like your image very much.
I love rocks too! I love using them in my summer decor and scattered around the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.77395
Retrieved Text: Advice to Conservative Patriots: Carry a tactical pocket knife with you at all times. With some practice, you can fend off and survive an attack by a small mob by inflicting painful injury.
The aggression since Trump’s nomination is difficult to enumerate, but nevertheless, The Daily Caller News Foundation poured over media reports to compile a close but non-exhaustive list of violent acts against conservatives in months following the Republican National Convention.
In creating the list, TheDCNF reviewed numerous articles detailing attacks against conservatives and Trump supporters. Only incidences of violence and threats of violence where the perpetrators were clear are included in the report, excluded are events where the instigator was difficult to discern.
-Trump supporters sue San Jose after protesters jumped on cars, stole hats, fought and threw eggs at them.
-Anti-Trump protesters attacked Trump supporters in Minneapolis, Minn., and beat an elderly man. Protesters also attacked Trump’s motorcade.
-A 24-year-old was reportedly attacked on a New York subway for wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat.
-High school students in Rockville, Md., physically assailed another student for supporting Trump, kicking him while he was on the ground.
-At a California high school, a student yelled to a Trump-supporting student, “You support Trump. You hate Mexicans” before beating the girl.
-An anti-bullying ambassador who supported Black Lives Matter was arrested after shoving a 65-year-old man to the ground.
-A high school student in Florida punched another student who was holding a Trump sign.
-A man was murdered in Georgia after an argument about whether Trump would deport a Hispanic man.
-Trump supporters were attacked at

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.730452
Retrieved Text: If you enjoy spending time in the outdoors, you should make sure that you invest in a good quality pocket knife. In fact, when you are out in the wild, having the right pocket knife can actually be the difference between life and death! Survival knives can be used for building shelter, food preparation, cutting firewood, opening tins, making fire, first aid treatments, and fashioning other tools. If you are buying a new survival knife then you should think long and hard before you make your purchase, because survival knives come in a variety of different shapes and sizes. Here is some advice on finding the best pocket knife for your needs.
Ever since the days of the early European settlers in America, homesteading has been an integral part of American life. Because the idea was originally used to help to populate the country and lay claim to the wild frontiers, the popularity of homesteading waned in the early-Twentieth century. However, homesteading has now taken on a whole new meaning and has regained its popularity in many states.
In the twenty-first century, homesteading has now changed to represent a type of self-sufficient lifestyle which involves (almost) no reliance on outside organizations for food, clothing, property maintenance and many other aspects of home and lifestyle. This builds on a philosophical idea that to have true ownership of your lifestyle and property, then you should earn this ownership by laboring. Many people believe that living independently from the government or the economy will help them to maintain stability if there

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Then he takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone. He starts to crush the small stone to smaller pieces. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: cuts the center stone in half and blow it on to make it bigger.

Ending 2: grind it hard to make the pieces smaller.

Ending 3: eventually brings it back into view and adds it to the smaller ones to make a small triangular shaped piece.

Ending 4: starts to party with them and throw the pieces by hand while they celebrate.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.339764
Retrieved Text: For the River stone Crushing Plant, worldlevel manufacturing technology is adopted and highestlevel raw material is used. The crushing screening plant manufactured by takes advantages of high efficiency, reliability and productivity.
mobile impact crusher cone crusher.river gravel fine crusher in italy,italy stone quarry process.river gravel can be a mixture of three sizes or forms. More Details.
quality hsm iso ce top quality portable concrete crusher river stone crusher machine price in hydraulic cone crusher high quality fine jaw crusher price.
China Pebble/Cobble/River Stone Cone Crusher for Aggregates and Sand Making in Philippines, Find details about China River Stone Cone Crusher, River Stone Crusher from Pebble/Cobble/River Stone Cone Crusher for Aggregates and Sand Making in Philippines Shanghai Kinglink Industry Co., Ltd.
The river stone crushing process. The process starts from acquiring the raw materials which are large rocks from Idd "River Stone Crusher." River Stone Crusher.
How to set up river gravel crushing plant and what are stone crusher price in river gravel crushing plant? Different crushing plant adopts various.
Stone Crusher Manufacturer · Mining/Quarry Crusher · River Stone Crusher Our stone crusher plants can crush hard and soft stones into medium or live chat.
jaw crusher from river stone crushing plant with good quality a 100 tph river stone crusher plant, >> philippines river stone crusher river.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.747837
Retrieved Text: small gold machine that crush the stones,small stone crusher machine for goldFeb 13, 2016 . Contact Us For Help: wwa.stonecrushersolution/s. Small Stone Crusher, Crusher Mills, Cone Crusher, Jaw Crushers Small Small Stone Crusher Manufacturer and Small Stone Crusher catalogue directory. small gold crusher, small stone crushing machine, Small Rock Jaw Stone Crusher, China.small gold machine that crush the stones,Small Gold Crushers - AlibabaSmall Gold Crushers, Wholesale Various High Quality Small Gold Crushers Products from Global Small Gold Crushers Suppliers and Small Gold Crushers Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.
Alibaba offers 22202 small stone crushing machine products. About 80% of these are crusher, 1% are sand making machinery, and 1% are wood crusher. A wide variety of small stone crushing machine options are available to you, such as roller crusher, jaw crusher, and hammer crusher.
The 1″ X 2″ 911MPEJAC12 Small Rock Crusher is designed to finely crush rock and stone like aggregates or your favourite ore type (gold, silver, copper, etc.) from 3/4” . Category: Rock Crushing Equipment . Be sure to ration your speed/sheaves to have 500 RPM on the jaw and you are set to crush-those-rocks.
Different techniques and technology used to crush ore in early gold mining. . The machine, called an arrastre, used a giant stone attached to a wooden arm to crush the gold-bearing rock. Illustration of an arrastre, a machine . 1936, examine a flat stone that served as the base of a small arrastre mill. Designed and built by.
The gold (usually small amounts) is contained in quartz veins and the quartz is underground. Because

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.666786
Retrieved Text: small scale production of crush granite stone, A Sample Stone Crusher & Quarry Business Plan Template . Any aspiring entrepreneur that is considering starting a stone quarry business whether on a small scale or in a large scale should ensure that he or she, obtains ..
2017913 · Stone Crusher Plant Profitable Manufacturing Business nigeria stone crushing investment india jaw crushers,stone jaw crusher jaw crushers are report india quarry business plan crusher news project .. stone crusher plant investment .
Business Plan For Stone Crusher The stone crushing plant in UK is widely employed in the mine metallurgy making materials highway railway water irrigation and chemical marketplace They have the characteristics massive crushing ratio even granularity easy structure trusted operating situation handy repair and economical operation . Get More Info.
2018830 · In order to let more customers know us, we will implement stone crusher business plan this year. And in the next few years, we will strengthen to promote some of our star products, including PEW Series Jaw crusher, CS Series spring cone crusher, and mobile stone crushing plant.
20181022 · Related to TENTATIVE COST OF SETTING UP A STONE QUARRY PLANT. feasibility study of a quarry company. sample business plan for granite quarry. Nigeria stone crushers feasibility study for a new quarry in nigeria – Stone Crusher Plant. feasibility study for palm kernel oil in nigeria concrete and asphalt from granite.
201917 · The Stone Crushing Plant of our company mainly consists of Vibrating Feeder, Jaw Crusher, Cone Crusher or Impact Crusher, Vibrating Screen, Belt Conveyors and Control System, etc. It is completely capable to crush and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.336983
Retrieved Text: "Anyone can throw a stone just like anyone can throw a punch, but to find a stone takes a focused mind and a calm spirit. This is what will separate you from the others."
Find that Stone! (修業·石さがし, Shugyou - Ishi Sagashi, lit. "Training: The Stone Hunt") is the sixteenth episode of Dragon Ball and the third episode of the Tournament Saga.
The episode begins with Master Roshi placing the Kame House in a capsule. Then, he takes out another capsule revealing a hovercraft. Next, Launch, Krillin, Goku and Master Roshi leaves on the hovercraft for a larger island that would be more suitable for training.
They soon arrive at a new island, and Master Roshi opens up the capsule containing the Kame House. Launch decides to head inside the house and cook while Master Roshi, Krillin, and Goku stay outside. Roshi asks Krillin if he has any other previous training. Krillin tells that he had 8 years training from the Orin Temple. Master Roshi is pleased and he tells the two trainees that he is going to evaluate their current ability by seeing how fast the boys can run in a 100m dash.
Krillin goes first and clocks in a time of 10.4 seconds. Goku goes next and he starts very fast, but then he has some trouble with his shoes. He clocks in at 11 seconds. Goku asks if he can run again with different shoes, as his are torn. Master Roshi agrees and Goku runs again, but now with new shoes. Goku is able to clock a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.024017
Retrieved Text: XSM is a professional Mineral crusher ( 100 tons / hour river stone crusher plant stationary type for sale) manufacturer, 100 tons / hour river stone crusher plant stationary type for sale Manufacturing from XSM,and in many places a practical application.
100 tons / hour river stone crusher plant stationary type for sale.
River stone crusher plant includes stationary and mobile type. River stone crusher plant stationary type with the capacity 100tph is common and XSM can supply the complete river stone crusher plant equipment and service.
River stone crusher plant stationary type includes ZSW series vibrating feeder + PE series jaw crusher + PY cone crusher+ YK series circular vibrating screen or ZSW series vibrating feeder + PE series jaw crusher + PY cone crusher +PCX impact crusher+ YK series circular vibrating screen. In the river stone crusher plant, the raw material of river stone is conveyed to the jaw crusher for primary crushing by the vibrating feeder evenly and gradually, then the crushed river stone is conveyed to the impact crusher for further crushing. The primary and secondary crushing can ensure a required river stone final product size. Impact crusher is generally used as the impact crusher in the river stone crusher plant. Impact crusher can further reduce the crushed stone by jaw crusher and get small and required final product.
100tph river stone crusher is commonly applied in river stone crushing plant. River stone crusher plant with the capacity 100tph includes vibrating feeder+PE600*900 jaw crusher + PYGB0913 PYG cone crusher + vibrating screen. PE600*900 Jaw crusher is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.476723
Retrieved Text: Today’s post is going to be a little different! So far, I have shared my personal travel experiences on each of my posts for the A to Z Challenge. Today, however, as an exception, I’m taking you on a journey that is not mine, but, as students of English Literature will agree, one that has been enjoyed by many. This journey into fantasy, takes you to strange exotic places, through a poem that happens to be one of the most famous and enduring poems in English literary history.
‘Kubla Khan’ is interesting because Samuel Taylor Coleridge is talking about an experience we’ve probably all had. At the bottom of all of these odd images and ideas, he’s just trying to tell us about a dream he had. It will remind you of waking up from a really amazing dream which you’ll feel you have to share with someone.
Even though it’s only a little more than fifty lines long, this poem takes you to exotic and intriguing places. Think of it as a short, strange movie that jumps between several settings to pull you along and keep you engaged. I can assure you that this poem will take you on a wild ride.
The poem describes Xanadu, the palace of Kubla Khan, a Mongol emperor and the grandson of Genghis Khan. The speaker starts by describing the setting of the Emperor’s palace, which he calls a “pleasure dome.” He describes the fertile land that surrounds the palace and the nearby area that is covered in streams, sweet-smelling trees, and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.402245
Retrieved Text: Mobile crushing makes your mining business much easier and more efficient! Read More + ... It is designed to making high quality construction sand.
New England Mobile Crushing Services, Inc. in Chichester, NH ... New England Mobile Crushing Services, Inc. is a New Hampshire Domestic Corporation filed on January 10, 2011 . The company's filing status is listed as Good Standing and its File Number is 641416 .
Rustcrush produces and supply crush stone and sand in Rustenburg. Contact Now. ... South West Mobile Crushing specialises in on site stone and concrete crushing using a 3.5ton Guidetti mobile jaw crusher and Rubble Master RM60, saving you time and money. Contact Now.
Driving Directions for MOBILE CRUSHING CONCEPTS (LYTTELTON … We only have an approximate location for the client, please contact them on (012) 664-3604 to get their physical address.
Crusher To Crush Stone Gold South Africa Mining . Stone crusher for sale in South Africa gold mobile cone crushers in south africa Find stone crusher in South Africa Spring Cone Crusher can crush;Quarry Crusher Mining Machine iron gold Gold basalt crusher from South Africa basalt crusher from South Africa, if you want get more Stone Crusher.
Marble Mobile Crushing Plant. Marble crusher would be the significant crushing equipment to crush marble stones so as to make complete use of marble stone for creating marble aggregate and marble powder. Find out More of this Equiment < > We are experienced in mining industry.
crusher machine that can crush stone to sand. crusher machine that can crush stone to sand; Crusher machine used in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.27288
Retrieved Text: ‘127 Hours: Between a Rock and a Hard Place’ by Aron Ralston (2004).
I teach one lesson a week with a Year 9 group of thirteen students. There are twelve boys and one female student. The lesson is called ‘Secure’, with the idea that it boosts the English skills of nominated students who could do with an additional focus on their English skills. There are lots of aspects for me to consider here: the students know they have been put forward to do these sessions; their confidence and even enjoyment in English may not perhaps be as high as it could be; there are a range of basic skills that they need to work on. The main issue is these lessons have the whiff of dreaded intervention about them, with students not giving them the degree of focus they might in their conventional English lessons. Clearly I want them to provide a useful focus on key skills that will help them to be confident moving towards GCSE. I also want them to be interested in the creative possibilities and not crush any enthusiasm they might have for English.
Step into the fold the excellent film and book ‘127 Hours: Between a Rock and a Hard Place’ by Aron Ralston. While nothing very exciting or revolutionary, this short post is on how I used the text with them today and how I plan to use it over the next couple of weeks. This process on reflecting on lessons is one I find very useful about blogging, giving me the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.163586
Retrieved Text: Crushing 101 Objective: The goal in the Aggregate Industry is to process rock, sand and gravel into a saleable product as quickly as possible, (High TPH) as cheaply, (Low .
crush and run gravel prices delaware Grinding Mill . crush and run gravel prices delaware . Crush and run gravel, also known as crusher run, . Crush and run gravel is widely used for.
Jun 20, 2018 · Bad or poorly graded gravel can not be changed to good gravel be lost, under traffic action, in the form processing the material by crushing. . They carry virtually the same volume and type of traffic in an agricultural community.
Chamney Crushing » Gravel in Estevan. For over 50 years, the Chamney family has been involved in the aggregate business in Southeast Saskatchewan. At Chamney Crushing Ltd. we crush our own gravel, and/or yours, ensuring the finished product is of high quality and the .
How to Crush It On Gravel – ORbike: FIND ADVENTURE .
Riding gravel is a more dynamic experience and you know, that's probably a big reason so many people are attracted to it. Get Out There and Clock Some Miles We could go on and on about how to prepare for gravel, but the best way to become more comfortable is to get out there and clock some miles.
how to gravel crushing how to gravel crushing PRODCUT how to calculate jaw crusher capacity how to calculate tph of conveyor chrome how to complete coal harbor east in nfsu2 .
Crushing Plant Design and Layout Considerations - Technology- how to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.12768
Retrieved Text: may be used. Manufacturing sand from jaw crusher, cone crusher, . The slabs, using Artificial sand, are more leak proof than by river sand. Now a days, .
Crushers may be used to reduce the size, . Quarried materials, Sand & gravel: Compound crusher: Medium hard to very hard: Abrasive: Dry or wet, not sticky: 3/1 to .
crusher dust can uses alternate to river sand – Grinding Mill . Study on Concrete With Stone Crusher Dust as Fine Aggrgate . on the use of stone crusher dust in .
Uses. Angular crushed stone is the key material for macadam road construction which depends on the interlocking of the individual stones' angular faces for its strength. .
Bonded Basalt Sand is a crushed basalt rock aggregate manufactured to the specification of ASTM C-33. Application Guidelines Basalt Sand is used .
rock crusher that can crush stone to 350 microns. rock crusher that can crush stone to 350 microns use crusher manufactured sand 300 micron- rock crusher that can crush stone to 350 microns rock crusher that can crush stone to 350 microns equipment quartz crushing machine manufacturers master micron by Use of Manufactured Sand in .
Sand and Stone uses | Save-A-Lot Walmer - Sand and Stone .
Uses for the Sand and Stone we sell. . But in Port Elizabeth we not blessed with an abundance of River Sand. We use a material called Crusher Run.
Uses. Angular crushed stone is the key material for macadam road construction which depends on the interlocking of the individual stones' angular faces for its .
Crushed Sand

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.884193
Retrieved Text: Gulin provide the concrete crush in pakistan solution case ... small crush machine in pakistan – Crusher Machine For Sale . small crush machine in pakistan XSM as a professional mining machinery manufacturing company, ... concrete crusher, small rock crusher and portable rock crusher.
stone crushing machine in pakistan - Crusher Machine For Sale stone crushing machine in pakistan is manufactured from Shanghai Xuanshi,It is the main mineral processing solutions. stone crushing machines prices in pakistan.
small crush machine in pakistan – Crusher Machine For Sale. small crush machine in pakistan manufacturer in Shanghai, China. small crush machine in pakistan is manufactured from Shanghai SCM,It is the main mineral » Learn More. prices of crush machine in pakistan.
small grinding machine in pakistan. Supplier for Various Types of Flour Milling Machine . We supplier has various types of flour milling machines, and the small flour milling machine is mainly for independent use, or be equipped in flour plant.
With the emphasis of it, efficient coal crushing machine is greatly needed in Pakistan. Our coal crusher adopted advanced technology, so it is welcomed by local coal mine owners. Coal Resources in Pakistan ... Currently, there are more than 5,000 small coal mines in Pakistan.The coal production is about 4.5 million tons per year.
stone crusher plant cost in jharkhand - aggregate making equipment. set up cost of stone crusher plant in most advanced stone crusher machine ... log sheet for crushing plant xls doc Grinding Mill China. for sale stone crusher plants ... crushing machine companies in pakistan . stone crushers compan.
small

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.810158
Retrieved Text: Applications: Jaw Crusher is mainly used for crushing large bulk mineral materials into small pieces so as to finely grind by ball mill. It is widely used to crush all kinds of ores and bulk material. The equipment mainly applied to crush materials in rough, medium and fine scale such as ore limestone, calcium carbides, carbide slag, shale, basalt, river gravel, blue stone etc.
stone crusher plant small hammer mill machinestone crusher plant small hammer mill machine laboratory stone crusher. mobile rock stone crushing machine,laboratory hammer crusher for sales mini small mobile lab diesel glass gold stone hammer mill crusher electric motor laboratory primary crushing small stone crusher, mobile crusher plant for sale.
Laboratory d isc mill/small disc mill for lab/small mini disc milling machine/ laboratory disc grinding machine/small disc grinder for rock ores: widely used in the coal mining, coal washing plant, coking plants, power station, chemical plants and research institutions to crush sample to be instead of labor crushing.
Jaw Mini Crusher Machine Price For Mobile Stone Crusher Application: Mining Industry Stone Quarry Crushinng Plant 2018 Competitive price mobile jaw crusher, diesel jaw crusher, laboratory jaw crusherjaw crusher. US $3000 8000 Set. 1 Set (Min. Order). Weight: 2.8t. Application: Stone,copper/gold ore crushing.
Laboratory Stone Crusher. Laboratory stone crushing machine small mobile jaw crusher. Add to Compare . Mini Small Mobile Lab Diesel Glass Gold Stone Hammer Mill Crusher.
Laboratory Hammer Crusher, Laboratory … A wide variety of laboratory hammer crusher options are available to you, MENU . MENU . ... Sand making stone crusher machine small portable laboratory hammer

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.321594
Retrieved Text: Home / Products / how to make small jaw stone crusher. ... NEXT: diy small jaws stone crusher. Crusher Jaws CCrusher For Sale,Crusher Mills, Stone Crusher.
how to make small mill for gold oreGold Ore Crusher. make small rock crusher, Crushing Process, Mining Process Equipments Manufacturer-Cement Process Plant.
how to make a small rock crusherricef.org. How to Lay a Pathway with Crusher Dust | . Crusher Dust, or quarried and crushed rock too small for use on roadbeds, makes an excellent material for any pathway.
Aluminum cans for soda and beer are made from aboutpercent recycled materials. Although most people don’t mind recycling, the extra room it takes to sort and keep recyclables can make the task lest appealing to some.
&#;&#;Small rock crusher ? ... weren't there small crushers? ... It was a jaw crusher and he could feed rocks by hand and make small rocks.
&#;&#;This instructable is how to make a very simple . This is aminute approx build. All you need is some scrapx4s and a hinge and some screws.
TheJACK MINI Rock Crusher is our ‘most small’ rock crusher for the smallest budget. It contains all the high quality precision pre-cut and ready to weld machined parts of a small jaw crusher.
New Dawn Engineering – ROCK CRUSHER. The machines is best at producing the small stones, … the Rock Crusher can make aboutlitre of crushed stone per minute, or more than &#; a cubic metre per day.
Buy "Ice Crushers" products like Rabbit Retro Ice Crusher Machine, ... Crush small amounts of ice for your beverage with the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.31343
Retrieved Text: Zenith Mobile Cone Crushing Plant Stone Crusher Machine Price In India , Find . Jaw Crusher Price from Crusher Supplier or Manufacturer Shanghai Zenith . cone stone crusher machine used in job location needs to move a small distance, just . zenith production line of cases in various countries (Jeddah;Brunei;Angola.
aggregate crushing line manufacturer is used to crush stones into small size or change . In mobile granite limestone stone crusher line, jaw crusher is used as . as Angola quarry, Nigeria mining, South Africa crusher, Malaysia crushing plant,.
Ore, sand. Place of Origin: Shanghai, China (Mainland). Brand Name: Zenith . (3) High screening efficiency and low vibrating noise . Company Information . do you need? like stone crusher, grinding mill or beneficiation machine, etc.
About 36% of these are iron ore, 19% are mineral separator, and 18% are drum drying equipment. A wide . Large capacity low price industrial rotary dryer for Bentonite, Titanium . Angola Consulting Group .. ASTRO jaw crusher iron ore.
Jiangxi Walker Machinery Co., Ltd., Experts in Manufacturing and Exporting shaking table, . Angola 200 TPH diamond washing machine diamond mining machines for sale . 1 2 TPH mini hard rock gold crushing plant with small jaw crusher.
China Excellent Conveyor Belt For Stone Crusher,Belt Conveyor Price , Find Complete . Belt For Stone Crusher from Conveyors Supplier or Manufacturer Shanghai . jaw crusher, impact crusher, double roller crusher, hammer crusher, vertical . zenith production line of cases in various countries (Jeddah;Brunei;Angola.
Used in Jaw crusher as mainly wear parts to crush big stone into small ones

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.219543
Retrieved Text: Mobile Mining Crusher: Aggregate stone Crusher: Industry Power Mill: Mobile crusher is the portable equipment for stone, rock, ore, aggregate and construction waste. Our crusher capacity are from 50 to 450 ton per hour. Stone crusher also called rock crusher is used for crushing stones and rocks as an efficient ore crushing equipment.
Mining Stone Crushing Machine, Mining Stone . There are 74,272 mining stone crushing machine suppliers, mainly located in Asia. The top supplying countries are China (Mainland), Turkey, and Iran (Islamic Republic of), which supply 99%, 1%, and 1% of mining stone crushing machine respectively.
Parameter and Price of 200t/h River Stone Crusher With the rapid technology development, some fields such as express train, hydropower, railway, building construction step in a golden developing zone, which has also raised greater demand on aggregates, so is on the 200t/h river stone crusher.
The better and best stone crusher starts from the quarry site. Contrary to popular belief, it comes in a form of experienced and good blast designers/ engineers. Emphasized by a former lecturer of mine, who was a mining engineer in the 80s-90s.
In quarry plant, stone mining crusher and grinding mill will be adopted. Quarry and mining stone Crushing Equipment Model consists : jaw crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher, fine crusher, roll crusher, hammer crusher, mobile crushing station, etc. The mining machine is the mechanical equipment used for directly processing the minerals.
High Efficiency Mining Stone Crusher Machines; Mining Machinery Crushing Machine PE 250*400; OEM Mining Crusher, Rock Stone Crushing Machine for Quarry; About Us We present you the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.13166
Retrieved Text: Visiting Lika Mutal’s studio for stone sculpture in Villa Salvador near Lima, Peru requires driving south through industrial sections, shantytowns, and great sand dunes. On the day I visit, April 23, a water main has burst and there is flooding on parts of the mud two-lane road. Inside a cement brick walled space, a lush garden of trees, ground cover, and flowering plants fills the sloping clay-sand earth to compliment the vast landscape of stones culled from varied remote locations north and south of Lima. The studio has heavy hoisting machines, but most work is being done with hand tools and by hand.
Mutal travels to solitary places to find her stones. She has learned this process from shamans who live in deep respect and symbiosis with the Pachamama, the Mother Earth. They taught her that you don’t take anything without honoring and asking through special rituals. They believe that stones can harm as well as heal and are carriers of peace as well as suffering. Andean priests say the great untouched stones share the properties of the sacred mountains (Apus). Mutal calls them ancestral stones.
Sometimes Mutal cuts, shapes, and polishes all or part of the stone or makes marks that seem symbolic or abstract. Sometimes she does nothing physical to the stone other than to provide it with an orientation and a new base. Sometimes she embeds one type of stone or fossil into another stone. Some stones become unbroken, highly polished interlocking forms. Her most recent public commission is Eco, a May 2013 sculpture for

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.652027
Retrieved Text: The game is an RPG which follows the story of Ness (a character who is probably mainly only known through Super Smash Bros. and it’s sequels to players in the UK, since it only came out here in 2012!) who is just a regular child living in Eagleland (a fictionalised version of America). His adventure starts when a meteorite smashes down one night only a short distance away from his home in the small town of Onett. When he goes to investigate it, he receives a message from the future which warns him that an evil force called Giygas threatens all life on Earth unless he does something to stop it. He is given a ‘Sound Stone’ and needs to travel across the world to find eight mystical melodies to record on the stone which will help him to become powerful enough to vanquish Giygas.
Other than having a normal modern day setting (which is already a lovely twist), this might sound a bit like a generic RPG storyline, but this is absolutely not the case. This game is very unique and wonderfully weird. On his quest Ness will, amongst other things: get caught up in a religious cult, survive a zombie apocalypse, experience corrupt police brutality and even visit Stonehenge (which excites me, since in reality, it’s not too far from my home). Another big appeal of this game is its large cast of oddball characters; virtually every single person you meet will have something bizarre to say to you. My personal favourite encounter is with

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.579533
Retrieved Text: Stone crushing equipment mainly includes jaw crusher, cone crusher, hammer crusher, roller crusher, counter assault crusher, impact crusher, etc, which fit in with engineering machinery. One thing in keeping is they are basic engineering machinery requested crushing raw materials and within construction industry.
Stone Crushers as the name suggests is a device designed to crush or press or reduce the mass of different kind of raw materials used in all the types of industries. Typically a Stone Crusher or Stone Crusher Machine is made up of two metal solid surfaces between whom the raw materials to be crushed are placed and the motorized mechanical mechanism will by force try to bring two surfaces together which will result in breaking the large pieces in small pieces or dust.
SBM Machinery supplies river stone crushers with top quality and low price. What's a lot more, comprehensive crushing plants are made to meet the users" demands. Furthermore, SBM Machinery produces sand producing machine, sand washing machine, and several stone crusher components for purchase. In addition to Indonesia, SBM Machinery mining gear may be exported in India, Russia, Ghana, Nigeria, Southern Africa, Italy, the Philippines, and Pakistan and so forth. These stone crusher machines have different options and application, if you are keen on our river stone crushers or other mining gear for sale price tag, please feel no cost to Important Types and Application of River Stone Crusher contact us on-line or leave a message to tell us the details of the requirement,then our professionals will help you choose suitable gear.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.446815
Retrieved Text: home > products > how to crush stone into powder vietnam how to crush stone into powder vietnam. dizajnist design studio, web design, graphic . design is on the move, join us on our journey and become a part of the future.
yen bai is a mountainous province in northwest vietnam. then it is given to the primary mill system to crush the stone into pearl or powder.
stone crushing into powder crusher mills, cone stone crushers for breaking rocks into powder. stone crushers for breaking rocks into powder, picture of sitemap.
how to crush stone into powder. how to make your own viking age paint rocks are where you find them, what you need to look for is first a color that you like and second a stone that crushes easily,, i recently used a large one (built to tumble clean maille) to crush .
question how to get blackstone powder. the amount of powder crushed from gems in a mining nodes but the refinery to turn crude stones to black powder.
for smaller crevices the crushed stone was easy to crush further into powder when necessary. turners select crushed stone powder $8.50 – 10.75.
stone crusher into powder what is a mining crusher fabr. mining crusher machinery is configured to break down very hard material, such as stone, into small rocks, gravel, or stone powder.
3 ways to crush garlic edit article wiki how to crush garlic. three methods: using a knife using a garlic press using a stone community q&a.
shopping for inlay materials, like turners select crushed stone powder is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.189823
Retrieved Text: Learn How and Where to Recycle and Reuse ConcreteJul 2, 2018 . The construction industry now has many ways to recycle concrete. Learn about the uses, benefits, and equipment involved in reusing concrete.underground chunks of stone crushing,Granite | Minerals Education Coalition. because the magma cools slowly underground, allowing larger crystal growth. . Granite is mined as either crushed stone or dimension stone mainly using open pit . Larger pieces of granite are used to stabilize the land around roadways to.New to Mining? Here are the Most Common Types of Mining .Dec 21, 2015 . Probably one of the most common pieces of mining equipment, drills are an . Underground specialized mining equipment such as trucks, loaders, . As its name suggests, crushing equipment is used to crush rock and stone.
May 4, 2017 . "(That stone starts in an) underground quarry in Joliet and there it is .. Above ground at the Joliet-area mine, line chunks are broken down for . Crushed line is loaded onto a barge on the Des Plaines River at the.
A crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust. . The earliest crushers were hand-held stones, where the weight of the stone provided .. With gunpowder being increasingly applied to mining, rock chunks from a ... Surface · Underground in hard rock · Underground in soft rock.
and underground (continuous and . s u r v e ~ h g stone (aggregate) &ing and crushing and . ing and crushing equipment) and fill-shift dose memure- ...

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.17229
Retrieved Text: Emeralda Kasim | Xenosaga Wiki | FANDOM powered .
Emeralda Kasim is a 4000 year old nanomachine . but Isaac Stone alongside Tolone and . Emeralda can changed into a moving spike crusher to slash her opponent .
The Bolshoi Ballet's 'Esmeralda' opens digital ballet .
2011-10-11 · A live transmission of "La Esmeralda" opened a new series of . a system ready to crush . Miracles and supplies oppressive stone .
Esmeralda (The Hunchback of Notre-Dame This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. .
Pokémon Emerald Version - Bulbapedia, the community .
Pokémon Emerald Version (Japanese: ポケットモンスターエメラルド Pocket Monsters Emerald) is a sister game to Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire, and is the .
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (novel) | All The Tropes .
The other famous novel by Victor Hugo. Written in 1831, Notre Dame de Paris, known in English as The Hunchback of Notre Dame, is a rich, meandering tale that .
Color Crush; Love Naturally; Initials; Vintage Inspired; . the color saturation and transparency is taken into consideration during the grading process of the stone.
In the 1956 movie version starring Anthony Quinn and Gina Lollobrigida as Esmeralda, the boot is an ornate boot . a generalized crusher—a rough stone that can be .
Princess Cruises: Emerald Princess - Cruise Ship .
Learn about the many features and amenities available onboard Emerald Princess. The ship boasts nearly 900 balconies on which to take in colorful ocean sunrises and .
Pokemon Emerald Version Cheats, Codes, and Secrets .
For Pokemon Emerald Version on the Game Boy Advance,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.09068
Retrieved Text: Marble is a metamorphic rock composed of recrystallized carbonate minerals, the most commonly composition are calcite or dolomite. Marble need to be crushed into small pieces in order to be used for building materials or industrial powder, and marble crusher machine is .
Stone crusher machine to recycle granite waste. Small Stone Crusher is a crusher concept which is opposite to large scale crushing plants. While same features including low energy consumption, easy maintenance, repair, installation and shipping etc, small jaw crusher is widely applied in small rocks crushing, small quarry processing, small stone breaking stages.
As the size and shape of finished products are in perfect condition, the impact marble crusher machine should be your ideal choice. Jaw marble crusher machine . It is widely used to crush various minerals and ores like limestone, granite, basalt, granite and so .
Single-deck vibrating screen deep-cavity crushing machine JC JC crusher JC JC crusher Model Entrance size grinding marble company cameroon; Inclined Screen MEKA. MEKA vibrating screens are designed as a non-welded frame vibrating screen is made of .
marble 140 mesh vsi crusher for sale. marble 20 40 mesh hpt cone crusher price. Industry News crushing sale 25 mm to 40 mm crusher 12 Mm Stone Crusher machine for saleOur crushing plant quality Chicken Dung Crusher Fertilizer Crushing high quality Chicken Dung Crusher Fertilizer Crushing Machine Cow Dung marble 140 mesh Get more .
marble crusher project report. SUAMG Machinery is professional mineral processing equipment manufacturer in the world, not our equipment has the excellent quality, but also our product service

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.93698
Retrieved Text: design of impact crusher with parts used impact crushers Related Information. cement ball mill design; second hand metal crusher; LIVE CHAT GET PRICE. small impact crushers design . Impact crusher,small impact crusher,impact crusher design,vertical . impact crusher for sale,small impact crushers design,parts,types - SCM. Impact crusher for sale.
The designer of the Auto-Balance Impact Crusher discovered this the hard way - he leased a 75HP crusher to crush river rock with 50 to 60% abrasives. 30 days, 8000 tons and $8,000.00 worth of wear parts later, he decided "there has got to be a better way". Design of the Auto-Balance Impact Crusher began shortly thereafter.
Thanks to their compact design, the plant systems are easy to transport and can be assembled and disassembled again quickly. MOBILE IMPACT CRUSHERS Processing of soft natural stone in 1st crushing stage Processing of soft and medium hard natural stone in ... MOBILE IMPACT CRUSHERS.
italian design of impact crushers Thomas Edison - Wikipedia Thomas Edison was born, in 1847, in Milan, Ohio, and grew up in Port Huron, Michigan.He was the seventh and last child of Samuel Ogden Edison Jr. (1804–1896, born in Marshalltown, Nova Scotia) and Nancy Matthews Elliott (1810–1871, born in Chenango County, New York).

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.85318
Retrieved Text: 5 8 crushed stone indiana - saharatrust. Check out 2017's top 25 crushed stone producers. In 2015, 1.47 billion short tons of crushed stone was produced for consumption in the United States. Get Price 'Crushing the stone': a brief history of lithotripsy, .
ABSTRACT: Lizenithnes of the Blue River Group (Mississippian age) exposed along the eastern part of the Illinois Basin are the most important source for crushed stone material in southern Indiana. These rocks are thin where exposed in Montgomery and Putnam Counties but thicken in a southerly direction to more than 500 feet in Crawford and Harrison Counties.
5 8 crushed stone indiana. Personalized Guitar Straps - Indiana Guitars, Morgan … Personalized Crushed Velvet / Leather Guitar Straps: Customize your very own 2" Velvet guitar strap.
5 8 crushed stone indiana Grinding Mill China 5 8 crushed stone indiana Amrish Puri After arriving in India, Indiana Jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone He agrees, 5 8 Crushed Stone In India Diese Seite übersetzen. crush and run versus number 5 crushed stone india crusher. Crushed Stone Luck Stone.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.852356
Retrieved Text: rock crusher for sale small,Rock Crusher: Mining Equipment | "Cobra Crusher" Rock Testing Compact Portable Unit Gold Mining-NEW & IMPROVED!! $449.00. Buy It Now. Free Shipping. 15 watching; |; 2 sold. Our Cobra Crusher turns your Angle Grinder into a Mini Rock Crusher Plant with just a squeeze of the trigger. This unit in person is nothing less than amazing, turning sample.rock crusher for sale small,Jaw Crusher: Mining Equipment | 220V Adjust Top Quality Jaw Crusher for Rock Slag Steel Coal Stone Crush machine. $673.00. Buy It Now. 25 watching; |; 5 sold. Suitable for crushing materials: Calcite, talcum, cabblestone, kaolin, slag, steel slag, diabase, coom, coalgangue, maifanstone, basalt, iron ore, quartz sand, CaCO3, bentonite ect. 100X60 Mini.
Small Stone Crusher For Sale - AlibabaSmall Stone Crusher For Sale, Wholesale Various High Quality Small Stone Crusher For Sale Products from Global Small Stone Crusher For Sale Suppliers and Small Stone Crusher For Sale Factory,Importer,Exporter at . High Performance Stone Use Crushing Equipment PE250x400 Small Jaw Crusher For Sale.rock crusher for sale small,MINI Jaw Crusher for SaleNov 23, 2016 . A client made this video of our mini jaw crusher he bought on sale at s.911metallurgist/equipment/crushing/ This small crusher let's you crush .
Alibaba offers 7576 small rock crushers for sale products. About 94% of these are crusher, 1% are mining machinery parts, and 1% are sand making machinery. A wide variety of small rock crushers for sale options are available to you, such as jaw crusher, hammer crusher, and impact crusher.
Find rock crusher ads. Buy and sell almost

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.8334
Retrieved Text: Amazing tour to the highlands of Antalya, and rafting in the white foaming waters. Full day tour starts in the morning, by early coach transfer up to the Canyon. Rafting instructor will give brief information on tour program. The group takes different sizes of canoes and raft boats mm 6 upto 12 persons. There are 3 different lapses to be drafted. Lunch break will be in a local restaurant with buffet cold starters, salad and barbecued fish or chicken.The rafting continues after lunch break. Swimming break is available in spring water as you may also visit the ancient Roman Bridge. After rafting the tour ends in the afternoon.The group will be transferred back to their hotels. The swift-flowing Köprüçay ( Bridge Creek) takes its name from a Roman stone bridge—still in use—named Köprülü Kanyon. The river is favored by white-water rafters because of its relatively easy rapids along a scenic course downstream from the dramatic gorge.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.824802
Retrieved Text: 179 quotes have been tagged as crush: Cynthia Hand: 'Tucker: But she gave me the perfect gift. ... For months now, a stone had been sitting on my heart.
... the calf which you had made, and burned it with fire and crushed it, grinding it very ... he makes all the altar stones like pulverized chalk stones; When Asherim and incense .... For Permission to Quote Information visit .
PE series stone crusher, stone crusher machine for sale,US $ 1000 - 999999 / Set, New, Jaw Crusher, stone, stone and ... Save 40% off your time to get quotes.
Stone Crusher Machine Price, Buy Various High Quality Stone Crusher ... Get Quotations ... ISO BV CE Certified Small Mini Stone Crusher Machine Price.
Select the services you would like to receive a quote for: Crushing Washing Screening. Crushing Products ... 2" Crusher Run. 3/4 Clear Stone. HL8 Stone.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.768116
Retrieved Text: At stone quarry, mining crushers like heavy duty jaw crusher, cone crusher, impact ... stones such asbasalt, granite, lizenithne, marble, cobble stone, river stone, ... The final grain size of the product can be down to 2500 mesh (or 0.005mm).
maintained without aggrading (building up) or degrading (scouring down) ... and bajri from Giri river bed for a stone crushing unit to be set by the project proponent. ..... range in diameter from 0.0625mm (or 1⁄16 mm, or 62.5 μm) to 2 mm.
granite/basalt stone and river sand are used as course and fine aggregate, ... At the same time increasing quantity of crushed stone dust is available from crushers as ... aggregate conforming to IS 383-1987 of size 12 mm and down having a.
Jun 4, 2014 ... The DAO decided to ban stone crushing factories after the water level in the rivers where they have been operating began dropping alarmingly.
only lines of Crushing, Screening, Material Handling,. Washing ... Sand and gravel, and crushed stone, are the number one ..... river beds that have become high production sand and ..... top, and follow down the vertical line to 1¼” (31.8 mm).
Environmental Impact Assessment study for the stone crushing project on the .... For the article 87, It is prohibited to construct houses in wetlands (rivers, lakes, big or .... Slope runs into a small valley down ... Body plate thickness: sail 50 mm.
FOR RIVER BED MINING OF MINOR MINERALS: SAND, STONE AND BAJRI,. KHASRA No. ..... Does the company have a well laid down Environment Policy ...... FIGURE

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.721752
Retrieved Text: Small mini portable stone rock crusher used for brick block making .Aug 24, 2016 . Small mini portable stone rock crusher used for brick block making machine manufacturers. If you want to know more : Emily Sun Marketing Manager Mobile :+861.small portabable brick crushers,Red Rhino 4000 Series Mini CrusherAug 24, 2015 . The 4000 series has a jaw aperture of 400mm x 170mm This crusher is unique due to its 775mm width which can travel through doorways, into rear gardens, and e.
small portabable brick crushers,Mini Stone Crusher - AlibabaMini Stone Crusher, Wholesale Various High Quality Mini Stone Crusher Products from Global Mini Stone Crusher Suppliers and Mini Stone Crusher Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.small portabable brick crushers,Mini Concrete Crusher Machine Wholesale, Crusher Machine .Mini Concrete Crusher Machine, Wholesale Various High Quality Mini Concrete Crusher Machine Products from Global Mini Concrete Crusher Machine Suppliers and Mini Concrete Crusher Machine Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.
Whether you're dealing with field stone, demolished brick, or waste concrete, MBMM's jaw crushers can turn it into a reusable and salable product. . a heavy industry is a world leading china mini crusher manufacturer,selling stone crushers with rational smal. . concrete crusher plants for sale,small portable stone.
Apr 19, 2018 . Reversible jaw plates (14% manganese steel), Designed to crush concrete, brick, block with a max size of 12" x 24". . Hrs on Frame: New Approx Hrs on Engine: New F.O.B.: Southeast, USA - HB Notes: Extremely portable, track mounted jaw crusher, equipped with vibratory pan feeder, 28" x 16" jaw.
Aug 24, 2016 . Small mini portable

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.65087
Retrieved Text: The first Pebble watch snagged more than $10 million in crowdsourced funding. Learn how the Pebble watch works.
how much does li ne crusher run cost - hotelsiddharthajmer.in. 2 crusher run gravel semi crushed truck load. how much does a ton of -2 crusher run gravel cost - BINQ Mining > Ore Process > how much does a ton of -2 crusher run . READ MORE; Please Stop Fighting Mercedes-Benzes - jalopnik.com. You take great pride in your Mercedes-Benz.
The latest Tweets from Crusher Works (@crusherworks1). Equipment dealer for zenith mobiles, EDGE innovate, BRETEC breakers, and zenith drilling equipment in the south eastern USA.
google how stone crusher work - christianfellowship.co.in. google how stone crusher work. Official Rosetta Stone® - Try Our Free Demo. Rosetta Stone is the fast, effective, and fun way to learn a language!
How Crusher works,stone crusher working principle,crushing Ore Crushers and stone crushers from Mario in china,exported to algeria nigeria india indonesia saudi south africa, Here is the crusher working How Crusher works.
The Marble Crusher: Amazon.co.uk: Michael Morpurgo . Buy The Marble Crusher by Michael Morpurgo (ISBN: 9781405229241) from that he can also write stories for younger children which are works of genius, like Get Price; How Car Crushers Work | HowStuffWorks. Find out how car crushers work and learn why car crushing is necessary.
Crusher is divided into many kinds, because of their work principle. Generally divided into two categories, one is laminated crusher, another is the impact crusher .the lamina … ted crusher like jaw crusher broken by extrusion materials ,and the impact crusher

================



======= Instance Index 10 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Then he takes a piece of bark and rubs the powered stone pieces onto it. The stone particles stick to the wet piece of wood. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: uses a small brush to polish one of the stone pieces.

Ending 2: then uses a strip of sealing tape to seal the board and then smooths the bottom of the board.

Ending 3: walks towards the camera.

Ending 4: then takes the knife and sharpens it against the wood piece.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.019188
Retrieved Text: Place a small piece of your stone inside the folded piece of canvas and strike with a hammer until pulverized. Be sure to do this on a durable surface like the sidewalk!
Working on top of the glass palette, sift the crushed stone through the metal sieve ( < 80 or < 63 µm) so the finest particles deposit onto the palette below. Repeat this until you have enough pigment.
Add a few drops of water to the pigment and mull into a smooth paste. Try not to make it too watery.
Add the watercolor medium drop-by-drop while mulling the pigment until you begin to feel a slight tackiness or resistance from the paint.
If you have a scale it's helpful to measure the weight of your pigment and binder. A full pan of most earth watercolor typically uses 5-7 grams of pigment and may contain between 2-4ml of watercolor medium. These ratios vary by pigment and can only be properly determined by testing your paint as you go. Simply paint a swatch, (not too thick) onto a piece of paper and allow to dry completely. Rub the surface of the paint with a dry finger and see if color rubs off easily. If so, you may need more binder. If you have too much medium you will notice that the surface is shiny and sticky even when dry. However, you can scoop out the paint and add more pigment or binder as needed. Trial and error!
Transfer the paint to an empty watercolor pan, bottle cap, or other small container.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.014267
Retrieved Text: This is an exquisite rendition of the famous Canadian Snowy Owl. The black stone is absolutely breathtaking. The purity of it is so vibrant. A true masterpiece.
It is the contrasting spectre of radiant black stone merging onto the stirring yellow inlayed eyes which makes this piece parade onto another level of tenacious exuberance. This immediately grabbed my attention, especially when able to see it done in black stone. It makes for an especially exciting piece.
The inlayed eyes are Manning's raison d'etre and contribution to the Inuit art world. There is no artist that has mastered this gruelling technique quite like Manning. Fitting them into the stone takes much experience and skill. It is the eye catching colors of the eyes that bring his pieces to life.
This is a gorgeous and classic snowy owl by world renown Joanasie Manning. He is internationally famous for his owls like these ones (mother owl with a chick).
The eyes made from caribou antler blend exquisitely with the black marble stone. The carving is polished to a mirror shine with beautiful proportions and lines throughout.
Signed and comes with igloo tag.
Joanassie was born and lived in Cape Dorset all his life.
* From Cape Dorset Sculpture, 2005.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.65531
Retrieved Text: Picked up a flat cut corned beef, soaked for 4 hours in water, changing the water ever hour. Separated the piece of point it had on it and very liberally seasoned with minced garlic and fresh ground pepper. Put meat indirect on the kettle with a couple pieces of cherry wood. Didn't monitor the kette temps or meat, once the meat had a nice bark I foiled.
While the corned beef was smoking, I cut up two heads of cabbage, vidalia onion, added a stick of butter, salt, pepper, garlic and half a can of beer.
After about 3 hours in the smoke, was satisfied with the bark an color, so it was time to foil until tender.
I cut a small hole in the top of the cabbage for a 'little' smoke flavor for the first hour, then covered the hole.
After about an hour rest, it was time to slice the meat. Fork tender, but slicable and very tasty if I may say so myself.
Cabbage is nice and tender as well.
My plate with whole grain stone ground mustard.
Love it! Like the burst of posts the last few days! Bring em'on!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.484673
Retrieved Text: When choosing the stone, consider color, chip size and price. Color is strictly an artistic consideration, and price a personal choice, but chip size will affect your finish piece artistically.
Chip sizes range from a fine powder to 1/2-inch pieces. Be sure your chip will fit into the recess, but also note that the size will affect the appearance of the final product. The smaller the pieces, the more even the color will be. Crushed stone in various colors and sizes can be found at many large craft stores, but can also be purchased online.
To fill the inlay with the stone and resin, fill approximately 3/4 of the recess with the crushed stone. If you are working with a powder, you may find a small paint brush helpful in filling the recess.
When the stone is in place, mix your resin filler according to package directions, and be sure to use a clear epoxy resin.
For small spaces fill the epoxy in the recess with a craft stick or toothpick. Use the toothpick to pop any air bubbles that may form. The mixture of stone and epoxy should be filled just above the lip of the recess. Be careful here because while you want the resin to be just slightly past the top of the recess, you do not want it to spill any onto the jewelry piece.
Finish your stone inlay by sanding and polishing. For best results, use finer grades of sandpaper as you work. For example use a 220 grit sandpaper to sand down to within a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.71668
Retrieved Text: Stoves and woks stone coating cookware induction.
And also grills, pans and jumpers with stone coating for any type of cooking.
Grill 28x28 cm aluminum non-stick coating reinforced with stone particles.
Grilling pan measuring 24x24 cm in aluminium with reinforced stone particle non-stick coating.
Omelette pan of 24 cm in diameter (4 mm thick), resistant and with 2 non-stick layers.
32 cm aluminum stove reinforced with stone particles.
Pancake pan with a diameter of 28 cm, aluminum, guaranteed without PFOA. Bakelite handle.
Tamagoyaki omelette pan (3 mm thick) with 2 non-stick layers, very light and handy, rectangular shape.
Grill plate 47x29 cm aluminum non-stick coating reinforced with stone particles.
Stove 20 cm aluminum coating reinforced with stone particles.
Stove 28 cm aluminum coating reinforced with stone particles.
Omelet pan 20 cm in diameter (4 mm thick), resistant and with 2 non-stick layers.
Grill 24x34 cm aluminum non-stick coating reinforced with stone particles.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.33216
Retrieved Text: Jun 8, 2015 ... Filling Gaps in wood using Turquoise Inlay with Sand and Epoxy - BigDGuitars .... is about six inches tall with a cap threaded onto the end, put my stone scrap into it and then use a piece of round steel stock about a foot long to crush it.﻿ .... Wood Filler & Epoxy SHOWDOWN - 11 products - Duration: 14:02.
Mix the epoxy glue, according to the manufacturer's instructions, in a disposable cup and add the pulverized ... Use a craft stick to scoop the stone mixture from the cup and place it into the crack. ... How to Use Crushed Rock for Filler in Epoxy.
A resin filler such as Epoxy 330. • Crushed stone such as turquoise, coral, jet, mother-of-pearl or any other ... Use a Rio Polisher for grinding and polishing inlay.
See More. Epoxy Inlay in Wood | Crushed Turquoise Inlay Filler .... See More. River rock going through table top, router out wood then use rock and pour resin.
How to Use Crushed Rock for Filler in Epoxy. Finely crushed stone added to epoxy resin is a popular inlay material for jewelry makers and other craftspeople.
SUNYIK Howlite Turquoise Tumbled Chips Stone Crushed Pieces Irregular .... I've been using this in combination with the turquoise powder for filling larger voids on my ... Used with heavy duty, high strength builder's formula epoxy (from loctite) and the ... Great crack filler for wood slabs, with just the right amount of sparkle.
filler content, 10–15%; ... Kobayashi and Ito , Polyester, Crushed stone, fine sand,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.009945
Retrieved Text: Stone tools such as spear points were made through a process called flintknapping. Striking a rock in a particular way causes flakes/chips to come off. Learning to strike the rocks in the best way takes lots of practice and involves many mistakes. Even today, with patience and learned skill, people can make spear points out of stone.
The first step in making a tool from a piece of raw material is to remove the weathered surface called cortex. The piece of raw material is struck with a hammerstone which causes large flakes to be driven off. Some of these flakes may be used later to make smaller tools such as scrapers or triangular points.
Shaping the piece into the desired tool form is the second step in the tool making process. Early stages of this process are done using a hammerstone. For the later and finer work a baton of wood or antler is used to thin the edges and to establish the form.
Pressure flaking is the last step in making the stone tool. Very small, thin flakes are carefully removed from around the margins of the tool by applying pressure with an antler tine. This type of flaking strengthens, straightens and sharpens the cutting edges of the tool and shapes the piece into its final form.
Early spears were different than spears people use today. Today we might find spears with points made of steel and shafts made of aluminum. Early hunters had to use the raw materials that were available around them. Instead of processed metals, they

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.38528
Retrieved Text: Granite or other stone powders are added to polyester resin, polyurethane resin, epoxy, gypsum cement or other binders. Small objects are cast and cured in suitable molds. To conserve the granite or stone powder when casting large pieces you can dust (salt) the mold surface, brush a thin coating on the surface, spread or roll the powder on or spray a thin coating. The mold is then back filled with resin or fiberglass, iron or steel shot, sand or calcium carbonate to increase the weight to give it the heft and feel of a hot foundry ‘pour.’ You can also lighten the piece by added hollow glass beads to your back up casting mix. After curing and removal from the mold, the object must be gently abraded or burnished with fine steel wool (triple 0 grade), a Scotch Brite® pad, or sand blasted to remove the microscopic film of binder from the surface of the granite particles. This exposes the pure stone beneath. Click here to download information of creating cold casting pieces. The object will have the authentic look and feel of a granite carving. That is because the surface is now true granite.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.07905
Retrieved Text: On the fourth floor of the Staller Center is the lithograph studio. It’s a bright room filled with tables, rustic lithographic presses and the strong scent of chemicals.
Alexandra Iosub works at the second press. Wearing a denim apron over a black t-shirt and jeans with her brown hair tied back in a ponytail, she assembles a rectangular stone—a Bavarian limestone, to be exact—on the bed of the machine. On the smooth surface of the stone is a sketch of a woman cringing in pain, and floating beside her is a feathery object.
The image of the pained woman is part of a series Iosub is creating for her Advanced Theory and Practice of Printmaking lithography course. Called “Geometry of Life,” the project is a sequence of images that tells a story about the cyclical events that make up life—being born, experiencing pain, giving birth, death. This image falls in the middle of the series and portrays a woman losing her wings. In the next image or two, the woman will fall and crash, although Iosub says she doesn’t know what the scenes will look like just yet.
Lithography is the practice of drawing on a lithographic stone with an acid or grease-based pen, and the image on the stone is then printed onto paper using a specialized press. Iosub says it takes her about a week to create a print—one day to sketch the image and let it dry, the other five or six days to prep and eventually make the prints. “It’s a very meditative process,” she

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.956947
Retrieved Text: Learn How and Where to Recycle and Reuse ConcreteJul 2, 2018 . The construction industry now has many ways to recycle concrete. Learn about the uses, benefits, and equipment involved in reusing concrete.underground chunks of stone crushing,Granite | Minerals Education Coalition. because the magma cools slowly underground, allowing larger crystal growth. . Granite is mined as either crushed stone or dimension stone mainly using open pit . Larger pieces of granite are used to stabilize the land around roadways to.New to Mining? Here are the Most Common Types of Mining .Dec 21, 2015 . Probably one of the most common pieces of mining equipment, drills are an . Underground specialized mining equipment such as trucks, loaders, . As its name suggests, crushing equipment is used to crush rock and stone.
May 4, 2017 . "(That stone starts in an) underground quarry in Joliet and there it is .. Above ground at the Joliet-area mine, line chunks are broken down for . Crushed line is loaded onto a barge on the Des Plaines River at the.
A crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust. . The earliest crushers were hand-held stones, where the weight of the stone provided .. With gunpowder being increasingly applied to mining, rock chunks from a ... Surface · Underground in hard rock · Underground in soft rock.
and underground (continuous and . s u r v e ~ h g stone (aggregate) &ing and crushing and . ing and crushing equipment) and fill-shift dose memure- ...

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.79102
Retrieved Text: I have turned a tree into a marionette. With strings I tried to imitate real wind.
I attempted to move a lake with two bucket.
I made armour for living tree using steel sheets and pop rivets.
I removed a 10 x 10 meter piece of forest and sorted it into it’s different materials: soil, moss, wood, pines, etc. I then rebuilt this piece of forest and arranged the different materials by colour.
I cut down a tree and chopped it into small pieces. I then tried to rebuild the tree using a hammer and nails.
I made a boat from bark I collected from the forest floor. I sailed across the Baltic sea with the vessel.
I tried to make a small iceberg, so throughout the winter I stored 7 cubic meters of snow inside a big styrofoam box. When the summer came, I took the snow out and brought it to the sea.
I row a palm island.
I felled a tree. I carved timber to chips. Then I glued chips back to timber.
I built an island for myself.
I’m standing in a flour storm. I have a carrot nose.
I printed my portrait on various maps. Then I started to orientate the maps following the lines on my face. On my arm I carried a satellite recorder (GPS) drawing the path that I walked.
The stone that I found after seven minutes of digging. The stone that I found after seven hours of digging. The stone that I found after seven days of digging.
I was in the forest four days without food, drinking water

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.636784
Retrieved Text: flameless candle stick rustic red candle stick holder with candle3085852ajpg flameless candle sticks bulk.
flameless candle stick 6 or 12 pieces led flameless candlestickbattery led candle lightlong candle led flameless candlesticks.
flameless candle stick classic ivory 15 wax flameless taper candles luminara flameless candle sticks.
flameless candle stick flameless candlesticks flower arrangement flameless candlesticks battery operated.
flameless candle stick youngerbaby set of 2 flameless taper led candlecr2032 coin battery powered candles yellow black flameless candlesticks.
flameless candle stick ishowtienda 6pcs led and 1pcs romantic candlestick tea light candles velas sin llama realistic battery pandaing taper flameless window candles with candlestick holders pandaing taper flameless window candles with candlestick holders realistic dancing flame remote control and or hours timer function ivory color.
flameless candle stick flameless candles sticks led candles or traditional candles use led and candles flameless flickering candle sticks.
flameless candle stick led moving wick flameless candle stick flameless candlesticks with timer.
flameless candle stick luminara 8 candlestick moving wick ivory flameless battery operated taper candles set of 2 wtimer luminara candles taper candles window candles online black flameless candlesticks.
flameless candle stick flameless taper candle stick set with remote control and batteries holly flameless candlesticks.
flameless candle stick holly flameless candlesticks.
flameless candle stick battery operated bisque color led resin candle set 9 piece flameless candlesticks.
flameless candle stick flameless candles clip art candle flameless candlesticks.
flameless candle stick luminara flameless candle sticks.
flameless candle stick moving flame candles led flickering candle sticks.
flameless candle stick 7 inch tall white led taper candle stick our flameless flameless candlesticks with timer.
flameless candle stick marble stone candlestick flameless birch bark taper

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.21387
Retrieved Text: What medical condition takes my strongest, toughest patients down to their knees in pain? Kidney stones. I'm going to discuss kidney stones risk factors, common causes of kidney stones, kidney stones treatment, passing kidney stones and much more.
While most people do not consider kidney stones to be precious gems, some celebrities have actually sold the kidney stones they have passed for money. Gene Simmons of KISS reportedly sold one of his passed kidney stones for $15,000 and William Shatner has been reported to have sold one of the kidney stones that he passed for $75,000. They reportedly donated the proceeds to charity. I guess one man's trash is another man's treasure, but I digress.
What is a kidney stone? A kidney stone is exactly what it sounds like, it's a rock in your kidney. But how does the stone form? A kidney stone forms when you have particles or substances in your urine that stick together. They usually stick together when they are in high concentrations in your urine. Once these particles stick together, they form a crystal. That crystal adheres usually to the inside of your kidney. As time goes on, more and more particles or substances stick to that crystal, that crystal becomes larger, and you develop a kidney stone.
There are different types of particles, which tend to form stones. These particles include substances like calcium, oxalate, cysteine, and uric acid. As urine flows through your kidneys, that flow can cause your kidney stones to move towards your bladder and into the direction of the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.175804
Retrieved Text: I love homemade pizza. Who doesn’t? I have one bone to pick with the concept, though.
Why oh why do I have so much trouble transferring the crust from my pizza peel to my baking stone, or from the stone to my plate? Seriously. It sticks every time.
While delicious, my pizza is never pretty or photogenic. Or cooked evenly for that matter. Stupid crust bunching up when I try to move it.
I’ve tried oil. I’ve tried cornmeal. I’ve tried flour. No dice.
Can someone please tell me why the pizza gods hate me?
Or why I find it so much easier to grill pizza on our old Freecycle-scored grill?
Good thing I love grilled pizza more than baked. Because it looks like we’ll be eating our pizza that way from now on, unless somebody can save me.
Truth time: I didn’t actually measure anything other than the ingredients for the crust.
Chopped vegetables of your choosing. I went with peppers and onions.
Preheat your grill to high. Roll out your dough on an oiled piece of aluminum foil on top of a pizza peel. Assemble the rest of your ingredients.
Brush the crust with olive oil, then slide the aluminum foil and crust onto the grate of the grill. Close the lid and cook for 3-5 minutes, or until the bottom begins to brown.
Use the pizza peel to remove the crust from the grill and decrease the heat to medium. Brush the crust again with olive oil.
Carefully flip the crust over so that it lies cooked-side up on the foil.
Brush with olive oil and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.9741
Retrieved Text: It has not been treated or polished. All amber we sell is Genuine, Authentic, and Natural Baltic Amber. It is not artificial, plastic, and synthetic, reconstituted or substitute for amber. We are dont combined our lot. Baltic amber is one of the most beautiful and useful stone ovn the Earth. Since the ancient times until today Baltic Sea throws this stone into the shore reminding us about mysterious legends that surrounds Baltic amber and its organic mineral origins that emerged million years ago. Raw amber is still being used for medicine purposes and is well acknowledged for its healing and therapeutic benefits. Baltic amber is more welcomed than any other kinds of ambers because it has the biggest concentration of raw amber and significantly less amounts of heavy metals.
Even if you could never call amber as a living organism, however, its chemical composition is very similar to one. When one takes a piece of amber stone into his hands he can expect gentle and warm sensations. According to the scientific research acid in the amber is a natural bio stimulant which has a positive effect on respiratory tract.
Also, this majestic stone is well known for boosting immune and nerve systems, detoxing organism and for its calming capacity. This is why Baltic amber stone is widely used for this day in the modern medicine. It is interesting that every living organism is able to produce this acid by itself, however, not as sufficiently as amber can provide, if used regularly. When in contact with your skin, this

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.830997
Retrieved Text: For thousands of years, women and men have taken part in wearing earrings. Native Americans have perfected the art and, depending on which tribe you look at, their earrings differ drastically. For example, the Navajo will incorporate a variety of stones in the same larger settings that accompanies most of their jewelry, while the Hopi will stick to their traditional use of overlay silver to create truly stunning pieces. Each tribe has their own techniques and it’s important to know these differences before you look into buying a certain piece.
The Navajo have a very distinct style when it comes to making Navajo earrings. As with most of their jewelry crafting techniques, the stone is prominently featured, whether it’s a turquoise piece or made of coral.
You will notice that Navajo earrings, in contrast to the styles of other tribes, are quite ornate in general. Navajo artists really like to utilize their materials and use a lot of whichever stone they have chosen with an equivalent amount of sterling silver. The traditional Navajo piece will be rather large and quite stunning, whether it’s a necklace; earrings, or bracelets, Navajo pieces are easily picked out from the crowd.
As for the stone of choice, there are a few common choices that Navajo artists typically stick to when they design their earrings. Traditionally, they will use turquoise, coral, or oyster shell and less often they will use Lapis Lazuli. Another common practice is using multiple different stones to create a multicolored piece.
From there, it’s really up to the artist what direction

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.795536
Retrieved Text: I work with a variety of tools and materials according to the piece of work I am making, its purpose and the setting it will be in. For a commissioned piece it may be a given surface or the need to go in a particular location which determines the size, scale and design of the work. For my own pieces, the starting point is usually the meaning of the words and how I respond to them. I then choose the materials and media that will allow me to express that in the best way.
These letters have been written with a quill onto handmade paper from Minnesota. One of two pieces using words by Charles Dickens now in the V&A museum.
Paper comes in a wide variety of textures, colours and thickness enabling the right surface to be found for each individual piece of work. Where possible, I use handmade paper because every unique sheet has a life of its own, the letters that are worked onto its surface brings the paper alive as it responds to the spirit of the surface as well as the meaning of the text.
Detail of letters painted with gold acrylic paint onto muslin then stitching applied around the letters.
Applying detailed lettering to fabric becomes possible when the letters are painted. The paint is applied using fine pointed brushes directly to the surface of the cloth. The letters are designed for each unique piece of work, being influenced by the texture, quality and properties of the fabric.
Working on a headstone, letters being carved

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.30732
Retrieved Text: As a soldier you know the importance of proper care and use of your weapons, tools, and equipment. This is especially true of your knife. You must always keep it sharp and ready to use. A knife is your most valuable tool in a survival situation. Imagine being in a survival situation without any weapons, tools, or equipment except your knife. It could happen! You might even be without a knife. You would probably feel helpless, but with the proper knowledge and skills, you can easily improvise needed items.
In survival situations, you may have to fashion any number and type of field-expedient tools and equipment to survive. Examples of tools and equipment that could make your life much easier are ropes, rucksacks, clothes, nets, and so on.
To make a stone knife, you will need a sharp-edged piece of stone, a chipping tool, and a flaking tool. A chipping tool is a light, blunt-edged tool used to break off small pieces of stone. A flaking tool is a pointed tool used to break off thin, flattened pieces of stone. You can make a chipping tool from wood, bone, or metal, and a flaking tool from bone, antler tines, or soft iron (Figure 12-3).
Lash the blade to some type of hilt (Figure 12-3).
To make spears, use the same procedures to make the blade that you used to make a knife blade. Then select a shaft (a straight sapling) 1.2 to 1.5 meters long. The length should allow you to handle the spear easily and effectively. Attach the spear

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.167244
Retrieved Text: In this article I’ll be describing the fundamental process, which total four steps, and enable you to make a fire with ease from two sticks of wood.
Whether you’re going camping in the woods with your friends and family, or wishing to spark up a bonfire, there are fewer life skills that are more vital and more useful then having the capability to spark up a fire from two sticks of wood.
The very first thing you must do is to locate two sticks, with one preferably being hardwood, and the other softwood, being sure that both sticks are dead and as dry as much as possible. The sticks have to be of a certain size, with the softwood being about 1 foot long, 1 inch thick and a minimum of 2 inches across, and the hardwood stick ought to be around 1 inch round. That’s to be certain that it’s easy enough for you to grip. The hardwood stick should also be shaped to a point.
The next step we’ll need to do is to cut a groove in the centre and down the length of the softwood bit of stick. After doing this, turn the stick over, and repeat the identical step on the reverse side. Should you have a knife, perfect, otherwise, look for a stone, preferably a rough stone like sandstone, and rub it up and down the bit of softwood with a firm pressure.
Next, we’ll need to dig a small hole to help keep the piece of softwood in place. Kneel before the softwood

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.866962
Retrieved Text: Heat oven to 500 degrees (or preheat grill to high). If you’re using a pizza stone, heat for at least 30 minutes.
Divide dough into three pieces* and shape each piece into a smooth ball. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 20-30 minutes.
Stretch each ball into a 12-inch round on parchment paper. Slide the paper onto a cookie sheet (or transfer to the baking stone).
Stretch each ball into a 12-inch round on lightly greased cookie sheet. (Don’t stress too much about the roundness, since it will probably look more like an amoeba after you get it on the grill — a delicious amoeba. Once you taste it, you will not care). Pull up the dough on one end and flip gently onto the hot grill. This takes a bit of practice. *You might want to practice with smaller pizzas (divide dough into 4) if you’re grilling.
Bake/grill until dough is blistered and edges are golden brown. Flip to brown the other side.
Remove from heat and add your toppings. Return to oven or grill (med/low) for a few minutes until cheese starts to bubble.
Try grilled Pizza Margherita. Also, one of our favorites: Bertucci’s Shrimp Bella Venezia Pizza — shrimp and fresh tomatoes with a garlicky cream sauce.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.717133
Retrieved Text: Tags: feather, feather pendant, native american jewelry, Native silver, navajo, navajo pendant, navajo silver, navajo silver pendant, navajo sterling, silver pendant, sterling pendant, sterling silver pendant, turquoise.
In the mid 1800s, Navajo silversmiths started to use sand casting as one of their silversmithing techniques. Today, silversmiths still use this technique by carving a design in tufa stone (a porous limestone) and then placing another stone against it. The two pieces are fastened together and molten silver is poured in. Once it has cooled, the artist takes the piece out and finishes it. Navajo artist Gary Custer made this exquisite feather pendant in this manner. Sterling silver with a turquoise stone. The pendant had an open hook bale which is great to fit over all types of necklaces and chains. Signed. Weighs 18 grams.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.687035
Retrieved Text: Can you make pizza on the Big Green Egg? Yes! You make pizza on the Big Green Egg the same as you would in the oven. The only difference is you’re cooking over a flame on the grill. Cooking your pizza can be a great experience. Your homemade pizza will taste even better with the smokey flavor the lump charcoal provides. You’ll think your Big Green Egg is a very expensive Italian wood-fired pizza oven!
You’ll learn the techniques to cooking pizza on your Big Green Egg, let’s get cooking!
The first step is to create your pizza dough. If you don’t want to make your dough, there are prepared options like Boboli. You can also call your local pizza restaurant because I’ll bet you they will sell you pizza dough. Making your pizza dough for the Big Green Egg is part of the fun, here’s my go-to recipe from Giada de Laurentiis. You can Google other pizza dough recipes. The key to making your pizza dough is using natural ingredients and allowing time for the dough to rise.
When I’m setting up to cook pizza, I like to fill the firebox with charcoal. It is always easier to bring up the temperature of the grill than it is to add more charcoal because you didn’t start with enough. Start your charcoal and get to your desired temperature. Cooking pizza requires cooking indirect.
Should the Big Green Egg plate setter legs up or down? Put the plate setter legs down. You will need to keep the pizza stone off the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.438805
Retrieved Text: Crushed stone is mechanically produced. It occurs when crushing machines take a rock deposit and crushes it up to a specified size. The resulting bits of rock are angular and sharp-edged, setting them apart from other types of small stone. Crushed stone is the basic element of most construction projects involving concrete or asphalt.
4-6" Multi Color River Stone. a larger version of the 1-3” river stone, and varies in size. Pictures and stated size are for general guides, not exact colors and sizes. These are naturally produced materials which are not mechanically sized or colored. This means natural stone will vary in color and sizes of stone may change without notice.
Gravel is also a good option for a ditch, such as crushed stone (mechanically cut rocks), and gravel cut in many sizes. You can also consider a French drain, which is a ditch dug at an angle to draw water away from an area, then lined with gravel and topped with sand or sod.
Decomposed granite is one kind of material used as a construction aggregate. Decomposed granite is usually obtained from weathered stone sources and then is mechanically crushed to form a course gravel-like consistency.
been mechanically processed. Breaker run Aggregate resulting from the mechanical crushing of quarried stone or concrete not screened or processed after primary crushing. Crushed gravel Crushed angular particles of gravel retained on a No. 10 sieve. Crushed stone Crushed angular particles of quarried rock retained on a No. 10 sieve.
consisted of layers of clean, broken, or crushed stone mechanically locked into place

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.43538
Retrieved Text: We spotted Jessica DeCarlo’s booth almost immediately as we walked into the market. She had the most lovely geometric hammered metal designs and an inviting smile. At first I walked away from a lost wax cast adjustable ring with double ram heads, but had to come back for it. Chris and I are both Aries, so… face off?
Jessica’s studio is nearby, and you can also find her pieces in local shops in the area when the market is closed. If you can’t make it to Brooklyn, they’re also online. Still loving this lost wax ring! Lost wax is the coolest.
These photos stopped for sure. Of course I love the ocean photos. Well, they’re technically watercolor paper prints. It looks like the photographer, Matt Schwartz, takes a Polaroid photo and then transfers it onto watercolor paper while it’s still developing, and then blows them up large scale depending on the project. His wife was manning the market booth this Sunday, keeping the photos safe from the teasing raindrops. They travel all over the world taking these photos and completing projects for various commercial, restaurant & hospitality, and residential clients. What an adventure!
While not technically in the Dumbo market, this store is a story in itself. Deena brought me by here on our way back to the subway. Siva, the shop owner, sells jade gemstones, feng shui products, jewelry & more. Stop in and find a stone that calls to you, and he’ll help you understand it’s auspicious nature before doing some cleansing spirit magic on the stone

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.337444
Retrieved Text: "Silica stone" is an industrial term for materials such as quartzite, novaculite, and other microcrystalline quartz rocks. These are used to produce abrasive tools, deburring media, grinding stones, hones, oilstones, stone files, tube-mill liners, and whetstones.
· Best Answer: Cutting laser! That was a funny answer. Seriously though, a file has a hardness of around 6.5, still not good enough to shape quartz. What you need is a grinding wheel or diamond point drill bits.
small machine to grind quartz rock offers 128 mountain stone cutting machine products. About 57% of these are stone machinery, 1% are saw machines, and 1% are rock splitter. 45degree cutting machine marble cutter quartz stone slab cutting machine Factory directly sale rock small mobile mini jaw crusher PE150x250 stone mountain.
The Quartz Grindstone (aka: Quartz Grind Stone/ Grind Stone) is a machine block added by the Applied Energistics 2 mod. It is a great early game alternative to the Macerator or the Pulverizer, but it is powered manually, making ore grinding a tedious process.
Crystal Grinding Techniques Crystals may be raised in frequency by grinding them to smaller dimensions. Hand grinding can be used to raise the frequency of an already finished crystal and the can be accomplished without the use of special tools or instruments.
Ball Mill, Milling Machine, Mill Machine manufacturer / supplier in China, offering Quartz Ball Mill for Grinding Quartz Rock Machine, Low Investment Gold Ore Grinding Pan Mill From China Jiangxi Manufacturer, Low Investment Gold Ore Washing Gold Pan and so on.
small machines to grind quartz rock grinding mill china.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.2834
Retrieved Text: Tamara Buchanan is a sculptor of stone. She sculpts in granite, marble, limestone, sandstone, and basalt. Preferring to work with organic forms, her sculptures may be either representational or abstract. Her work ranges from large scale, public sculptures to pieces small enough to hold in one's hand. By using figure and form, her sculptures often explore the development of self; the relation of self to the outer world. Each piece is unique and invites touch, reflection, and often a smile.
A graduate of the University of Washington, she studied sculpture Lake Washington College, WA with George Pratt of Vancouver, B.C., in the studios of Silverio Paoli in Pietrasanta, Italy and Mauro Berretini of Sienna, Italy. She has participated in every International Stone Sculptor's Symposium sponsored by the Northwest Stone Sculptor's Association since 1987.
While the creation of her unique art is her primary focus, Tamara enjoys sharing her passion by teaching. Her classes at her studio on Lopez Is, WA, at Pratt Fine Arts Center in Seattle, WA, and at the NWSSA International Stone Sculptor's Symposium, are a source of joy and further learning for both her students and herself.
Stone sculpture in many ways is an art form of an earlier time. It is an art form which takes time and patience to perform. There is nothing about it which speaks to the speed at which our lives must travel in our present society. Every piece of stone is unlike any other stone. Since stone must be worked by an individual's hand, each piece is then unique, one

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.267735
Retrieved Text: Creating a stepping stone pathway in your yard or garden can be a necessary part of landscaping as well as a form of self-expression. Although there are many ways to create yard and garden pathways, making your own stepping stones is a fun project that can be enjoyed by the entire family. Making stepping stones is a wonderful way to bring both personality and useful protection to an often-traveled path.
Choose a mold for your stepping stone. Cake pans and pie pans work the best, but you can also use plastic tubs or cardboard boxes. You can also find special molds for making stepping stones in an arts and crafts store.
The mold needs to be at least 2 inches (5.1 cm) thick.
If the edges of your mold are not rigid, then you will need to use something to reinforce them until the concrete hardens. This usually takes about 24 hours.
Coat the inside of your mold with petroleum jelly or nonstick cooking spray. This will make it easier to remove the stepping stone from the mold. If you are using a cardboard mold, cover the inside of the mold with a plastic sheet (ie: plastic wrap or a plastic bag) first. It would be a good idea to grease the plastic sheet afterwards as well. Keep in mind that if the plastic has any wrinkles or seams in it, then these will likely show on the concrete as well.
Put on protective gear. This is very important. Concrete is dusty and can irritate sensitive skin. It's not something you

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.160564
Retrieved Text: He considers himself a lucky, lucky, lucky man. For the past 24 years, Douglas MacDonald has made his livelihood doing what he loves. The gargoyles and creatures that he creates in cast stone are his representations of and homage to the stone carvings that adorn ancient stone buildings from medieval times onward.
MacDonald’s cast stone sculptures refute his claim that he can’t draw. His ability to replicate architectural images in his chosen three-dimensional medium is remarkable — so much so that five of his pieces are available on Parliament Hill at the Parliamentary Boutique. Four of them are miniature replicas of the much larger (3’ x 3’) squares that adorn four corners of the Centre Block. There are two images of Indigenous Canadians, one Acadian smoking a pipe, and one stonemason.
Each cast stone sculpture represents an interest and a learning experience for its creator. MacDonald loves architecture and he loves history. When his research and his travels disclose an interesting architectural adornment, he digs into the origins and the background of the image that was painstakingly rendered by a master stonemason from a previous era. Stonemasonry is one of civilization’s oldest trades, so his subject matter ranges from Pagan imagery through classical mythology across religious symbolism and icons all the way to secular and political ornamentation.
MacDonald takes pride in the fact that he constantly improves both the process and the materials he uses to replicate the decorative stone sculptures that adorn heritage architecture. Working from reference photographs, he sculpts a clay model from which he makes a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.144333
Retrieved Text: Hand stamping jewelry is a great way to create a personalized collection. If you add soldering, or any of these techniques, to the mix you'll be able to elevate your collection easily!
Elevate your stamped jewelry with a few simple tips! Before the holidays, I played around in the studio with some stamps, blanks, soldering ornaments and a torch. Now, hand stamping is not something I frequently do because I tend to spend all of my time on jewelry soldering projects. I found though, that when I combined the two, they complimented each other using just a few simple techniques.
A few of these techniques require the use of a torch, but if you're not used to soldering we have lots of articles and videos to help you.
I love to solder, I know I say it time and time again, but everything about it I love. Don’t get me wrong, it definitely wasn’t like that at first. I was timid, scared of the heat and the flame and out of my comfort zone. But boy, did that all change and I assure you it will for you, too. I see it all the time with the employees here, I show them how to solder a couple of things and then they run with it. Just think about it, when you learn how to solder, you open up a whole world of new techniques and skills that you can offer to your customers. Not only can you finally solder jump rings closed, but you can also now design shanks

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.02392
Retrieved Text: As the focal point of a room, the fireplace shows off every penny of a makeover fund. Here, we replaced a drab slate surround with richly veined marble and enclosed the prefab, zero-clearance firebox with glass doors set within a polished-brass frame.
To keep costs down on the surround, we hit the remnants section of our local stoneyard and had a slab cut into three ¾-inch-thick pieces for the top and two side legs. Prices start at $195 for the stone and fabrication. We paid $450 for our rare Portoro marble (Bridgewater Marble & Granite Works), bringing the total outlay to about $875, including about $425 for the Thermo-Rite doors.
By leaving the wood mantel in place and removing only the trim that overlapped the surround, we minimized the work—and the mess.
TOH Tip: To hide scuff marks on an old slate hearthstone and add a soft sheen, rub on a thin layer of boiled linseed oil, then wipe off the excess with a rag.
Take off the molding along the mantel's inner edge. Start by scoring the painted seam with a utility knife. Then slide a putty knife into the seam and rock it back and forth to pry the finishing nails loose. Remove the side strips before moving on to the top one.
Remove the existing surround using a pry bar wedged between the stone and the wall. Start at the top end of a side leg, levering the bar to break the adhesive bond between the stone and the wall. Slide the bar down the leg, gently prying

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The stone particles stick to the wet piece of wood. He then takes the knife and sharpens it against the wood piece. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: then cuts off the excess hair of the wood.

Ending 2: scrapes the wood with a broom in the cutting tool used in sharpening the instrument.

Ending 3: writes on the board again.

Ending 4: then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.05075
Retrieved Text: Care and proper use of a high-quality knife is always essential to maintain the best cutting edge and to insure the highest possible degree of safety when using. After all, a dull knife is a dangerous knife. The more pressure required to cut with a knife the greater chance of an accident occurring while it is being used.
Ideally, the knife should be sharpened daily (for professional cooks) or about every six months (for hobby cooks), and by the same person each time or with the help of a ‘sharping guide‘. Each person has an individual angle at which he or she sharpens the knife. The blade of the knife becomes sharper each time it is sharpened in the same manner, by the same person or with the help of an optional attachable ‘sharping guide‘. This ‘sharping guide‘ helps you hold knife’s edge at 15-20 degree angle when sharpening – the ideal angle.
There are various types of waterstones & ceramic stones available and normally a medium grit stone is sufficient to start with. However, if the blade is blunt or damaged, it may be necessary to start with rough grit. There are several differences between waterstones and ceramic stones. A waterstone must be placed in water and allowed to soak for 10-15 minutes to allow it to absorb sufficient moisture. A ceramic stone also requires water, but only needs to soak in water for 3-5 minutes. A ceramic stone is harder than a waterstone, so it will sharpen your knives more quickly. A ceramic stone will last

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.93365
Retrieved Text: Wet sharpening systems offer some distinct advantages over dry sharpeners aka If you place your anywhere hand on the housing you can feel the vibration.
Tormek T-8 Grinder Sharpener, made in Sweden - T8 Sharpening System slow-turning, wet-grinding at Highland Woodworking, authorized Tormek Grinder Dealer. Use the chart below to select the correct tool & add it to your shopping cart.
The water handling system is optional, but makes the Makita much Do let the caulk dry before you add water.
WEN 4270 10-Inch Two-Direction Water Cooled WetDry Sharpening System. WEN 4270 10-Inch Add to Wish List Add to Compare. 0 reviews Write a review.
NETZSCH-Feinmahltechnik GmbH is one of the market leader in wet grinding particles make the agitator bead mill a universal wet processing machine.
Add to cart or click on item number to see discount. Tormek T-7 Sharpening System Standard Equipment; Stone Grader; Honing Compound years of evolution, making it the best and most versatile wet grinder system on the market today!
and with abrasives designated as suitable for this type of operation. Dry. Wet the grinding or cutting-off wheel on the machine, ensure that the operating . Put portable machines in suitable cradles, when not being used, to avoid damage.
Turnkey Systems for the Pharmaceutical and Cleaning and Sterilisation in place systems is turn key and equipment wherever wet grinding and dispersing.
May 13, 2013 There are countless committed disciples of wet sharpening systems like the ability put on a quick and easy to re-hone 5 degree micro-bevel.
Scheppach 120 Jig Accessory for Tiger Wet-Grinding Machine . would like to return

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.23583
Retrieved Text: Cutting wood is tiring and laborious. Usually, tools such as axes and hatchets give the user weight to split the wood but the swing requires work to propel the weight. Batoning is a method one can use to split wood with little effort. Batoning also gives the user more control and precision. This article teaches you how to baton, what knives you can baton with, as well as clarify some misconceptions about batoning.
Batoning is best done with the knife being held in your left hand.
Place a piece of wood on top of a steady surface. I prefer a stump because, if your knife goes too deep, it will not be damaged.
Point the tip to your right side so that the knife is perpendicular to your body and on top and center of the wood.
Take a batoning stick and place it in your right hand. This is usually a piece of wood that has some weight to it. Some people online use bricks or rocks but that will damage your knife.
Hit the back of the knife with the batoning stick so that it pushes the blade into the wood.
Finally, hit the left or right side of the knife so that the blade wedges itself down the wood.
Batoning is best done with soft woods such as aspen because harder woods like oak will require more force.
This is optional but I find that wearing leather gloves gives me extra protection from splinters and blisters when I baton. It also gives you a little more grip on a wet day.
A

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.10964
Retrieved Text: 2. The metal from the blade should continue through the handle, it should be one solid piece.
5. Price, there are a variety of options and prices based on the number of knives and options you get. Make sure you get High Carbon Steel.
You are much safer using a sharp knife than you are with a dull knife.
When using a sharp knife the blade pierces through the product you are cutting.
When using a dull knife you are tearing or crushing the product.
1. The metal of the knife should be made of high carbon steel. This steel is one that is harder and less likely to change its shape.This is important when dealing with an edge, such as the edge of our knife. Stainless steel is less likely to keep an edge because it is softer and more likely to change its shape. Stainless steel knives need to be continually sharpened.
2. The metal should be solid through the handle of the knife. If the metal is not continuous from the tip of the knife through the entire handle of the knife it could break off at the handle during rigorous use.
4. Comfort - You want a grip and balance that feels like something you want to use.
5. Price - there are a variety of knives, each with their own price tag ,some very expensive. This becomes personal preference, these knives are very good. However not everyone can afford this kind of cash for something this .
There are knives made of a high carbon with the blade through the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.742256
Retrieved Text: Almond Oil Used to oil the bore of a wooden instrument body.
Arkansas Stone Generally a smoother, softer and more porous grit stone commonly used for Vitry brand and soft metal knives. Comes in soft, medium and hard varieties.
Billot Block This is a small cutting block, often with a slightly rounded surface, used for clipping the tip of a reed.
Bees Wax A wax clump which is applied to reed string before the tying process. It gives the string some grip while tying on a reed (so that the string doesn't slip around as much).
Beveled Knife The sides of the blade are flat/angled (as opposed to concave/sloped) to create the sharp edge.
Bocal A curved metal, tube-like attachment to several double reed instruments, such as Oboe D'Amore, English horn and Bassoon. The cork end of the bocal is inserted into the top of the instrument. The reed is attached to the open end of the bocal.
Bore The internal shape of an instrument’s body length. There are two types of bores: cylindrical and conical.
Conical Bore A gentle taper from one end of the instrument to the other. Narrowness of an instrument facilitates use of the high register. Oboe, bassoons and saxophones are conically bored instruments.
Crop We name the different brands of cane by their grower. For example, Carl Alliaud produces what we call Alliaud cane. Most oboe cane crops are grown in France.
Cylindrical Bore The bore is relatively the same width down the body of the instrument. It allows the instrument to play an octave lower, often with a more

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.382812
Retrieved Text: Most cats derive extreme pleasure through their sense of smell when presented with this natural treat. More cats respond to Honeysuckle wood than to catnip.
Honeysuckle wood is very attractive to cats through their sense of smell. Most cats will respond to it by hugging it, rubbing their face on it and licking it. Once you have determined that your cat likes this completely natural treat, then the bigger the better... the more for them to love. Unlike lumber that is cut to standard dimensions, each piece of Honeysuckle wood is unique in size and shape. We price our pieces by taking in to account thickness, length, appearance, and weight. A $5.00 stick would be less than an inch thick and approx. a foot long. A $10.00 stick would be about an inch thick and approx. a foot long. A $15.00 stick would 1-1.5" thick and approx. 12 to 15" long. A $20 post would be about 2" thick and approx. 12-18" long. A $25.00 post would be about 2.5" thick and approx. 15-18" long. A $30 post would be about 2.5-3" thick and approx. 16-20" long. These are guidelines only. We may throw in an extra chunk of wood with your stick or post to ensure that you are getting full value and to give you a chance to pass on a little piece of pleasure to a friend's cat.
Honeysuckle will keep it's potency for many years. We have had many customers tell us their cats are still enjoying the same piece of wood after 10-15

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.816246
Retrieved Text: Stone tools such as spear points were made through a process called flintknapping. Striking a rock in a particular way causes flakes/chips to come off. Learning to strike the rocks in the best way takes lots of practice and involves many mistakes. Even today, with patience and learned skill, people can make spear points out of stone.
The first step in making a tool from a piece of raw material is to remove the weathered surface called cortex. The piece of raw material is struck with a hammerstone which causes large flakes to be driven off. Some of these flakes may be used later to make smaller tools such as scrapers or triangular points.
Shaping the piece into the desired tool form is the second step in the tool making process. Early stages of this process are done using a hammerstone. For the later and finer work a baton of wood or antler is used to thin the edges and to establish the form.
Pressure flaking is the last step in making the stone tool. Very small, thin flakes are carefully removed from around the margins of the tool by applying pressure with an antler tine. This type of flaking strengthens, straightens and sharpens the cutting edges of the tool and shapes the piece into its final form.
Early spears were different than spears people use today. Today we might find spears with points made of steel and shafts made of aluminum. Early hunters had to use the raw materials that were available around them. Instead of processed metals, they

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.788776
Retrieved Text: What drives you crazy while cooking at home? Blunt knife fails to cut the food while the hardly smooth cutting the food,makes the cooking badly annoying.
It is time to polish your knife to make your cooking more convenient. Then our Bavarian Edge Kitchen Knife Sharpener will be your best choice!
◆Sharpen as you like, you can sharpen your knife with different angle according to your knife to reach best effect.
◆Best way to sharpen without removing metal.
◆High quality sharpening and polishing made simple.
◆Fast and easy to use, just a few times sharpen, you can see the obvious difference on your knife, but don't touch the blade with finger.
◆Stable, light weight and small size make your kitchen more convenient.
Try Today with Our 30-Day Money Back Guarantee!
Order This Excellent Kitchen Gadget Now and experience quality and safety!
★ HIGH QUALITY MATERIAL: Bavarian Edge kitchen knife sharpener sharpens ALL your dull knives in seconds, unlike an electric knife sharpener or sharpening steel that only sharpens a couple different types of blades;Made of ultra though Tungsten Carbide that flexes and contours to any blade or angle, much better than a knife sharpening stone.
★ UNIQUE DESIGN: Features two independent spring-action arms made of tungsten carbide that contour to your knife's edge better than a knife sharpening stone;Its independent spring action arms make knives razon sharp in seconds.
★ HIGH PERFORMANCE: Sharpens, hones, and polishes your old knives - give your chef knife and butcher knife a makeover; Sharpen, re-align and polish just by changing angle of the knife. Works equally on straight and serrated blades

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.2958
Retrieved Text: As a soldier you know the importance of proper care and use of your weapons, tools, and equipment. This is especially true of your knife. You must always keep it sharp and ready to use. A knife is your most valuable tool in a survival situation. Imagine being in a survival situation without any weapons, tools, or equipment except your knife. It could happen! You might even be without a knife. You would probably feel helpless, but with the proper knowledge and skills, you can easily improvise needed items.
In survival situations, you may have to fashion any number and type of field-expedient tools and equipment to survive. Examples of tools and equipment that could make your life much easier are ropes, rucksacks, clothes, nets, and so on.
To make a stone knife, you will need a sharp-edged piece of stone, a chipping tool, and a flaking tool. A chipping tool is a light, blunt-edged tool used to break off small pieces of stone. A flaking tool is a pointed tool used to break off thin, flattened pieces of stone. You can make a chipping tool from wood, bone, or metal, and a flaking tool from bone, antler tines, or soft iron (Figure 12-3).
Lash the blade to some type of hilt (Figure 12-3).
To make spears, use the same procedures to make the blade that you used to make a knife blade. Then select a shaft (a straight sapling) 1.2 to 1.5 meters long. The length should allow you to handle the spear easily and effectively. Attach the spear

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.574554
Retrieved Text: In this article I’ll be describing the fundamental process, which total four steps, and enable you to make a fire with ease from two sticks of wood.
Whether you’re going camping in the woods with your friends and family, or wishing to spark up a bonfire, there are fewer life skills that are more vital and more useful then having the capability to spark up a fire from two sticks of wood.
The very first thing you must do is to locate two sticks, with one preferably being hardwood, and the other softwood, being sure that both sticks are dead and as dry as much as possible. The sticks have to be of a certain size, with the softwood being about 1 foot long, 1 inch thick and a minimum of 2 inches across, and the hardwood stick ought to be around 1 inch round. That’s to be certain that it’s easy enough for you to grip. The hardwood stick should also be shaped to a point.
The next step we’ll need to do is to cut a groove in the centre and down the length of the softwood bit of stick. After doing this, turn the stick over, and repeat the identical step on the reverse side. Should you have a knife, perfect, otherwise, look for a stone, preferably a rough stone like sandstone, and rub it up and down the bit of softwood with a firm pressure.
Next, we’ll need to dig a small hole to help keep the piece of softwood in place. Kneel before the softwood

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.5308
Retrieved Text: A blunt knife is a pain to use and can also be an extremely dangerous piece of kitchen equipment. Keeping your knives sharp will keep kitchen frustration to a minimum and allow precise cuts no matter the size of the job. If you want to maintain the sharpest edge on your kitchen knife we have some tips on knife care that you can take advantage of.
A timber cutting board is your knife’s best friend, because wood fibres are able to part around you knife’s blade which reduces friction and catching. Plastic cutting boards also part beneath your blade, but the more you cut on them the more they part leaving cavities for food and germs to collect in. Conversely many timbers are naturally antibacterial, but we do still recommend the old wash in hot soapy water.
Note: We are often asked in store whether we sell marble or glass cutting boards. We’re sorry to say that while these materials look sleek and beautiful in your kitchen there is no such thing as a glass, marble or any other stone or ceramic cutting board. Using your knives on these surfaces is like dragging them across a freeway.
Have you ever been to a holiday home and struggled through dinner prep with a knife you found in the second draw down? Was it terribly blunt? Did you curse its existence? You’re not alone! Nothing makes a sharp knife go blunt like contact with other metal objects, especially when its knife on knife action. Give your quality blades a special home

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.34338
Retrieved Text: Tile shower walls need a layer of backerboard installed first.
1 What Size Backer Board for Installing Tile Around a Tub?
4 Do You Need a Moisture Barrier When Building a Shower Enclosure?
All tile and natural stone installations require the use of concrete backer board or a concrete surface for wet area installations, because the thinset mortar is a cementitious mixture which is meant to bond to another cement-based surface. Although tile can be installed in mastic or on top of plywood with specialty thinset in dry areas, with showers there is the continual presence of moisture, which the concrete board will help absorb over time rather than allowing to penetrate the wood of the wall studs and eventually rot out the home. It's installed with a moisture barrier to provide a moisture-resistant layer for the wall tile.
Decide the best way to install the board on your shower walls. Vertical or horizontal placement doesn’t matter; it’s all about the ease of installation. If you have a wide enough shower and placing the sheets on their longest edge works best, do that. Otherwise, run the sheets with their length going up and down.
Cover the wall studs in plastic sheeting cut down to size with a utility knife to act as a moisture barrier for the wall studs behind the backer board. Staple the sheeting up into place and layer them with a waterfall method so that each upper piece drains down onto the next lower sheet, working their way down to the shower pan. Ensure that the lowest edge

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.304173
Retrieved Text: The Paiute Trap, also known as the Paiute Deadfall Trap, or Paiute Deadfall Mangle Trap, is featured in many survival books as one of the most useful traps. Thomas J. Elpel says it is the trap that he has used the most. Assuming that you already have some cordage, it is the easiest trap to construct that I have made so far.
There are three straight pieces of wood, plus a smaller piece, to make the Paiute trap. There are only two cuts required, one flat edge and one notch, compared to seven for the figure four trap. The four pieces are referred to here as the vertical, the diagonal, the bait stick, and the trigger (which is the smaller piece). You also need a short piece of cordage, about a foot (30 cm) should suffice unless you are making a very large trap. I used home made cordage, that I made from Lomandra (Mat-rush) leaves, although almost any kind of string, cord of rope will work. It does not need to be very strong. You also need a weight. The "rock" I have used here is a piece of broken up concrete slab that I found in the garden.
The parts of the Paiute trap (not including the rock), from top to bottom:	the	vertical,	the	diagonal	(tied	to	the	trigger with a piece	of cordage)	and	the	bait stick.
Although the lengths are not critical, in the trap shown here the sizes are 38 cm (15 inches), 35 cm (14 inches),	28	cm	(11 inches) and 9	cm (3.5 inches). Gregory Davenport says to make the diagonal about 2/3 the length of the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.252556
Retrieved Text: Obsidian is a very insightful and cleansing stone and encourages personal development (self) understanding and clearing of baggage from the past. It brings the truth, the heart or cause of things (or illness) and repressed and buried experiences and emotions. The piece can work as a mirror and helps discover who one really is but also the bright side of the personality to light. The stone reduces fear, blockages, traumas and limiting behavior and thinking patterns. The stone can be very powerful work and the intense emotions that may surface and the fact that some (self) knowledge can be very confrontational, sensitive people may be better this stone under the guidance of a therapist uses or select a different stone ( or working for a softer variant such as apache tears, snowflake obsidian). Obsidian psychisische protects against attacks, reduce negative mental or spiritual influences and takes negative energy from the environment (radiation, water veins, etc.) on. It promotes clarity of mind and sharpens the senses. Physical works the stone analgesic, krampopheffend, stimulates digestion, detoxifies and improves circulation. The stone can also result in chronic work warming cold hands and feet.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.984432
Retrieved Text: Sharpens HSS, Carbide, Cobalt tin coated and Masonry bits. Sharpens bits in less than 30 seconds. Easily replaceable diamond grinding wheel sharpens 118 degree point angle size 3/32" to 1/2". On chuck alignment for simplified sharpening process. 1/2 hp induction motor for quiet smooth performance. Two flexible gooseneck lights for better illumination. Adjustable tool rests. Eye shields for safety. No load speed: 3.550 rpm. Pre-drilled heavy-duty cast iron base. Wheel size: 6" x 4/5" x 1/2". Shaft diameter: 1/2". Includes (1) 36G wheel, (1) 60G wheel and light bulbs. Net weight: 25 lbs. Adjustable tool rests. No Load Speed 3450/min, magnifying eye shields and spindle lock. Wheel dimensions: 6"x3/4"x1/2" arbor hole grinding wheels, wheel grit left 36#/right 60#; machine weight 29 lbs. Accessories include: (2) Work rest and (2) Abrasive grinding wheels.
Sharpens straight blade knives, curved knives, tanto blades, filet knives, serrated knives, gut hooks, scissors, axes, hatchets, mower blades, garden shears, shovels and most any tool with a blade. Gives you fast, easy, precision results every time. Includes 2 guides, a 50 degree guide for hunting and outdoor knives (25 degrees per bevel) and a 40 degree guide for thinner blades and kitchen knives (20 degrees per bevel). Won't burn or damage blade steel. Multi position grinding head with belt that conforms to cutting edge of any knife or tool, appropriate angle for specific knives. Flexible abrasive belts in multiple grits, creates a taper grind. Includes: Work Sharp Power Platform, belt sharpening module, kitchen knife guide, outdoor knife guide, abrasive belt kit: (P80 coarse, P220

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.614445
Retrieved Text: A friend of mine bought some new, very sharp knives. He has a magnetic strip that he uses to store knives, but he does not put these new knives there because he says magnets dull knives.
Is that true? I've never heard of this. If so, why do magnets dull knives?
The magnets themselves don't dull them; they're not nearly strong enough to deform a blade.
But it is possible to damage your knives on those racks. It's very easy to drag the blade along the rack a bit as you pull it off, and easy for the magnet to snap it against the rack as you put it on.
Both are avoidable, though. When removing the knife, you twist it so that the sharp side leaves the magnet first. When putting it on the rack, you let the blunt side touch first, so when it snaps the rest of the way on, it's only the flat side against the rack, never the blade.
It also helps to get a version that's not just bare metal; there are plenty with the magnet underneath wood. It might not be ideal if you let the blade drag along it a lot, just as you probably don't want to drag it along your cutting board, but it's a lot better than metal. Also, since the knife isn't directly against the magnet, the force doesn't increase as sharply as you get to the rack, so there's less snap.
So, if you're worried that you (or guests in your kitchen) may not always be too careful, a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.59569
Retrieved Text: The 1000 grit is perfect for use on edges that have only just dulled and there is a slight but noticeable drop in performance. Used in the intermediate stages of restoring an edge or in the primary stage of sharpening a dulled edge, these man made Japanese waterstones will turn a dull edge into a sharp one very quickly. The soft bonding compound releases the suspended abrasive particles very easily for rapid, clog free cutting. For ease of use, this stone is supplied mounted in its own stand with rubber, non-slip feet.
Unlike other synthetic sharpening stones which consist of a single abrading agent, these Japanese waterstones consist of aluminium oxide, carbide and nitride particles fused together. This blend is then mixed with a clay like bonder and baked at high temperatures to form the sharpening stone. The resultant stone is soft but sharpens very quickly. The soft bonding clay allows the abrasive particles to release very easily when the stone is soaked in water. This gives the user a constant supply of fresh cutting surfaces with which to grind, sharpen and hone their tools.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.51482
Retrieved Text: Mirka 23-614-060 5-inch 5-Hole 60-Grit Dustless Hook & Loop Sanding Discs – 50-Pack - In order to achieve an optimal sanding result, the semi-open grit binding and special stearate coating are designed to prevent clogging and pill forming. Gold is an all-round sanding material that can be used for many purposes. Mirka gold is a durable product very well suited for sanding at high speeds. Suited for automotive refinishingwood processingmetal processingmarine industryvehicles manufacturing available as sheetsdiscsrolls specifications bonding resin over resingrain aluminium oxidecoating semi-opencolor goldgrit range p80-p800backing c paper.
uxcell 5″ Dia 8 Hole 5000 Grit Abrasives Hook and Loop Sanding Disc Light Green 10PCS - Widely used in artificial stone, furniture and wood products, metals, automobiles, circuit board, ship, sheet metal, wood, surface coating, the glass fiber plate, computer casings and other many products of rust, leveling, polishing, mirror and so on. Descriptionthe use of high quality dry grinding materials, sharp and durable. Items of grinding and polishing. .
Bosch SR5R045 5″ Hook & Loop Sanding Disc, 8-Hole, Red, 40 Grit 50 Pack - Sanding discs for wood item # sr5r045 diameter 5 inch grit 40 description hook & loop, 8 holes quantity 50. Diameter 5 (in) with pre-punched holes. Features a special non-stick coating designed to eliminate the dust that often clogs other sandpapers rendering them ineffective. Industrial strength, this paper provides users with the highest quality aluminum oxide grit and resin bonding agent. Ideal for paint and finish removal or sanding softer materials. Lasts up to four times longer than standard sandpaper. Bosch sr5r045 5″

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.42381
Retrieved Text: 4k00:21Sushi Chef Sharpening his Knife Blade with a Pink Stone. Professional chef with kitchen knives. A sushi-man wets and sharpens his Japanese knife. Preparing sashimi knife blade.
4k00:08Waiter with a tray of food in the restaurant at night, walking to customer. Steadicam shot.
hd00:19Perspective from a shopping cart as it races through the aisles of a supermarket grocery in time lapse.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.166306
Retrieved Text: Door trim, especially wood trim exposed to the weather, can rot and become damaged over time. It’s not too difficult to replace, but you do need to be able to use a miter saw. The old trim is easy to pull off with a pry bar. Then, cut the new trim to size and nail it in place. When you’re finished, stain or paint the trim to match it with the rest of your house.
Cut through the caulking with a utility knife. Work your knife’s blade under the outside edge of the trim. You may also cut through some paint while doing this, but that’s okay. Cut all the way around the trim to free it.
Make sure to cut all the way through the caulking to avoid damaging the paint when you pry off the trim.
Use a pry bar to pull off the trim. Slide the edge of the pry bar under the trim near a nail. You can tap a hammer against the back of the bar to help wedge it in. Pull back one piece of trim at a time, taking care not to damage the walls and door jamb. It doesn’t matter which side you start on, as long as you remove all the pieces you want to replace.
To protect the walls, hold a scrap of wood against the wall and rest the back of the pry bar against it as you work. There’s not really a way to protect the jamb besides being very careful when leveraging the trim.
Scrape off any remaining

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.74362
Retrieved Text: Japanese repair tissue is usually torn so that the edges are feathered, not cut sharp as they would be with a knife or scissors. The feathered edge allows the repair tissue to “blend” onto the text paper. Repair tissue can be torn with a water tear or needle tear. A needle tear gives a slightly less feathered edge than a water tear.
To water tear a piece of Japanese repair tissue, use a small, pointed natural bristle paint brush to draw a wet line or shape on the Japanese tissue. For a straight line, wet a piece of repair tissue against the edge of a ruler or straight edge. The water weakens the fibers of the tissue and allows it to tear along the wet line.
To needle tear a piece of Japanese repair tissue, use a needle-in-a-stick to score the surface of the Japanese tissue. The point of the needle creates a “dotted line” on the surface of the Japanese tissue to tear along.
Lay a piece of black mat board or paper under the missing area to make the outline of the loss more visible.
Put a piece of polyester film over the loss to protect the page from the water and needle; then lay two layers of Japanese repair tissue over the film and water tear or needle tear the patches to fit the loss. One patch will go on each side of the loss.
If the damaged page is not attached to the text block, it is possible to use a light table or the light from

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.58788
Retrieved Text: 151 products ZICAR WS206A Knife Grinding MachinePlaner Blade Sharpener. US $400-500 . Hydraulic saw blade sharpening machine for sale. US $4500-5800 hot sell plastic crusher straight blade & knife sharpening knives planer.
Tormek SVH-320. The PlanerJointer Blade Sharpening Jig That Precisely Sharpens Virtually Any Length Blade - - Amazon.com. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com in easy-to-open packaging. Gift-wrap Sold by: Advanced Machinery.
Jointer Planer Blade Sharpener Knife Hone & Holder Reversible Sharpening Stn honing both bevel and face sides of jointer and planer blades without having to remove them from the machine. The “DEULEN” JointerPlaner Knife Sharpening jig is designed to allow. . Skil model 190, 5.5 amp electric planer for sale.
Wood processing machines planing machines and moulders for planing and profiling of solid wood, panels and plastics. from tools and knife production on the Rondamat series tool grinding machines to Detail page Cube Plus automatic planer . Sales manager Patrick McQuaid is delighted with his new investment.
WEINIG tool grinding machines of the Rondamat series enable This is where the tool bodies are equipped, the knives are sharpened and the tools are measured. With the appropriate planning, the right tools is on the right machine at the right time. Sales manager Patrick McQuaid is delighted with his new investment.
My dad has one of these cheap and crude looking planer knife sharpening A machine identical to my dads is also available as the Grizzly: If you work too fast, the blade will warm up near the front edge, but still be cool towards the back.
10918 products China Knife

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.33265
Retrieved Text: Very small rounded particles, very wet or very dry, such as dry silica sand, cement, wet concrete, etc.
Rounded dry polished particles of medium density such as whole grain, beans, salt, sugar, etc.
Irregular, granular or lumpy materials of medium density, such as anthracite coal, clay, certain mineral ores, etc.
Common materials such as bituminous coal, stone, rock, most ores, etc.
Irregular, stringy, fibrous, interlocking materials, such as bagasse, wood chips, wet earth, tempered foundry sand, etc.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.295435
Retrieved Text: This collection features 10 flooring materials that bring together the best of both worlds: the precision and durability of stone, with the warmth and texture of wood. To fully emulate wood, these finishes come in a variety of colors, textures, and sizes. The tiles are textured to have a raised irregular feel, exactly as a plank of wood does. To blur the visual impact of the stone tiling, each module is detailed to have vanishing seams. This detail lets the wood surface and panel texture rise to the fore, without the distracting reminder of the stone materiality.
These wood-emulating stone tiles allow for the appearance of wood in spaces that are usually exclusively reserved for stone floor finishes. One example of these spaces is high-traffic areas in public spaces or civic projects. Wood is more susceptible to wear and, therefore, quickly ages in areas with high levels of foot traffic. Another area usually reserved for stone applications is humid and wet environments such as bathrooms. Wood absorbs water, warps in humidity, and cannot be quickly dried. On the other hand, stone is ideal for wet environments where it can be wiped dry and easily cleaned. With these products, humid and wet rooms can have the appearance of wood with the practicality of stone.
With these wood-emulating materials, our typical understanding of materials is challenged and we are pushed to imagine new possibilities for material finishes.
This versatile material comes in six colors and mimics the veined and knotted appearance of wood planks.
The Old_Wood line heavily plays into the worn,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.191526
Retrieved Text: Cordless, multi-functional sharpener with a 1.5Ah Li-ion battery, 3-position power switch function a..
Double-sided aluminium oxide stone for medium and coarse grade sharpening. Sharpens all types of too..
Colour-coded plastic cards with diamond grit abrasive surfaces. Suitable for moistened or dry use. F..
Sturdy plastic with diamond surface and non-slip feet. Ideal for most hand and garden tools. Easy to..
Diamond-sharpening pen for sharpening tools and other items. Can be used wet or dry. Adds a razor-sh..
Monocrystalline diamond-coated carbon steel with 320 grit rating for finer sharpening. Sharpens pock..
Quickly sharpens blunt drill bits to new condition. Suitable for use with carbon steel and HSS spira..
Sharpens HSS drill bits, chisels, knives, scissors, plane irons and other blades. includes jigs for ..
Double-sided whetstone with diamond sharpening plate. High quality plastic base with non-slip feet. ..
Double-sided diamond sharpening stones for sharpening and honing chisels, router cutters, plane blad..
Double-sided silicon carbide stone for fine and medium grade sharpening. Sharpens all types of tools..

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.019144
Retrieved Text: Traditional English pubs have been around for hundreds of years, and although the style varies a little from century to century or location, the basic elements of the English-pub bar style have remained the same the world over. So if you’re thinking about installing a wet bar in your home with a sense of history or tradition, design your bar area after one of the most well-known bar styles — here is a guide to show you how.
Measure the area where you want to place your bar. Sketch out the basic space, using your measurements, on a piece of graph paper. Add necessary elements to your sketch, including the bar itself, stools and storage space, such as cabinets against the wall. If you don't have exact measurements, use standard measurements or estimate.
Choose your colours. Select earthy colours, like oak, a stone shade or deep greens for the walls. For a traditional pub look, go with a deeper brown, like mahogany brown, for the bar itself and the cabinets. Stick with the deep brown theme throughout all your furnishings, including the stools, or lighten up the space, by using a light to medium brown shade for other pieces.
Cover the counter with natural elements. Choose stone or wood countertop material for the bar itself and any additional countertop space. Natural surfaces or scarred wood bar counter tops are traditional in English pubs no matter the era.
Take a page from the design of many historic Irish pubs and open up your cabinets. Many Irish pubs feature thick wood, open

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.95207
Retrieved Text: Stone Measures 4 1/4" x 7/8". With Fully Extended Handle 9 1/2"
Special Price $89.99. SAVE $26.67 Off List Price!
DMT Double-Sided Diafold Kit now includes FREE Diafold Serrated Knife Sharpener. Save $36.67 compared with list price for the combined items.
The DMT Diafold line of sharpeners has always been one of the most versatile sharpeners. The patented DMT Diamond surface not only sharpens quickly, but is also extremely durable and long lasting. When combined with the Free Serrated Knife Sharpener, this kit is able to sharpen both straight and serrated knife edges. These days many hunting and pocket knives have a straight and serrated edge on the same blade. Until now, that has been an issue for many knife sharpening kits (at any price).
The Diafold is one of the most portable sharpeners on the market. It is compact, light and durable. When it is folded, the Diafold can easily fit in a pocket as well as in a tackle box, toolbox or glove box. The folding handles cover the sharpener when not in use, protecting not only the sharpener but also your pocket, from the diamond abrasive.
The Diafold features the same quality monocrystalline diamond abrasives that are found on the larger DMT Diamond Stones. DMT uses only monocrystalline diamond because it lasts longer and sharpens quickly.
What can the Diafold sharpen?
The Diafold Sharpeners can sharpen just about any knife and many different tools. Since it is made of quality diamond abrasives, there is no edge that is too hard for these durable sharpeners.
Our Price is Only $89.99 (Combined List

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.798006
Retrieved Text: The San Francisco Chronicle recently ran an interesting profile on life-long knife sharpener and knife expert Eric. E. Weiss. Weiss, 55, has been sharpening knives since he was five-years-old. He currently earns a living by sharpening approximately 35-40 knives per day, at $8-10 per knife.
Weiss mans a booth at the Berkely Farmer’s Market three days a week and still sharpens knives by hand. He told The Chronicle that he uses four natural stones while sharpening: soft Arkansas, medium Arkanas, red Indian and ceramic, in addition to six grades of industrial diamondstones as sharpening material.
Like many knife experts, Weiss is critical of using dishwashers to clean knives, which he calls his “No. 1 nemsis”.
People seem to think that any knife can be put in a dishwasher. But in fact it’s like sandblasting your car in order to clean it. The knife is banging against the basket, getting chips, nicks, dents, dings. And if the knife has any sort of quality steel to it, the dishwasher can remove the edge in two, three washings.
In the profile, Weiss also attempted to clear up the often repeated myth that a sharp knife is more dangerous than a dull one.
When he’s not sharpening blades, Weiss said that he is an avid reader of knife history, from tactical knives to survival knives to hunting knives.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.749586
Retrieved Text: While studying to be a book conservator we mostly work with organic materials. But sometimes we work with metal-mainly if we are making tools. Our first project of the year at West Dean was to make a paring knife. These knives are designed to remove most of the thickness of a piece of leather along the edge. This is useful for making the edge of a piece of leather 'disappear' on the boards of a book when binding it.
In order to make these knives we started with hardened high carbon steel hacksaw blades. We made English paring knives with a flat blade at a 45 degree angle to the rest of the knife. This is opposed to a French paring knife which has a rounded blade. David showed us how to use the sand blaster to remove the paint from the blades. Then he took us to the forge and showed us how to use the angle grinder to cut the blades down to size. After this we used an electric grinding stone to remove the teeth from the blades. We then used an angled belt sander to put a bevel on one edge of the knife. Our next step was to flatten the back of the knives and the bevel, although this is normally done before putting the bevel on. It's important to get this absolutely flat so that the blade will be perfectly straight, which lets it be sharpened evenly. We started on 800 grit Japanese whetstones, then moving up to either the 6000

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.700523
Retrieved Text: Here’s a situation: You went into an unfamiliar part of the woods and realized you have lost your way. The sun is going down and it’s starting to get cold. You reach into your pocket for anything that could help you start a fire but… nada. No lighter. No matches. What can you possibly do?
You may have not been a boy scout but it’s never too late to learn how to start a fire, which is one of the most crucial elements to wilderness survival and in emergency situations. This ability is also useful when starting a campfire during outdoor activities. Here are the top fire-making methods to get you started.
Friction-based fire-making is one of the most popular methods, yet it is perhaps the most difficult to pull off. Learning how to start a fire without a lighter is a must-learn technique lest you get stranded in the woods without any survival pack.
Before anything else, it is important to have all your materials ready before you start making a fire—hunting for materials once you have made a spark will just sabotage your efforts. Also, you need to have a pocket knife for most of these methods.
The first thing to do is to collect the right kind of dry wood. Cottonwood, aspen, willow, juniper, cypress, pine, and cedar are best for this purpose, but if there is none available, any dry wood you can find will do.
Gather sticks about 12-15 inches long. Get the smoothest you can find so you don’t injure your hands. These sticks will

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: He then takes the knife and sharpens it against the wood piece. He then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him. the frog... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: eventually gets to get up and marches out of the room waving its body about.

Ending 2: then starts to get up from the chair and begins walking towards the camera.

Ending 3: then escapes and jumps away.

Ending 4: is acting crazy and attacking him while he is cooking.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.09248
Retrieved Text: The four men step along the hall and down the stairs. The stranger bends down and plays with the dog’s ears.
Stepping out of his room, the stranger is met by a young woman. She has just stepped out of the room opposite his. The stranger smiles and nods his head.
The young woman hesitates for a moment before speaking. The stranger smiles to himself. He has seen this act before.
Early the next morning the stranger takes a walk over to the barns to see his horses. The General follows behind him. The stranger steps into a barn. A small boy stands in the corner. There is a sickly quality about the boy that makes the stranger grimace. He turns away to feed his horses some hay, then looking around for a brush and finding one begins to brush down one of the animals.
The stranger turns around. He hadn’t heard the blacksmith step up behind him.
The blacksmith steps over and takes the brush out of the stranger’s hand. He begins to brush the horse down.
Blacksmith looking suspiciously at the stranger. The stranger shows him the sketch.
Blacksmith with hardly a glance at the paper, thinks for a moment then shakes his head.
The stranger leaves the barn with the General.
We find the stranger in a barber shop getting a hair cut and shave. The barber is a jaunty looking fellow with thick bushy sideburns and a lambchop moustache. The stranger takes a seat in a chair. He asks for a shave. The barber puts a large kettle on the stove

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.8705
Retrieved Text: Surely you’d never punch a wall. But let’s say a hole appears—from a doorknob, okay? You’ll want to fix that before your wife or girlfriend notices.
This repair takes less than an hour, claims Jonathan Scott, a cohost of HGTV’s Property Brothers and coauthor of Dream Home, a home-improvement book due out this April.
Rough edges need to be cleaned up. Use a utility knife to cut around the busted spot until you have a square just a little larger than the original hole.
Buy drywall joint compound (32 oz), a putty knife, sandpaper, mesh tape, a 1"x2" piece of plywood that’s just longer than the hole is tall, and four drywall screws.
Cut a square of dry wall to fit the gap. Secure it to the wood with two screws. Tape and spackle the seams. Wait 20 minutes; then sand smooth. Paint to match.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.906887
Retrieved Text: I read this book in the early 90s. This kid is on a camping trip, gets lost during a storm and finds something tangled in the roots. He works it out and discovers it's an ancient knife. He takes it home, but he soon notices strange things happening. He realizes it's an old Indian knife. He researches the tribe and discovers they believed in a hellish afterlife, which is they were usually buried with their weapons. They would need to defend themselves in the afterlife. He realizes he stole an Indian artifact, and the strange things are from the ghost. I remember he has a dream where he is in the tribe's afterlife, but he's ok because he has the knife. He realizes how bad it would be without any protection. He decides to return it. He makes his way through the woods and finds the spot where he found it. On a clear sunny day he can plainly see that he pried it out of the dead skeleton's hand, and he's surprised he thought it was roots. He puts the knife back in the skeleton's hand and closes it, and then he buries the rest of the skeleton and covers it with rocks. The Strange hauntings he had experienced end up stopping after returning the knife.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.455746
Retrieved Text: Care and proper use of a high-quality knife is always essential to maintain the best cutting edge and to insure the highest possible degree of safety when using. After all, a dull knife is a dangerous knife. The more pressure required to cut with a knife the greater chance of an accident occurring while it is being used.
Ideally, the knife should be sharpened daily (for professional cooks) or about every six months (for hobby cooks), and by the same person each time or with the help of a ‘sharping guide‘. Each person has an individual angle at which he or she sharpens the knife. The blade of the knife becomes sharper each time it is sharpened in the same manner, by the same person or with the help of an optional attachable ‘sharping guide‘. This ‘sharping guide‘ helps you hold knife’s edge at 15-20 degree angle when sharpening – the ideal angle.
There are various types of waterstones & ceramic stones available and normally a medium grit stone is sufficient to start with. However, if the blade is blunt or damaged, it may be necessary to start with rough grit. There are several differences between waterstones and ceramic stones. A waterstone must be placed in water and allowed to soak for 10-15 minutes to allow it to absorb sufficient moisture. A ceramic stone also requires water, but only needs to soak in water for 3-5 minutes. A ceramic stone is harder than a waterstone, so it will sharpen your knives more quickly. A ceramic stone will last

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.048447
Retrieved Text: At the International Society of Bromoilists 2004 Hopperfest in Amsterdam René Smets gave a demonstration of his soft ink technique for Bromoil. I took some pictures and movies with my Pentax digital camera. I don’t have any way to edit the movies, so I’ll just present them as is. They are .avi files and will not stream--they have to be downloaded. Also, they are relatively large--2 to 10 megabytes--so you may need a high speed connection.
For Windows computers right-click and choose Save As.
For the benefit of those who could not attend, I will share a few brief notes on René’s procedure, and I hope he will correct me if I have misunderstood some aspect of it.
1. René uses very soft ink, not quite liquid, but almost. He mixed a little red with black, using the ink knife hanging on the right of the picture below. He keeps the ink covered when he is not inking, so it won’t dry out.
Click various portions of the image for a more detailed view.
2.. The print is soaked in water at room temperature for about 5 minutes. Then hot water is added slowly until the temperature is about 40ºC (104 ºF). The print is soaked at this higher temperature for about one minute.
4. René has two pieces of L-shaped plastic that he uses as masks--so he doesn’t get ink on the margins of the print. These are taped to the worksurface, over the print.
5. Using what appeared to be a standard soft fitch bromoil brush, he dabs a modicum of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 33.928383
Retrieved Text: Paul uses a fiber optic light system [Industrial Fiber Optic Cables] to make the vessel thickness uniform by reaching the same intensity of light through the walls of the vessel. If a portion of the wall is too thick it doesn’t allow as much light to penetrate, and if it is too thin then it allows more of the light to penetrate the walls. Paul noted that he works with lighter colored wood as he has not had good success with darker woods such as walnut and the fiber optic process.
Paul began his demonstration with a slide program that showcased some his work. He noted that you must be observant of your surroundings to be able to come up with designs that are pleasing to you. He had slides of such things as nature as well as architecture and described how he used them in developing his pieces. He then began a project of turning a hollow vessel from a piece of mesquite wood. Paul stated “the right form is very subjective, you make the piece of work to be pleasing to you as you have no idea what the person in the gallery likes”. As he turned the cylinder he stopped periodically to check for imperfections in the wood.
Paul noted that when placing wood in the chuck to crank it down as wood does compress and that you need to check this periodically during the turning so your piece doesn’t come loose.
When Paul had his vessel shaped he covered the entire outside with medium thick

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.917637
Retrieved Text: The San Francisco Chronicle recently ran an interesting profile on life-long knife sharpener and knife expert Eric. E. Weiss. Weiss, 55, has been sharpening knives since he was five-years-old. He currently earns a living by sharpening approximately 35-40 knives per day, at $8-10 per knife.
Weiss mans a booth at the Berkely Farmer’s Market three days a week and still sharpens knives by hand. He told The Chronicle that he uses four natural stones while sharpening: soft Arkansas, medium Arkanas, red Indian and ceramic, in addition to six grades of industrial diamondstones as sharpening material.
Like many knife experts, Weiss is critical of using dishwashers to clean knives, which he calls his “No. 1 nemsis”.
People seem to think that any knife can be put in a dishwasher. But in fact it’s like sandblasting your car in order to clean it. The knife is banging against the basket, getting chips, nicks, dents, dings. And if the knife has any sort of quality steel to it, the dishwasher can remove the edge in two, three washings.
In the profile, Weiss also attempted to clear up the often repeated myth that a sharp knife is more dangerous than a dull one.
When he’s not sharpening blades, Weiss said that he is an avid reader of knife history, from tactical knives to survival knives to hunting knives.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.828842
Retrieved Text: While we were preparing the allotment for the new growing season, I pulled out an old tool. It reminded me of Grilled Red Grapefruit.
It was the feel of the wood resting in my hand did it to me. It’s not even that the shape was right, not even close to the size of the little wooden handled grapefruit knife that my Grandmother had. The wood though, smooth yet worn brought me right back.
It had a curved, double-edged, serrated blade. It wasn’t particularly sharp, in fact I suspect it might have been slightly blunted from many years of use. We’d use it to saw out the segments of the grapefruit before it went under the grill. It was an arduous task for busy children who didn’t like to wait for their treats but now I appreciate the reassuring ritual. Sometimes for dinner parties she would serve up a half of Grilled Red Grapefuit as a light starter, sitting in little glass bowls on saucers. We would slurp up each piece of sweetened fruit with delight. The juice would run down our chins and we’d mop it off with a big grin.
So when I saw red grapefruit in the grocer’s the other day I couldn’t resist. I sliced the fruit in half at first, then used my (paltry in comparison) paring knife to divide the grapefruit into pieces, sprinkled the top with a little sugar and popped the halves under the grill.
I confess I deviated from tradition a little with a crack of black pepper over the top

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.571938
Retrieved Text: I think I am done…? Maybe I should have stopped weeks ago? Hard to say. I know for sure there is no way back. Painting has for me become a learning process about having courage to fail. One good think about my art is that if you decide to cut it up and burn the pieces in a fireplace, you will stay warm for a little while.
If you stand close to the painting it becomes almost abstract. Two by two meters is relatively large, so it is almost possible to join the guys on the rocks. The painting is based on a polaroid photo Lucas took of his friends, the Viken Boys.
I went to Art Copenhagen Saturday. 75 galleries from Denmark and Sweden, Finland Norway, Greenland, Iceland, and the Faroe Islands were showing too much art. After a few hours of looking at a lot of art of various quality, you feel like your head is going to explode. How do you pick out anything special in such a great selection? After a while some artists and some works remain in your mind. I always enjoy Michael Kvium, saw some nice works by Astrid Sylwan, saw a piece for sale by Olafur Eliason, priced at EUR 150.000 – probably a good investment for the brave?
Today I have been back in the studio, pushing my painting a step further. I sanded the rocks at the bottom of the picture some more to make the wood grain come out more. Painted the sides black (cannot be seen in

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.49209
Retrieved Text: The Portland Spoon Company was born out of an excess of wood and a little hobby. Russell Clark, a carver, works by day as an arborist in the Portland Metro area. From tending to the dead and downed trees, he saw so much wood go through the chipper that when he picked up spoon carving he found himself with a glut of material.
He taught himself from books, videos and fellow carvers, online or in person. “The first few were terrible,” he laughed, but he now sells the beautiful spoons, ladles and spatulas online and in a handful of shops around Portland, like the Hoyt Arboretum gift shop.
With all the tips and tricks in his arsenal, and so much passion for the craft, he’s partnered with Wildcraft Studio School to teach spoon carving in its Portland studio space. Four or five times a year, on Sundays, he helps folks form their first spoons.
They start with the basics— how to hold a knife and the importance of good tools, how to make safe cuts and not end up with stitches. They practice by making a simple butter knife, then move on to spoons. A first-time carver will finish a spoon in three to four hours—it takes Clark thirty to forty-five minutes these days. “Take it slow,” he advises. “Pay attention. Don’t get stitches.” Clark’s not worried about competition— in fact, he’d love to see more professional carvers. As for him, he’ll keep carving.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.297894
Retrieved Text: Organize the rainbow, see the rainbow! As you can imagine, my home office is full of random knick-knacks that fit my love of color and goofy novelty products. Somehow, a rainbow paper organizer was missing! Don’t worry though, I made one and I’ll show you guys how to make this simple wood paper organizer too! This entire paper organizer is made out of balsa wood, so it’s lightweight while still feeling durable, and each piece works together to form a little rainbow for your desk. Plus, you don’t need any special tools to make it!
Psst, that scalloped pencil cup is a DIY too!
All you need to make this rainbow paper organizer is balsa wood and a craft knife! Admittedly, it takes a little elbow grease to cut through each piece, but it’s all about repetition. It’s the perfect way to add organization to your desk and help you file away all those receipts and mail that you’ve been trying to avoid (anyone else??).
Step 1: Draw a large rainbow shape on the piece of balsa wood, about 8 inches wide (I went for a tall rainbow). If desired, draw out the shape on paper first to use as a template.
Step 2: Tracing the pencil outline, carefully cut the shape with a craft knife over a cutting mat. Go over the same lines over and over to cut through the balsa wood.
Step 3: Once you’ve cut the first piece, cut a second piece that is about 1 inch smaller on all curved sides. Again, you can use a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.73971
Retrieved Text: The workshop wheels are turning. Since repainting the castle & walls, we decided it was time to replace the 20+ year old card houses with something a little more fitting.
Choosing pink foam and balsa wood as our materials, my husband designed a set of four buildings that would fit up against the inside of a castle courtyard set-up. The roofs are removable.
He began with simple walls.
Then applied a layer of white glue, and the balsa for timbers.
(on the left is a trial piece, we kept the spacing between timbers much smaller in the final pieces).
The bottom piece of foam was carved, then layered in spackling.
Timbers on the inside walls were carved to match the outside, then a layer of glue to give the foam tooth, followed by a couple coats of black paint.
I took over with paintbrush, and laid down a base coat of dark browns: one for the plaster walls, another for the “timber”.
A few dry-brushes and washes later, and the walls looked liked well-worn wattle and daub.
However, a slight miscalculation has resulted in the bases being too small, so we made other houses to fit the finished bases.
The rooftops are a very simple construction of carved balsa wood.
Some glue on each edge-to-side and a little tape to allow the house to dry in shape.
Then we glued posts over the corners, and secured the walls to the bases.
Completely painted, the half-timber houses were ready for use in the capital city of Mosveld.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.67399
Retrieved Text: Strata (website, instagram) a cutlery retail business and knife sharpening service is holding the soft opening for their new retail shop at The Black Box container building on Washington Ave.
Owner Evan Atwell sells specialty Japanese, French and New England made cutlery, as well as sharpens knives using a traditional Japanese whetstone process. Atwell moved to Portland from California where he worked for the Bi-Rite Market group.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.34286
Retrieved Text: A 20-YEAR-OLD who tried to slash a love rival’s throat in a Golders Green eatery has been jailed for seven years.
Jacob Butchoff, of Brent Street, Hendon, was arrested in September last year after carrying out a horrific knife attack on an 18-year-old.
Butchoff had known his victim for around four years when the assault happened, but the two had fallen out in 2007 after the other youth had started dating his former girlfriend.
Matters came to a head when the angry teenager demanded a meeting between the pair at a Chinese restaurant on Golders Green Road on September 28, 2010.
The victim agreed to attend after Butchoff made threats of violence against his family, but brought his father along for protection.
At the meeting both youths sat at the rear of the restaurant and the father sat at another table.
The meeting appeared to be going well until Butchoff stood up claiming he was going to the toilet, but instead grabbed his victim around the neck, drew a knife and attempted to slit his throat.
The attacked teen reacted by pushing himself backwards and deflected the knife which cut his ear, leaving a wound that later required 15 stitches.
In the struggle both youths fell to the floor and the victim’s father rushed over just in time to see Butchoff plunging the knife into his son’s body.
He managed to stop the terrifying assault by striking his son’s attacker and forcing him to drop his weapon.
Butchoff then tried to flee the scene but was detained after being caught by a passing community police officer.
The

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.306065
Retrieved Text: You can get by just fine being dull. You can actually do very well for yourself.
My husband was an accountant in suburban Oklahoma at an office above an Applebee’s. He made six figures and drank from a coffee mug with Mount Rushmore engraved on it. He did this every day for 20-some years. Then on a snowy Tuesday, standing at the microwave in his windswept khakis, watching his leftover casserole go round-and-round, he lost his edge. Out the window, kids skated on a makeshift ice rink in the strip mall parking lot. The casserole boiled over then exploded as he walked out of the building, leaving the dead hum of fluorescents behind.
I was in the kitchen chopping onions for goulash when he walked in and took the knife out of my hand. He threw it in a 50-gallon black trash bag where it clanked against the other serrated knives already at the bottom. He moved down the granite counter, throwing in a butcher knife and paring knife. “Anything sharp has to go,” he said tossing in a peeler. I sat down at the table with tears in my eyes. “Damn onions!” he shouted back, disappearing into the garage with the bag slung over his shoulder.
He emptied the fishing hooks from his tackle box. He tossed in drill bits, needle nose pliers and a putty knife from his workbench. He dismantled the lawn mower and bagged the blades. Then up the stairs to my office. He riffled through my desk, took out a pair of scissors and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.23936
Retrieved Text: This is the section for knives that will tackle any chore be it a cutting contest or a contest with the great outdoors. Big knives are fun!
This big, full tang Chopper/Camp Knife has a 10 1/8" cutting edge and is forged from 5160 high carbon spring steel. The blade has a thumb rise on the spine for better control, a differential heat treat (hard edge and soft spine) and a satin finish. The handle scales are red dyed/stabilized Pine Cone with a beveled face and flared pommel/base. The handle scales are secured with stainless steel handle bolts and a matching lanyard liner. The overall length of this knife is just a bit over 15" and comes with a leather blade sheath with belt loop and retention strap.
This "camp cutter" is a full tang knife forged from Cru-Forge V high carbon steel. The blade has my forge-marked/acid-soaked flats and "antiqued" finish along with some "jimping" as a thumb rest on the spine for better control. The tang has a very slight taper and is "honeycombed" to reduce weight. The handle scales are sealed, A-grade Teak done in a "palm swell" style and are secured with stainless steel handle bolts that have been textured, along with a matching lanyard liner. This knife has a 8 5/8" cutting edge and an overall length of 13 1/2" and comes with a border tooled leather pouch sheath with a belt loop.
My Field-Bush knives are thinner/lighter than the other "Choppers" on this page but, just a tough and ready to clear a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.13288
Retrieved Text: Made of dark wood. Carved from single piece of wood engraved in gold with pattern of twined ivy on each limb. Length is 60" when strung, could fire 250yds.
Mirkwood arrows are about 30" long and stained dark brown. They have long, bodkin style arrow tips. They have green flights which theoretically come from pheasant or other game birds.
Made of stained wood with a coat of resin to give a nice sheen, embellished with heavy gold scrollwork at the throat.
A recurve made of a single piece of light colored wood, when strung the bow is 68" long and according to the Weapons & Warfare book and could shoot 400yds with a possible draw weight of 150lbs (similar to that of Mirkwood bow). In actuality the bow was made of rubber and shot digital arrows as far as the director needed.
Lorien arrows are about 40" and thinner than the Mirkwood. These have green-gold flights made of turkey feathers trimmed into a diamond shape. The shafts are dyed sage green. They have long tips in a vaguely mallorn shape, and the nocks are reinforced with bone.
He has two quivers: the Mirkwood has the swirls on top, and the Lorien has the peacock design. The Lorien quiver is again made of wood but this time with a leather cover having a peacock design inlaid with gold. The mouth is fitted with a locket of gold. Holds 2 dozen arrows. The quiver stays on with a 3-point baldric harness, of which he has a different one for each quiver. At least,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.100822
Retrieved Text: This medium sized, multi-layered, carbon steel preparation knife is the perfect ‘all-rounder’. The Santoku is the Japanese multi-purpose knife and is suitable for vegetables, boneless meats, fish and herbs.
Kobe is a centre of excellence for Japanese knife production. This range is a superb example of the knife maker’s art. Twenty layers of carbon steel surround a cutting core of white carbon steel No.2 creating a fantastic double bevelled knife. These knives have a traditional magnolia wood handle combined with a black pakka wood ferrule. Rockwell hardness 60-61. This medium sized, multi-layered, carbon steel preparation knife is the perfect ‘all-rounder’. The Santoku is the Japanese multi-purpose knife and is suitable for vegetables, boneless meats, fish and herbs. It is also great on larger vegetables, for example butternut squash and celeriac due to its deep blade. PLEASE NOTE Carbon steel is the material that all knives were originally made from. The reason that it was used is that it is easy to sharpen and achieves a very sharp edge. In recent years knives have mainly been made out of a single piece of stainless steel. This method of production is not the best way to make a knife but manufacturers favour this material as it is a simple construction and makes a shiny knife. Carbon steel knives will oxidise and discolour. This is not a fault, it is a nature of the material. Carbon steel knives can be sharpened to a razor edge. They must be dried after use and periodically they will need cleaning with lemon juice

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.072433
Retrieved Text: Army Medic Beau Brent was back! All my years of army training gave me the discipline to stare pain in the face.
I took a deep breath, took a shot of the whiskey, and then went in with the scissors. I was going to get the damn thing out, even if it killed me.
Earlier in the day, I'd gone to the hospital. I tried to explain how I managed to gouge a half-foot-long piece of shrapnel into my finger, but didn't want to wait the three hours to get someone to look at it. Brussels has great socialized health care, but it takes longer than I have the patience for. So I left, and on the way home I stopped by two pharmacies, a liquor store, and a knife shop.
I looked at my finger and back into the mirror. I poured another shot of whiskey and downed it, then I poured another.
Then I went for it. With a big, manly roar that would echo off any canyon walls, I pulled and twisted with precision and speed. And only hurt myself more.
I poured another shot of whiskey and downed it just as the door to the bathroom opened.
"You got that splinter out yet?" Julien asked, looking around at my tweezers, the box of band-aids and the half-empty bottle of Bailey's on the counter.
"Oh give me that, you big baby," he said, and with one fluid movement, he took out the two-centimeter-long piece of wood without any blood or gore.
"I almost had it," I said.
"Mmmmhmmm," he mumbled. "I heard

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.032856
Retrieved Text: Two next day the Emperor of Lilliput came to see me again. I tried to speak to him in English, but he did not understand me. I tried all the languages I knew, but he still did not understand me. He stayed about two hours, and then he went away. He left some soldiers in charge of me.
Some of the people from the city began to come near me. They, too, wanted to see the giant man. Not all of them were friendly, however. A small group of them began to shoot arrows at me. The colonel in charge of the soldiers was very angry, and he captured six of the ringleaders. He told the soldiers to tie them with ropes. Then he gave them to me to punish. I picked up all six men in my hand, and put five of them into my pocket. I lifted the sixth man very close to my face. I pretended that I wanted to eat him, and took out my penknife. The colonel and the soldiers looked unhappy when they saw me doing this - and the prisoner was terrified! I put the knife near the man’s body, and gently cut the ropes around him. Then I placed him on the ground. I did the same thing with the other five men. The soldiers and the people were very happy when they saw that I was kind to the men who had tried to hurt me with their arrows.
The Emperor asked his government ministers what to do with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.936892
Retrieved Text: Ecclesiastes 10:10 10 If the ax is dull, And one does not sharpen the edge, Then he must use more strength; But wisdom brings success.
I used an ax for few minutes the other day. I had this big tree root that needed to be removed. After just a couple of swings of the ax I knew I was in for some work. My ax was dull. I immediately remembered those days as a boy when my step father would sharpen his ax before he cut wood. I have seen him sharpen his ax to point that it would shave hair off his arm.
Time with God in His Word sharpens our ax for Him. When reading and heeding the WORD of God is a manner of life for us we become so much more effective in our walk and work for HIM.
Service rendered to bring HONOR and GLORY to God sharpens our ax for Him. Too often we yield to the temptation to serve for recognition, or fame, or power, or prosperity. None of these motives bring honor and glory to God. Godly service that sharpens our ax for HIM thrives in obscurity.
Praise to God through every path of our life sharpens our ax for Him. I don’t listen to any secular music. It does nothing for my soul. It doesn’t encourage my walk with God. It doesn’t express my love for God, but sacred music…now that’s music that sharpens the soul.
Witnessing of His love that gave HIS only begotten Son sharpens our ax for Him. Some

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.895546
Retrieved Text: Summary: There's still a tie between them, a pull that Steve can just barely feel, has felt since he shaped his bruised jaw and split lips around the words I'm with you until the end of the line and watched the Winter Soldier's eyes go round with something not exactly like recognition and more than a little bit like horror.
Warnings: Spoilers for Captain America: The First Avenger and Captain America: The Winter Soldier. And. Weirdness?
Notes: A Festivus gift for the incredible lanyon, reposted a little late since I had to be anonymous for a while. I went with her prompts for Steve/Bucky and "matryoshka." Couldn't play it straight, though, could I, nooooo, it must be a ~METAPHOR~.
There's still a tie between them, a pull that Steve can just barely feel, has felt since he shaped his bruised jaw and split lips around the words I'm with you until the end of the line and watched the Winter Soldier's eyes go round with something not exactly like recognition and more than a little bit like horror. He felt the tug of it for a split second and when he woke up in the hospital the pull was there, quietly burning behind his breastbone. That's how he knows it's Bucky, really Bucky, and not just some fever-dream hallucination cooked up by a mind and a soul bent to breaking.
The pull's not as strong as it used to be, though, and the weakness of it worries Steve, like it's a candle flame that might blow out in a puff

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.895462
Retrieved Text: I need an English native speaker with perfect grammar to check my doc for any problems and questionable places and edit them for me. Every questionable place must be discussed with me.
"Mostly the older children (“biguns”) gather a giant pile of wood on top, except for Piggy. Ralph and Jack, carrying along the heavy log, feel united with friendship, adventure and content. When it comes to starting a fire, both turn red, realizing that did not think about how to do this. Ralph offers this honor to Jack. Roger proposes to use sticks and lacing. Jack hits upon the idea of using Piggy’s glasses and takes them away. Piggy can barely see without them, so he panics, but Ralph pushes him away, takes the glasses and sets on a huge fire which improves everyone’s mood. Piggy asks for his glasses and Ralph gives them back. Ralph commands the others to gather more wood but then notes that there is almost no smoke. Maurice says that they need green branches for smoke.
Piggy says that the fire is too big but Jack interrupts him roughly, despite the shell in Piggy's hands. Ralph says that it is necessary to follow the rules (“The rule of the shell”), and that they must constantly maintain fire with smoke. Jack suggests that his hunters would be responsible for the fire and look for a ship, having seen which they would throw promptly more green branches on to the fire for it to smoke.
Piggy starts complaining that he provides a lot of ideas,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.758947
Retrieved Text: Sometimes it’s quite fun to do something totally random on the spur of the moment.
For instance, this afternoon I made myself a new paper knife.
This came about because I’d been pruning the buddleja bushes in my garden, a task I’ve been meaning to do for several weeks. Today has been a lovely sunny day and I didn’t have to go out or do anything much else, so it seemed like a very good opportunity. Following advice I found on several websites after a quick Google search, I went for fairly heavy pruning. This resulted in quite a lot of material cut off, including several fairly chunky bits.
It occurred to me that the bigger offcut pieces might work quite well for whittling, a hobby that I’ve been meaning to try for quite a while (I did a little bit when I was growing up, but nothing serious).
One piece in particular, with a beautifully curved and slightly gnarled end, struck me as having potential to make quite a nice paper knife, and it just so happened that I was in need of a new one of those for my office since someone seems to have walked off with my old one several months ago.
Since the weather was so fine and it seemed a shame to waste it by going back inside the house straight away, I decided to strike while the iron was hot and so I grabbed my penknife and set to work out in the garden.
Actually, the first step (which I did in the garage) was

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.680986
Retrieved Text: MEGALOWMART - What grass is so strong it has been used and trusted for centuries to make everything from kitchen utensils to furniture, aesthetically pleasing, not a wood, to even building homes? The answer is bamboo! Bamboo is actually a grass, that is versatile, and green. Firm and flexible: bamboo's deep-rooted foundation makes it sturdy, and its fibers and segmented structure allow it to bend and withstand a lot of stress.
Knives not included**. Natural beauty - bamboo grows tall, simply, and beautifully in almost any kind of soil condition. Hollow yet sturdy, bamboo is hardy and able to grow in almost any environment. Eco-friendly without sacrificing quality or style. Bamboo production provides jobs for families in rural communities.
MEGALOWMART 6 Slot Bamboo Wood Kitchen Knife Block Stand Holder - Why change something that is naturally beautiful and strong? Megalowmart believes in products that look good and simply work. And if those are not enough reasons to love bamboo, check out these facts below: SUSTAINABILITY - Grows like grass because it is a grass! Bamboo is the fastest growing plant on the planet - Up to 3 feet per day - Making it a great renewable resource.
Requires no fertilizers, pesticides, or herbicides to help it grow. Package includes: 1 - megalowmart 6 slot bamboo wood kitchen Knife Block Holder / Dimensions: 4. 75" x 7" x 8.
Winco USA K-12S - Wipe with soft damp cloth for cleaning. 12 inch sharpening blade. Plastic handle with hanging loop. Winco 12 inch sharpening steel K-12S. Wipe with soft damp cloth for

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.665459
Retrieved Text: This is our cimeter knife. Not everyone needs this knife but if you are breaking down large cuts of meat on the daily then you should get to know this guy.
The blade length allows long, smooth cuts with minimal effort. You can pull through your meat with one slice and save yourself from the sawing motion that is both tiring and also leaves your cuts jagged and rough. Right tool for the right job...plus this thing just looks rad in a kitchen.
Every one of our knives is handmade, numbered and unique. The design for this NORA knife, number #1150, was kept simple and classic. We handled this knife with a beautiful, darker piece of stabilized figured maple wood and we lined it with several thin stripes of black and white G10. The pins are natural micarta and they blend nicely with the wood. Clean, classic look for a knife that should serve you very well in the kitchen.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.613466
Retrieved Text: Jerry MiJilton of Jaimoe Knives grew up in Northern Wisconsin where he fished, hunted and helped at his family owned resort. He graduated in 1979 from St. Louis University. From there, he went on to work at Eastern Airlines.
Jerry made his first knife in 1982 and he still has the knife today. He made knives part-time until 1985 and then stopped to concentrate on his family. He began making knives again as he reached retirement from being the Plant Operations Manager at a large hospital in Miami.
In June of 2018 Jerry moved to Blairsville, Georgia. This is when he began making knives full time. He enjoys the mountain life and being able to focus on knife-making.
When we asked Jerry how he came up with his brand name it was too interesting not to share. He and his buddies were fans of the Allman Bros band in the 70’s. There was a drummer whose nickname was Jaimoe. Jerry used to ride in the back of his buddies car and play air drums. So, he was nicknamed Jaimoe. If you turn his logo upside down it looks like a knife.
Jerry typically uses CPM154, D2, A2 and 1084 steel in making his knives. He offers several hunter patterns, as well as a filet knife, and kitchen knives. We are proud to represent Jerry of Jaimoe Knives.
Green canvas micarta handle and an olive wood bolster. The knife has a 1/8″ CPM-154 bead blasted blade that measures 4 3/4″, and 8 3/4″ OAL.
The knife has a stainless guard, a mirror polished

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.611765
Retrieved Text: Alex Queral is a Cuban-American artist who has carved himself out a very unique place among his peers; while other sculptors may work with a more traditional medium, Alex possesses a very specific specialization: carving three dimensional portraits of pop-culture icons into phone books.
It takes a very delicate touch and sure hand to bring these celebrity portraits to life. Cutting through page after page of each book (that most of us throw away or recycle), these masterpieces infuse beauty and innovation into an object we see as teetering on obsolete, and give a whole new meaning to the term “pop-up book”.
Alex Queral’s choice of material is not so much the result of deep thought as it is chance. As he says, “I was out looking for wood to make a sculpture one day and I noticed a huge pile of phone books on the pavement. I suddenly thought they would probably make a pretty good material for carving, so I gave it a go.” Once he started, he never looked back.
Carving up to two phonebooks per month, Alex first decides who the subject will be and then sits down to do several sketches. He then uses an extremely sharp X-ACTO® knife to begin peeling away the layers of the pages, eventually revealing the face of his art.
It is a slow and meticulous process, especially when on the cusp of finishing a piece. “Nearing the end of the carving and then suddenly having it ruined by a careless cut can be pretty crushing. You have to start

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.406206
Retrieved Text: In many dictionaries you will not find the word bodging, bodgers or bodger. You might find the word bodge, meaning to botch or mend clumsily.
However, actually a bodger was a skilled craftsman that made chair legs and braces. The craft of bodging goes back about five hundred years but I am unaware of anyone making a living as a bodger these days. You can visit many traditional craft fairs and still see demonstrations of bodging.
Selecting a not too old, leggy (quickly grown) beech tree within a stand would have been the ideal choice for the bodger. Tools needed to be a bodger are limited to a saw, axe, chisels, draw-knife and a lathe (traditionally a pole lathe) for turning. He would have a lonely existence working from temporary woodland workshops near to where he had felled the tree. The tree would be sawn into billets about the right length for the chair legs. The billet would be split into many pieces using a wedge. The axe would be used to shape the pieces into the shape of a chair leg. The axe would only sharpen on one side. The bodger would then use a two handled draw knife to refine the shape of the leg. Finally, using a pole lathe (made of wood and string) the bodger would finish off his work. The finished chair legs would be left in the woods to season for a few weeks (depending on the weather) then taken to a centre for making chairs. Once at the centre the benchman

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.405575
Retrieved Text: “Yay! I’ll start packing now,” the king cheers while clapping his hands in glee.
That night, King Taehyuk lies awake in bed, excited and anxious for the morning to come. He can’t wait to see his new school and meet new friends. Hugging his favourite green peas bolster, he smiles as he closes his eyes. Sleeping will make the next morning arrive sooner.
“Is that my new school?” Kim Taehyuk speaks into the headset’s microphone attached to his safety helmet.
“As you wish, my king,” the elder advisor says with a sigh.
Stepping out of his helicopter with his backpack, Kim Taehyuk takes a look around his surroundings. It is the nearest helipad to his new school but he still has to take a car to cover the rest of the way. He has other ideas about this, however. Rejecting the limousine that Advisor Kim has prepared for him, he insists on taking the bus despite Advisor Kim’s protests and walks out of the helicopter hangar to the bus stop indicated on his GPS app on his mobile phone.
“My Kin—Kim Taehyuk. Do you even know which bus to take?” Advisor Kim asks.
Digging into his little pouch of coins, Kim Taehyuk pays the bus fare and looks for a seat. He walks to the back of the bus towards the last seat available. A girl has taken the inner seat so he takes the outer half and puts his backpack on his lap. Taking out his notebook, Kim Taehyuk takes another look at the welcome letter the school sent him. It

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: He then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him. The frog then escapes and jumps away. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: sits and hugs another man and also adjusts his camera.

Ending 2: then sits there staring at his text machine as if he has actually been given a gift from god.

Ending 3: explains how the frog secretes a poisonous fluid that can be extremely harmful.

Ending 4: takes the frog on his hand and tickles the back of it.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 57.53456
Retrieved Text: are green tree frogs poisonous green by a.
are green tree frogs poisonous amphibians tree.
are green tree frogs poisonous green.
are green tree frogs poisonous herpetologist at the university of said green tree frogs were.
are green tree frogs poisonous glass frog.
are green tree frogs poisonous images.
are green tree frogs poisonous quick view.
are green tree frogs poisonous download green back flying tree frog on white stock photo image of poisonous danger.
are green tree frogs poisonous northern cricket frog photo by.
are green tree frogs poisonous tree frog.
are green tree frogs poisonous snow stumbled upon the green tree devouring an ornate burrowing frog in.
are green tree frogs poisonous blue poison frog sitting on a bright green tropical leaf.
are green tree frogs poisonous.
are green tree frogs poisonous images of green tree frog.
are green tree frogs poisonous green poison dart frog.
are green tree frogs poisonous tree poison dart frog sitting on a leaf.
are green tree frogs poisonous adult green photo courtesy of john white.
are green tree frogs poisonous frogs in general are a pretty old bunch fossils show that frogs have been around for hundreds of millions of years red eyed tree frogs specifically.
are green tree frogs poisonous red eyed green tree frog looking.
are green tree frogs poisonous frog.
are green tree frogs poisonous frog frog sierra color and pattern are variable.
are green tree frogs poisonous about tree frogs.
are green tree frogs poisonous gift tier rote.
are green tree frogs poisonous mating red eyed tree frogs.
are green tree frogs poisonous photos of green tree frog.
are green tree frogs poisonous red eyed tree frog.
are green tree

########
Rank: 1
Score: 56.724564
Retrieved Text: Yo Momma is so fat… That she makes Godzilla look like an action figure.
A family is driving in their car on a holiday. A frog crosses the road and the husband, who is driving, is able to stop the car. He gets out an takes the frog and carries him to the side of the road. Frog is grateful, thanks the man, and tells him that he will grant him a wish. Man says: please make my dog win the next dog race. Frog asks to look at the dog which jumps out of the car. The frog notices that the dog has only got three legs and tells the man that he thinks it is almost impossible to fulfill his wish and asks that the man will tell him another wish. The man says: "Well, then please help that my wife will win the next beauty contest in the area." Frog asks him to tell his wife to get out of the car. Wife comes out of the car and approaches the frog. The frog turns to the man and says: "Could I please have another look at the dog?"
A snail and a slug got in a crash. When the police, ambulances and news reporters arrived, a reporter asked a tortoise what happened. He replied: "I don't know, it all happened so fast!"
A farmer was helping one of his cows give birth when he noticed his four-year-old son standing at the fence with wide eyes, taking in the whole event. The man thought to himself,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 50.604797
Retrieved Text: Here’s an entire duck-themed storytime without any 6, 5 or 4 little duck rhymes or songs. They are great favorites and I’ve included them in the “Additional Rhyme Section” at the end of this post, but I wanted something different for this storytime. Get ready to move, sing, laugh and waddle!
This week we learned to sing our opening song using sign language!
You can print my handout, with instructions and pictures, here.
The ducks on the bus go flap flap flap!….
The ducks on the bus go waddle waddle waddle!….
The ducks on the bus go Quack Quack Quack!….
There’s a little white duck sitting in the water.
A little white duck doing what he oughter.
I’m a little white duck sitting in the water.
There’s a little green frog swimming in the water.
A little green frog doing what he oughter.
I’m a little green frog swimming in the water.
There’s a little black bug floating on the water.
A little black bug doing what he oughter.
I’m a little black bug floating on the water.
There’s a little red snake playing in the water.
A little red snake doing what he oughter.
He frightened the duck and the frog so bad.
I’m a little red snake playing in the water.
Now there’s nobody left sitting in the water.
Nobody left doing what he oughter.
There’s nothing left but the lily pad.
‘Cause there’s nobody left sitting in the water.
Sing this 3 times, each time getting a little bit faster.
Quack quack, quack quack, quack!
This is a simplified version of the paper plate duck found on Danielle’s Place of Crafts and Ideas.
But he couldn’t catch me!
“I think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.88503
Retrieved Text: Find frog cards and frog gifts for special holidays! We have frog Christmas cards, frog Christmas jewelry and toys, Valentines Day frogs and frog princes, Easter frogs, Halloween frogs, and much more.
If you send someone this card, they are sure to remember you!
Just look at that expression on the frog's face... and he's holding a heart-shaped card in front of his own heart. The frog is sitting on a lily pad and behind him are a few cattails silhouetted against a pink sky.
Below the lily pad is the reflection of the frog that fades into white at the very bottom of the card. Above the frog's head are the words, "Froget me not."
Inside the card is blank.
Made in the USA. Printed in an environment-friendly "green" shop with soy-based inks.
This green frog-shaped mylar balloon has a big red heart on his chest with the words "I Love You." The design is printed on both sides of the balloon. It's uninflated, so you can either blow it up with air or have it filled with helium at your neighborhood party store or florist.
To inflate with air, gently insert a plastic drinking straw through the round hole in the neck of the balloon so it extends into the main body of the balloon, and blow into the straw to inflate. When fully inflated, pull out the straw and the balloons neck will automatically seal. To deflate for future re-use, gently reinsert the straw as before (to its full length) and allow the balloon to deflate.
This heart-shaped mylar balloon has

########
Rank: 4
Score: 48.65137
Retrieved Text: Billy Mink ran around the edge of the Smiling Pool and turned down by the Laughing Brook. His eyes twinkled with mischief, and he hurried as only Billy can.
As he passed Jerry Muskrat's house, Jerry saw him.
"Hi, Billy Mink! Where are you going in such a hurry this fine morning?" he called.
"To find Little Joe Otter. Have you seen anything of him?" replied Billy.
"No," said Jerry. "He's probably down to the Big River fishing. I heard him say last night that he was going."
"Thanks," said Billy Mink, and without waiting to say more he was off like a little brown flash.
Jerry watched him out of sight. "Hump!" exclaimed Jerry. "Billy Mink is in a terrible hurry this morning. Now I wonder what he is so anxious to find Little Joe Otter for. When they get their heads together, it is usually for some mischief."
Jerry climbed to the top of his house and looked over the Smiling Pool in the direction from which Billy Mink had just come. Almost at once he saw Grandfather Frog fast asleep on his big green lily-pad. The legs of a foolish green fly were sticking out of one corner of his big mouth. Jerry couldn't help laughing, for Grandfather Frog certainly did look funny.
"He's had a good breakfast this morning, and his full stomach has made him sleepy," thought Jerry. "But he's getting careless in his old age. He certainly is getting careless. The idea of going to sleep right out in plain sight like that!"
Suddenly a new thought popped into

########
Rank: 5
Score: 47.684956
Retrieved Text: Frog housewares make great frog gifts for the frog lover and frog collector. We have frog dishes, vases, placemats and salt shakers in a variety of styles.
Let Alfrogo and Frogalina adorn your table with these adorable salt and pepper shakers!
They stand very nicely on the table, arm and arm, ready for use. Alfrogo in his black bow tie and Frogalina with a pink lily bouquet and crown. They are made of porcelain with a watercolor glaze and glossy finish.
Here's a great frog plate for the kids!
If you're tired of the kids breaking the stoneware plates, but don't want to feed them on plastic, then this is the perfect plate for you! This sturdy plate has the quality look and feel of an heirloom, and is sure to be a cherished treasure.
The plate is enamel-coated metal, with a stainless-steel rim. It has a cute country style design of a green frog with checkered legs sitting on a red lilypad in a pond. It has a couple of flowers with a little bird and a dragonfly.
Dishwasher safe, oven proof, and chip-resistant.
Don't shake these fairy frogs too hard!
This adorable frog shakers set has a design of 3 shy nature frogs stacked one on top of another. The pepper shaker frogs are wearing a black top hat while the salt shaker has an open lotus flower on top.
The hand-painted porcelain frogs have small holes at the top for shaking and a hole with stopper in the bottom for refilling.
Size: 2-3/8 x 2-1/8 x 3-1/8"
Let the sticky power of frog toes

########
Rank: 6
Score: 47.273846
Retrieved Text: A tiger is hungry, he is looking for food. He sees a frog in front of him. “Ha ha! A frog! My dinner!” so he rushes at the frog.
Behind the tiger, there is a tortoise. The little tortoise sees it; he bites the tiger’s tail.“Ouch!” cries the tiger and he looks back. The frog hears the voice and jumps into water. “Thank you, little tortoise.” says the frog.But the tiger is very angry. “Bother it! I’ll throw you to the sky!”“Thank you, I like flying in the sky,” says the tortoise.
“Oh,no! I can’t swim; I will die if you throw me into the water.” The tiger threw the tortoise into the water quickly.
“Thank you, Mr. Tiger. Bye-bye.” The tortoise and the frog swim away together.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.149643
Retrieved Text: Once upon a time, there was a frog who wanted to cross a river. The frog saw a beautiful yellow rose blooming on the opposite bank of the river, and wanted so much to experience the flower up close.
The frog was certain that, as in the past, something or someone would come along and help him over to the other side of the river, and to his lovely flower. So, he waited and waited for this something or someone to come.
At first, he thought perhaps the sun would carry him across on its strong rays of sunshine. But, when he tried to hop onto the light, he simply fell straight through. So the sun would be no help, he determined.
Then, he considered whether raindrops might be able to help him. He could skip from one rain drop to another until he was safely on the other side of the riverbank. But again, the rain proved too fragile to really be of any help.
The next day was cloudy with fog, and the frog once again thought that perhaps a cloud could carry him across the river. He hopped and hopped in the fog all afternoon, but never found a cloud that could carry him.
Frustrated and tired, the frog sat down on the edge of the river and stared across at the lovely rose. He resigned himself to never being able to hold it in his hands, or smell its sweet fragrance. No one could help him.
A sudden gust of wind struck up and, catching him off his

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.944984
Retrieved Text: Here are some of Brexton’s favorite frog activities that are perfect for your littles in the preschool age!
Having an energetic and rambunctious boy, I have many moments where I wonder, “How am I going to keep him entertained all day?” Race cars and dinosaurs only last so long, and we limit screen time in our house. So I’m always looking for fun, engaging and enriching activities that Brexton enjoys and I feel good knowing he’s learning new skills or knowledge.
We try to spend a couple hours each day with Brexton doing educational activities that are appropriate for his age and skills. He’s learned about dinosaurs (of course), the human body and just recently we discovered that he LOVES frogs (such a boy!). He also loves making things and being crafty. So a quick search online led to me to all sorts of fun frog activities that we can do in his clubhouse right at home.
I’ve linked the activities below and included some items I purchased from Amazon (Prime is a mom’s best friend!). These activities are so easy to print out, set up, and prepare. I’m not sure who had more fun –Brexton or me!
I’d love to hear more about any educational and crafty activities your kiddos have loved so we can add them to our list!
This Five Green Frogs music game combines frogs, numbers and music—making it the perfect learning activity for toddlers. To make these hoppy, singing frogs, you just print them out, cut around the grey outlines and laminate (if you have one

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.93712
Retrieved Text: In a tiny forest, next to a tiny pond, lived a tiny frog.
An early frost had killed the rest of his spawn-brothers, and when the lone tadpole-with-legs wriggled out of the tiny pond the other frogs were much dismayed. The Greenlord, in a fit of classical allusion, dubbed the newborn “Schadenfreude”.
The tiny almost-frog nosed forward in the mud. If its eyes could see it’s first view would have been a thunderstorm. If it’s ears could hear it’s first sound would have been the distressed wailing of the other frogs.
However, his eyes were not quite formed yet, and his ears were filled to the brim with pondscum – so, he didn’t see the storm, he didn’t hear the wailing. Schad’s only memory of his wriggle-day was a taste. Quite by accident, his nubby mouth clomped onto a fallen blackberry. It popped in his mouth and exploded with purple-sweet, a riot of spring.
And so, despite the bleakest of omens and the most dire of beginnings — Schad hopped into the world with a vague, unformed idea that the world was wonderful.
Despite all that he learned afterwards, and much effort to convince him of the contrary – the tiny frog never abandoned this precept.
When the older frogs pushed him down, and took the juiciest mosquitos for themselves — he would swim to the quiet bank by the willows, and make up silly songs about water and hedgehogs.
When the summer grew hot, and the pond nearly dried up — he took great delight in building castles from the cracked, drying

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.73355
Retrieved Text: Making him is simple! Use green paper for your origami frog or if you want to make him exotic, use your imagination.
Access free printables to download here.
Children will not find this activity difficult and especially when they know once finished they can race them with their friends and classmates. But please give assistance to younger ones when folding as this can take a few attempts to get right.
We are almost there! I want you to imagine you have an oblong with a triangle joined to it because you are going to fold 1/3 of that oblong. Can you see in the picture how the tip of the triangle is not on the edge? (9) Crease it when you have positioned it correctly.
Now turn the whole thing over and fold your paper like an accordion. (10) See the drawing in the circle. There should be 5 fold lines.
If you have a hole punch, make 2 circles and draw a parallel line through them. You can use a green, black or red pen. Or why not use some tiny googly eyes if you have them.
Now stretch the frog a little, pull his legs out slightly, bend a little arch lengthwise along his back, and your done!
Ready to race your origami frog? Just press down on the back with your finger and let it slip off. The frog will jump forward.
If you did enjoy this activity then perhaps you will like some more paper crafts to do.
This origami frog has KKC modifications. We have given his eyes, feet and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.50581
Retrieved Text: Now it so happened that on one occasion the princess's golden ball did not fall into the little hand which she was holding up for it, but on to the ground beyond, and rolled straight into the water. The king's daughter followed it with her eyes, but it vanished, and the well was deep, so deep that the bottom could not be seen. At this she began to cry, and cried louder and louder, and could not be comforted.
And as she thus lamented someone said to her, "What ails you, king's daughter? You weep so that even a stone would show pity."
"Ah, oldwater-splasher, is it you," she said, "I am weeping for my golden ball, which has fallen into the well."
The frog answered, "I do not care for your clothes, your pearls and jewels, nor for your golden crown, but if you will love me and let me be your companion and play-fellow, and sit by you at your little table, and eat off your little golden plate, and drink out of your little cup, and sleep in your little bed - if you will promise me this I will go down below, and bring you your golden ball up again."
The king's daughter was delighted to see her pretty plaything once more, and picked it up, and ran away with it. "Wait, wait," said the frog. "Take me with you. I can't run as you can." But what did it avail him to scream his croak, croak, after her, as loudly as he could. She did

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.489975
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the fertile imagination of Frogman, Tim Cotterill, and his amazing collection of limited edition handcrafted, bronze sculptures. The frogs reach out, make us smile and remind us to find happiness and joy in life.
The frogs are incredibly heavy, cast in solid bronze. A six step process then creates the final jewel-like patina. They are all individually finished, all signed underneath and all have a world-wide limited edition number which is recorded underneath. All frogs come with their own certificate, are signed and numbered.
Below are some of the items in the Frogman collection that we currently have in stock.
Description: Juliet is a newly created companion piece for Romeo. Juliet is wonderfully finished in a rich red-orange (with an area of flame-yellow) patina.
Size: (H) 2.25" x (W) 4" x (D) 4.5"
Description: This frog leans against a branch on which a caterpilar is climbing up! Her green patina has a wonderful shine. At the back of the branch two ladybirds are hiding.
Size: (H) 18" x (W) 8.5" x (D) 6"
Description: She is all ready to attack and is watching you! Her red patina has a wonderful shine.
Size: (H) 3" x (W) 18" x (D) 6"
Description: He's in lovely brown shades and has quite an attitude. You've got his attention.
Size: (H) 6.25" x (W) 5" x (D) 3"
Description: Dimples gets his name from the texture on his back. A very colourful frog in vibrant yellow and deep burnt red in the dimpled areas. He looks up at you with a wonderfully focused expression.
Size: (H) 3" x (W) 6.25"

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.31904
Retrieved Text: Story-Teller: The Mouse has no father, no mother, no house and no friends. She is very unhappy. One day she went for a walk and came to a beautiful little house in the forest.
The Mouse: What a nice Teremok! I must live here.
The Green Frog: Good morning, Mouse.
The mouse: Good morning. Who are you?
The Green Frog: I am a Green Frog! I can jump and sing.
The Mouse: I’m a little mouse. Let’s live together!
Story Teller: So the mouse and the Green Frog live together. They like to eat much and then to sing a song.
The Hare: Good afternoon. I am a White Hare! I am very unhappy. I have no friends. But I can jump and work.
The mouse, The Green Frog: Let’s live together!
Story Teller: So the mouse and the Green Frog, and The Hare live together. They eat much, work much and then they sing a song.
The Gray Wolf: Good afternoon. Don't be afraid of me!
The mouse: Good afternoon. Who are you?
The Gray Wolf: I am a Grey Wolf! And I am kind and clever. Please, let me live with you.
The mouse: I’m a little mouse, she is the Green Frog, and he is a hare. Let’s live together!
Story Teller: So the mouse and the Green Frog, the Hare and the Gray Wolf: live together. They work much, eat much, and then they sing a song.
The mouse: Who are you?
The Bare: I am a Brown Bare. I am strong and big please, let me live with you.
The mouse: You are good and we like you,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 45.305008
Retrieved Text: Plot Summary: A little frog is having a birthday party and he wants to invite his friends, Red Fox, Purple Butterfly, Orange Cat, Green Snake, Yellow Bird, Blue Fish, and White Dog with Black Spots. However, when the guests arrive, for Mama Frog, Red Fox looks green, Purple Butterfly looks yellow, and so on. What is going on? Little Frog helps Mama Frog to see the guests differently.
Why do we perceive colors the way we do?
Why is red red? Green? Yellow? Black? White?
Who do you think is seeing the party guests correctly, Mama Frog or Little Frog? Why?
How can we be sure that the colors that we are seeing are the correct ones?
What would it be like to change colors? Would you feel different each time you turned a new color?
Are there things that have no color? If yes, give an example.
Are there things that have many colors? If yes, give an example.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 45.081844
Retrieved Text: Frog is lying in bed one night and hears some very strange noises that frighten him. He jumps out of bed and runs to Duck’s house. Duck tries to reassure him and invites Frog to stay the night. All is not well though, as they hear a scratching noise on the roof and a creaking on the stairs. Now both friends are frightened and rush off into the woods to Pig’s house where they are end up staying the night, but all three are kept awake by the mysterious noises coming from the forest. It is the wise Hare who sets them straight, explaining that everyone gets frightened sometimes.
Other titles translated into English are: Frog and Duck, Frog and Hare, Frog and Pig,Frog and the Birdsong, Frog and the Stranger, Frog Finds a Friend, Frog in Love, Frog in Winter, Frog is a Hero, Frog is Frog, Frog is Sad, Frog and the Treasure and Frog and a Very Special Day.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.84396
Retrieved Text: I used to keep pet frogs. Lazarus was a green tree frog, who lived in a tropical environment in a little tank. He escaped from the tank one summer, a very dry season, I thought he was DEAD. Then three months later I found him moist and happy on top of and outside the tank. Alive and kicking!
Sometimes grand things come in small packages.
This was my pet frog Jabba the Hutt. I kept him for about ten years. He was a fine fellow. He sometimes barked, puffing up his throaty area, and sounded just like a giant dog. He ate a rich diet of live crickets. He enjoyed a tropical, humid climate and fast-growing live plants. He was often hard to find among the plants in his tank because he changed colors from dark brown to light green.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 44.593597
Retrieved Text: A frog is in the foot of a 100m well. Each time the frog jumps, it moves up by 2m and then down by 1m. How many jumps are required for the frog to get out of the well?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 44.473305
Retrieved Text: Outdoor and garden frog figurines make great frog gifts for the frog lover and frog collector. We have frog thermometers, frog rain gauges, frog key keepers, and other fun frog yard decor.
Watch for frogs! or bicycles! or frogs on bicycles!
This lovely whimsical garden sign is cast from durable aluminum, and finished in a handsome bronze and verdigris color. It shows a frog riding a bike, and the words "FROG CROSSING", in a raised design.
Put it by your driveway or walk, or along a garden path. You know it will always get a smile!
What could be more precious than a frog fishing in the rain?
Looks like he caught a fish too!
The frog is cast from aluminum metal and has a verdigris finish to give it a nice bronzed weathered look. The frog is sitting and holding a fishing pole with a fish dangling at the end of the line.
The fishing bucket to the side of the frog holds the glass tube for catching rain. The rain gauge can be read in either inches or centimeters.
Do you have whimsical or just downright silly streak in you?
Add these goofy frog stakes to your potted plants or as a decorative accent in your garden and you won't be able to help but smile every time you look at them!
You get a pair of pale green frogs with spots and WIDE open mouths. One of the frogs has a small butterfly on its tongue. The frog stakes are made of a durable resin.
You'll enjoy checking the temperature everyday with this thermometer!
Made

########
Rank: 19
Score: 44.42989
Retrieved Text: The English word "Whiskey" comes from the Gaelic "uisce beatha" (pronounced ish-kuh ba-ha) which means "water of life."
One St. Patrick's Day an old peat farmer rode into his local village on his prize donkey to celebrate the day.
He tied his mule and went into his favorite pub where he spent several hours with several pints and songs and not a few stories. On leaving the pub he was shocked to find that someone had painted his prize mule green. He touched her just to be sure and there was no doubt.
Said the lost balloonist to Casey in the field, "Ahoy below, where am I?"
Casey shouted up to him, "You can't fool me, yer up there in that little basket!"
Murphy went fishing one day. He looked over the side of his boat and saw a snake with a frog in its mouth.
Feeling sorry for the frog, he reached down, gently took the frog from the snake, and set the frog free. But then he felt sorry for the snake. He looked around the boat, but he had no food. All he had was a bottle of Jameson. So he opened the bottle and gave the snake a few shots. The snake went off happy, the frog was happy, and the man was happy to have performed such good deeds.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 44.197754
Retrieved Text: Frog hats, scarves, and ties make great frog gifts! We have fleece scarves and dress scarves, a variety of frog ties, knitted hats and embroidered caps, frog gloves, and frog sun visors. This is also the category where you'll find frog bandannas and other headgear as it becomes available.
Made from silky-feel polyester, for the look and feel of silk but with extra durability and stain resistance. The fabric has a subtle woven texture in the base fabric, plus the printed frog pattern, which gives a nice rich finish.
This handsome frog necktie has a black background.
Size: Tie is about 4" wide at widest point.
Congratulations on your new little tadpole!
This adorable crocheted green hat is handmade from a soft acrylic yarn, with crocheted frog eyes on top. Cute as can be! This would make a great frog baby gift for a new mother. The eyes are soft yarn so are baby-safe.
Size: Hat is about 7" across (14" head size) and stretches to about 8-1/2" across (17" head size). Fits most babies from newborn to 9 months old.
This translucent white scarf has rows and rows of bright green frogs. The rows alternate between right side up frogs and upside down frogs. The smiling frogs are in a sitting position and every other one has its eyes closed making it look very happy.
The bow ties add just a touch of red and the sneakers are just an extra bit of fun! Made from polyester with a great bouncy feel to it. Wear it like a bandanna around your neck or

########
Rank: 21
Score: 44.194313
Retrieved Text: Aztec the cat spies an intruder in his backyard. This green thing is just sitting there menacingly, daring him to come closer. Then when he finally does... ribbit!
Did that lawn ornament just make a noise? Is it real? It's croaking right at him, taunting him even more! And that frog doesn't even move or flinch when Aztec gives him the paw-thwap. The nerve!
Has this kitty been de-clawed? For one, it's cruel, and for another, at least kitty should not be outside!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.938316
Retrieved Text: She had a face like a frog: wide mouth, prominent eyes – and when she touched him, her fingers felt clammy on his skin. He’d noticed it before, alternately intrigued and repelled until today when, in a moment fueled entirely by curiosity, he took her swimming. He monitored her expression as she saw the water; when her eyes bulged he wondered, do frogs have fun? Before he could turn to ask, she leaped in and swam like a fish – although without a fish’s grace or purpose – and he laughed to see her meaty thighs gaping wide as if to engulf the water... the world... him. And all the while, as she thrashed and splashed and even when she sank beneath the surface, her face remained an unearthly blank. Then she was gone, leaving only his baffled frown and the memory of green.
Martha Williams spawns her stories here.
Ooh, thank you, Tina! And to everyone for reading.
I like the details, such as, "...when she touched him, her fingers felt clammy on his skin." And "...her meaty thighs gaping wide..." It was easy to picture this she frog.
I enjoyed at least two things in the general about these six, Martha, and they are the quirkiness of the story, and your sense of humour: 'She had a face like a frog' - just wonderful.
Your wordcrafting had me wondering, puzzling, seeing, hearing, feeling, and worrying, for both the frog and the fellow.
Thank you Madam Z and Payton. Glad you liked my little frog and her confused man.
This is so

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.47564
Retrieved Text: Poison dart frogs lay their eggs in lukewarm pools of water at the brim of leaves, where the eggs are in a secure place, high in the canopy.
Darts coated with the potent toxin of Phyllobates terribilis were swiftly blown at birds and other animals through a blowshaft.
The poison of dart frogs is a subject of scientific research.
Poison dart frogs have a reputation for being difficult to care for in captivity, and in the past this was more true.
Poison dart frogs are still sensitive animals that will not tolerate a large amount of mistakes, but finding healthy frogs and purchasing the required supplies to keep them is now easier than it has been in the past.
If groups of frogs are housed together in one terrarium it’s important that there is plenty of extra room, visual barriers, and hiding spots, and that the keeper keeps a very close eye on all animals in the terrarium to assure that all have access to food.
Poison dart frogs live in the rainforests of Central and South America and on a few Hawaiian islands.
Poison dart frogs feed mostly on spiders and small insects such as ants and termites, which they find on the forest floor using their excellent vision.
Poison dart frogs, also called poison arrow frogs, are so named because some Amerindian tribes have used their secretions to poison their darts.
The Blue poison frog is one of the most striking of the poison arrow frogs.
Frogs with a less deadly toxin are skewered over a fire which excretes large quantities of concentrated poison.
Poison

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.410904
Retrieved Text: Hi everyone I'm sorry there has been such a gap between posts, it's not that I haven't been making cards I have but adding them to my blog has just been too much.
However i'm making amends now so there are Four below to have a look at.
The first is a birthday card for one of my parchment card friends and also SCS challenge, the next is a birthday card for one of my daughters and was inspired from a card in Craft Stamper (have I mentioned its my fav mag!!) the second is a SCS challeng a type of Baggello piecing also a lot like Siminel patchwork (have no idea how to spell either of those two but you get the drift) The third or first depending on how you are looking at them was great fun and a wonderful way to use your boarder punches.
All cards are in my SCS gallery with more details.
Hi everyone this card uses one of my favourit techniques, I just love heat embossing and nearly all my greatings are stamped and then restamped with versamark and embossing powder.
The SCS Challenges were TLS302, WT308, F4A50.
Card; SU Whisper White, Tempting Torquoise and Early Expresso.
Stamps; SU A Happy Heart,Love Matters, I (Heart) Hearts as well as a few unidentified stamps from my stash.
You can view a more detailed shot of the card on my SCS gallery link below.
Hi all this is a birthday card for a speacial little girl as well as the entry to a couple of Split Coast Stamper challenges TLC306

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.25522
Retrieved Text: Hadrat Sayyiduna Suraij bin Yunus Al Baghdadi’s – may Allah be pleased with him – title was “Abul Haarith” and he originated from Merv. Since he settled in Baghdad, hence the reason of the term “Al Baghdadi” at the end of his name.
Among his teachers were Imam Sufyan bin Ayniyah, Imam Haythim, Imam Waleed bin Muslim, – may Allah be pleased with them – etc.
Among his students were Imam Abu Zar’a, Imam Abu Hatim, Imam Muslim bin Hujjaj – may Allah be pleased with them – etc.
However, his answer was that he was only asking Allah Almighty for His Divine Mercy.
Haamid bin Shu’aib mentions that one day while the great Imam was sitting on his roof he heard the cry of a frog. In fact the frog was about to be attacked by a snake. He then screamed at the snake to leave the frog alone and the snake immediately obeyed his command and spared the frog.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.18369
Retrieved Text: These frogs are found in warm humid rainforest areas surrounded by dry savannah and always near small streams among moss covered rocks.
Blue poison arrow frogs are found only in the Sipaliwini savannah in the South American country of Suriname.
Although many frogs are green or have muted colors and patterns that help them hide from potential predators, some frogs like the blue poison arrow frog use bright colors as a means of defense. The brilliant blue color of these frogs serves as a warning to potential predators not to eat it. Often the more vibrant and colorful a frog is, the more poisonous it may be.
The most amazing adaptation these frogs have is their ability to produce toxins. The toxins in the skin of these frogs are found in high concentrations in the prey they eat, especially ants. After eating the ants, these toxic compounds are secreted by glands in the frog’s skin providing them with a powerful means of defense. The toxin is capable of paralyzing or even killing potential predators. The blue poison arrow frog contains an average of 200 micrograms of poison which would cause harm and could possibly prove fatal even to a human.
The blue poison arrow frog is 1.2 to 1.8 inches (3-4.5 cm) long; females are larger than males.
These frogs weigh about one-tenth of an ounce (3 grams).
These frogs have azure blue on their legs, sky blue on the back and darker blue on the belly with an irregular pattern of dark blue and black spots covering their back and head.
In

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.611557
Retrieved Text: "What are you doing here?" Lionel couldn't believe his eyes. This morning, when he opened the curtains, he he'd heard a funny sound, so he had gone outside and what had he found? A lovely green frog, sitting in the grass.
The terracee is ever so small; Daddy built it, up there on the sixth floor. It has a rose tree, two potted geraniums, a lemon tree and a tiny pool in the middle of a teenny lawn.
But who could have imagined that a frog... It's the very first time it's happened to Lionel !
How had he managed to get up there? On the way to school, Lionel wonders about the frog. should he tell his friends? He can't decide.
Earlier, when he had tried to get close to the frog... Lionel had noticed that it was very shy; it leapt away and started to shake so much that Lionel could see its throat puffing in and out.
Lionel likes his teacher, Mr. Bumblebee, and he usually pays attention to his lessons, but today he just can't concentrate. The only thing he can think about is his new friend. What is he doing now? Is he hungry?
Lionel puts his hand up. "Please, Mr Bumblebee..."
Mr. Bumblebee has just finished explaining how to do sums and, thinking that his pupil has finished the exercice and has the answer, he gives him a big smile.
"Mr Bumblebee, what do frogs eat?"
"Just try goldfish food. Although it would be better if he found his own food".
All the children At the end of the maths

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.600708
Retrieved Text: user submission frog saver for pool invention animals rescue rich mason.
above ground cross pool volley parts frog saver for diy.
frogs dying in your swimming pool try this hack that can save lives frog saver for.
nice pool frog saver for diy accessory.
saver solar panel pool heaters found at frog for diy.
frog log critter weighted escape ramp for swimming pool saver savers pools.
winter pool cover maintenance frog saver for savers swimming pools above ground check up.
frog saver for pool ramp swimming pet automation savers pools an error occurred.
7 benefits frog saver for pool 8.
a picture of what it looked like last night after i made my adjustments to let you know starting point frog saver for pool diy solar cover vs the wind.
frog saver for pool solar panel heaters diy lily pad savers swimming pools.
meet a tiny little inflatable ramp that saves animals from drowning in pools frog saver for pool diy.
swimming frog saver for pool fish pond conversion.
frog saver for pool savers swimming pools page.
archaic fair pool frog saver for savers swimming pools accessory.
inexpensive and innovative idea saves animals from drowning save ideas small frog saver for pool diy.
frog saver for pool diy swim floating noodle water young fun.
i seem to forever be rescuing these little fellows from the side walls of family swimming pool they call madly garden surrounds at night frog saver for diy frogs.
swimming pool lifeguard special life saving rod rescue hook equipment frog saver for diy.
frog eggs in pool skimmer saver for savers swimming pools frogs.
help please included as much info about my

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.28271
Retrieved Text: Where do poison dart frogs live?
Are all poison dart frogs toxic?
Today’s Wonder of the Day was inspired by Ethan. Ethan Wonders, “Do you know anything about tree frogs?” Thanks for WONDERing with us, Ethan!
Imagine you're trekking through the dense rainforest of South America. Along the way, you gaze up at the gigantic trees in amazement. Later, you crouch down to get a better look at some bugs. A flash of color catches your eye and you realize it's a poison dart frog.
You're tempted to get a closer look at this amphibian but you WONDER, are poison dart frogs really that poisonous? In this Wonder of the Day, let's find out!
There are many species that make up the family of poison frogs native to Central and South America. These tiny frogs tend to live amongst the leaves on the rainforest floor near ponds or streams, although a few species live in the trees and never come down.
Poison frogs are known for their bright, vivid colors. You can find them in just about any color combination you can think of. The colors you're likely to see include red, black, yellow, green, blue, gold, copper, orange, silver, and pink.
These flashy colors make poison frogs stand out, but they don't make them easy prey. Instead, their coloring is a defense mechanism that protects them from predators. Their bright colors serve as a warning that their skin is poisonous, so it's best not to eat them. In order to be easily seen by potential predators, poison frogs are diurnal, which means

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A person is playing bagpipes out in a park. A man and two boys watching from a far. the camera... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play.

Ending 2: is covered to the boy that is playing there.

Ending 3: then goes black and we see a black opening scene.

Ending 4: watching the boy and boy as they play a game of drums.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.750416
Retrieved Text: Bagpipes will lead participants—at the close of Pacific Grove’s Indie Author Day Oct. 13—from the Natural History Museum to Jewell Park. The event, Independent Author’s Day on Saturday, Oct. 13, is hosted by the Pacific Grove Library and is free and open to the public.
Local authors will sign and sell books 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the library, with new authors and books every two hours. Book sales and events will be at the museum from 1 to 4:45 p.m. — plus a “Tea and Speaker” event from 1:30-3 p.m. at the Centrella Inn.
“These programs will convey deeper insights into the craft of writing, especially about atmosphere and setting, and promote Pacific Grove as a peaceful place to write, on the tip of the Monterey Peninsula,” said organizer Patricia Hamilton.
Bagpipes will sound at 4:45 p.m. on the museum steps. Dr. Ed Jarvis, Pacific Grove musician and chiropractor, wearing his kilt and playing his bagpipes, will lead attendees to a “Meet and Greet” across Central Ave. to the Little House in Jewell Park.
J.M. Barrie and the Lost Boys will play old favorites in the park from 5 to 6:30 p.m.. Refreshments will be provided by the Friends of the Library and Central Coast Writers.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.73866
Retrieved Text: Two teenager boys with a disabled friend in wheelchair on a walk outside in town on a sunny day.
A teenager in wheelchair looking at boys playing basketball outdoors. Slow motion.
Man posing with two girls in studio.
Mature male friends celebrating business success, drinking whiskey. Cropped shot of two men talking while having drinks together at the bar. Entertainment, recreation, fun concept.
A boy in wheelchair with a teenager friend playing basketball outside at sunset.
Young people are talking at bar counter over beer when couple of their friends coming to meet them. Men and women are greeting each other and sharing news.
4k, Two boys in a school classroom studying together.
4k, Two guys watching a movie at home.
Bearded mature man smiling to the camera after tasting delicious whiskey. Group of mature men enjoying luxury alcohol drinks at the bar. Man tasting whiskey at the restaurant.
Two friends laughing to the camera while having drinks together. Bearded mature man and his handsome friend enjoying drinking whiskey. Friendship, leisure, weekend concept.
4k, Two young girlfriends with smartphone on sofa in home. Slow motion.
Cheerful mature man laughing, talking to his friend at the whiskey bar. Handsome man laughing joyfully, drinking alcohol with his mate. Leisure, lifestyle, entertainment concept.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.103325
Retrieved Text: A man goes into a bar with his pet octopus and says “I’ll bet $50 that no one here has a musical instrument that this octopus CAN’T play’ The people in the bar look around, and someone fetches out an old guitar. The octopus has a look, picks it up, tunes the string, and starts playing the guitar. The octopus’ owner pockets the $50 Next, a guy comes up with a trumpet. The octopus takes the horn, loosens up the keys, licks it’s lips and starts playing a jazz solo. The guy pockets yet another $50. The bar owner has been watching all of this and disappears to the back. He comes back a few moments later with a set of bagpipes under his arm. He puts them on the bar and says to the guy and his octopus, ‘ Now, if your octopus can play THAT, I’ll give you $100. The octopus takes a long hard look at the bagpipes, lifts it up, turns it over, has yet another look from a different angle. Puzzled, the octopus’ owner comes over and says ‘What are you waitin for? Hurry up and play that damn thing! The octopus says, ‘Play it? Hell if I can work out how to get it’s pajamas off, I’m gonna screw it!!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.70634
Retrieved Text: A lot of shows have utilized the filming style of having their actors look directly into the camera, but no one makes me more uncomfortable than Kevin Spacey when we lock eyes. The new teaser trailer for ‘House of Cards’ season 3 starts with Spacey, playing President Frank Underwood, slowly looking up into the camera from behind his desk, and from the moment his eyes zero in on the camera, you’re hooked. Few shows rely on the acting of their stars as much as ‘House of Cards’, but Spacey and Robin Wright knock every single scene out of the park. While the storylines may be a bit nutty from time to time, the acting is always top notch, and the suspense and freedom that Netflix allows its shows to have is riveting. If you haven’t already, clear you schedules for Friday, February 27th. Binge watching will be in full effect.
Did Ricky’s New Netflix Ad Tease a Streaming Sopranos for Netflix?
With Silvio “Sil” Dante making a cameo on this new Netflix commercial I can’t help but wonder when The Sopranos will be live streaming on Netflix. Ok ok, I know that Steven Van Zandt was on the commercial for his new show by Netflix called “Lilyhammer”, but a man can dream, and I will. I already have HBOGO so it doesn’t really affect me, but anything that makes my journey to New Jersey with Tony and the boys easier is something I want to be apart of.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.52493
Retrieved Text: The bagpipe is possibly the only musical instrument to have been labeled a tool of warfare.
In 1746, after wiping a field clear of rebellious Jacobites at the Battle of Culloden, the British government collected a handful of supposed POWs and put them on trial in York. Included in the group was James Reid, a Scottish man about whom not much is known except that he played the bagpipes.
The court then ordered Reid hung by the neck until dead, a feat joyfully performed by the British authorities.
The judge in this case might have truly believed that the act of playing the bagpipes constituted treason. Or he may just not have cared for the droning sack of tubes and sheepskin. Whether it be because the instrument looks ridiculous – like playing a large offal – or more likely because its design lacks a volume control, the instrument seems to bring out the worst in some cities, which have raced to ban it from hearing distance.
The latest salvo in the War Against Bagpipes landed in Vancouver. A musician caused a media stink because the municipal code included a prohibition against busking with drums or bagpipes. The city's engineering department had pushed for the regulation, because pipers playing loud renditions of tunes like “Fields of Athenry” and “My Mother's Ay Glowering O'er Me” were interfering with its work.
But yesterday, Mayor Gregor Robertson threw out the anti-pipe ordinance. “The clans won’t stand for it!”‬ he said. Vancouver is now a safe haven for buskers to blare music on a Great Highland

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.690582
Retrieved Text: Full title reads: "KASHMIR CELEBRATES INDEPENDENCE".
Crowds celebrating, dancing and playing traditional instruments, in main Kashmir street. People watching celebrations from building. Oriental pipers' flute players. Close up shot of a man playing flute.
Pandit Nehru arriving at Srinagar polo ground. Top view of crowds. Shot of Polo ground with Jawaharlal Nehru looking into camera in foreground. Women guards with rifles - women militia. Close up shot of a woman in line. Men militia standing at ease with rifles. Close up shot of policeman. Pandit Nehru addressing crowds on Polo ground. Indian people listening. Close up shot of a girl listening. Pandit Nehru addressing crowds. Indians listening. Pandit Nehru inspecting parade. Women militia present arms raggedly. Nehru talking to women militia. Youth with banner reading 'We will defend out Mother Land with Young Blood.' Indians looking on. Nehru standing before two very young boys one presents arms. Close up shot of a police woman. Shot of Nehru taking the salute at march past. Indian women marching past with the rifles. Nehru saluting. Close up shot of women marching past.
A river procession - barges full of people moving down the river. Top view of Nehru and Sheik Abdullah, Kashmir Premier (Lion of Kashmir). Mass of Indians on hillside watching procession of boats. Nehru standing up in boat. Indians applauding from boats. Long shot of the river procession.
Travelogue item showing the long journey of Kashmir wool from Himalayan goats to chic London sweaters.
Life in the villages in Kashmir, conflict area between India and Pakistan.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.349874
Retrieved Text: As far as I can tell, bagpipes** are some form of sound weapon, an auditory flamethrower if you will. They are frequently to be seen at military shows, where they are deployed in between bursts of gun fire... some form of early attempt at combined arms I assume.
Anyway, these weapons have clearly been deployed by Scottish militant partisans against unsuspecting members of the public, sometimes in town centers, in an obvious attempt to extort money. It has to stop.
With the advent of cheap digital signal processing, I correctly assume it would be easy to automatically detect the sound of bagpipes. Such a mechanism could be incorporated into a land mine***. These mines could be buried both randomly and concentrated in strategic points. The idea being that the militants would never know if the particular spot outside Clark's, or a random rocky outcrop were safe. Within a few seconds of arming the bag thingy and discharging the weapon.... BOOOM!! a rain of tartan, blood and splinters.
Title promised a deep shaft into which they could be thrown.
No. That would be a deep shaft from which uncut bagpipes would be hewn from the living rock, this would be counterproductive.
What you thought was: "disused mine in which bagpipes may be interred"
This would be a perfect project for crowdfunding - we are the crowd, and we will fund you.
"Without Bag-Pipes at the Van, playing that Musick forbidden to all other Scots to play since 1745, and thereby doubly damn'd,- a-chaunting and a-keening all their loss, failure, hatred, may I say, of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.309292
Retrieved Text: I woke up early, giddy with the promise of watching my hometown Blue Angels fly over Lake Washington with Jack. On our way to Madrona Beach near the Capitol Hill neighborhood, traffic forced us to reroute to nearby Magnuson Park Beach. It turns out that Magnuson isn't the perfect spot for watching the Blues, but it was OUR perfect spot.
We sat on the shores of Lake Washington playing in the rocks and pebbles letting the water lap our feet while the Blues soared and played tricks in the distance.
They were far, far away (if you look really hard you will see two tiny black dots in the sky...they were closer than that, but that is the best my camera could do), but we saw them with the perfectly blue Seattle August sky and Mt Rainier as their backdrop. It was gorgeous and fun and peaceful.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.731224
Retrieved Text: McLeod is a man that other men look up to. He is a commander who is always with his soldiers and will always be found at the front of a charge. Hailing from the Northern tip of Brighton, McLeod will lead a charge by playing his grandfather's ancient bagpipes, lifting the spirits of those around him. It is said that the sound of his pipes can keep a man on his feet when on all accounts he should be down for good. You'll march far and well with McLeod in your ranks.
Clan Macleod is a associated with the Isle of Skye. The tartan worn by Mcleod resembles Clan Macleod Ancient tartan.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.550383
Retrieved Text: Today I met two friends, also mothers of young children, for lunch. We try to do this once a month, usually when all the kids are in school so we can have grown-up talk.
When Chris came home last night, I told him I had canceled my lunch plans because the boys would be home once again. He looked at his schedule for today and told me to email back that I'd be there - as long as I could get him back to work by 1:30.
He squeezed in coming home for lunch today, between meetings, because he wanted me to be able to go to lunch.
Tonight I host this month's book club for my moms group. I scheduled this before Chris started learning the bagpipes. Yep, his bagpipe group meets on Thursday nights. And he's staying home so I don't have to deal with the kids while trying to have a discussion about this month's book (Circle of Friends by Maeve Binchy).
Can I point out that this is normal in our house? And I hope it is normal in other houses. That Dad stays home and parents while Mom goes out sometimes. Just like Mom stays home and parents while Dad is out at work or playing bagpipes. We both have things we like to do (I have my writing group and book club; Chris has his bagpipes and movie-making). We both make time for each other to pursue those interests. Sometimes there are time conflicts, in which case one of us changes plans or we

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.51928
Retrieved Text: In my older sentimental years and as a father, husband, and a fan of timeless music, I find myself often searching for music with some deep meaning. Something blue collar that speaks to me and that I can relate to. I first heard DKM when the Blackout album came out and was immediately hooked. DKM is a band that speaks proudly about family, friends, love, values, the hard-working man, and remembering where you came from and that’s something that I’ve always been about. Mix that with some Celtic punk and you have yourself a musical masterpiece.
The boys from Boston were back in town on March 9th, and it couldn’t have been a better time for me personally. Sometimes we need to be reminded about the values the band is all about and to have them shove it down your throat live, the week before St. Patrick’s Day, is the best way to be reminded. When the curtain dropped, the band was already blasting through the show opener, “The State Of Massachusetts“, and then blasting us immediately with fan favorite, The Boys Are Back. The band, with many members playing multiple instruments, from electric guitar to tin whistle to bagpipes, shows us true musicianship and you can feel the passion come from the stage and slap you in the face. After a handful of fan favorites and a couple covers, the band ends the night with “Shipping Up To Boston“, leaving the green-wearing crowd begging for more.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.729853
Retrieved Text: EVERY MONTH, OUR PROCEEDS SUPPORT A NEW PERSON OR ORGANIZATION WHO DEFINES WHAT IT MEANS TO BE STILL KICKIN.
Farhiya and Ibrahim met the old-fashioned way. Nope, not Match.com. Through their families, who knew each other back home in Somalia. The first time they met, they just asked each other a lot of questions. Things like, “Have you ever been married before?” and “What can you give me?” You know… casual first date stuff. It went on like that for a few weeks, and then, they decided to get married. It was June of 2004; Farhiya was nineteen years old, Ibrahim was twenty-nine.
Ibrahim was already a U.S. citizen, and returned to Minneapolis a married man, where he worked and saved to bring his wife to his new home. A year later, Ibrahim, Farhiya, and their newborn son journeyed to America together. They shared a one-bedroom apartment while Ibrahim worked as a security guard and went back to school for Social Work. They were young, in love, starting a whole new life in a whole new country.
Ibrahim became a social worker for Hennepin County, where he spent his days helping other people. The perfect job for a kind, hardworking man with a big heart.They had two more boys, moved into a house in South Minneapolis, bought a mini-van, and raised their family. Life was good and happy."He doesn’t like staying in, he says I have to do something, this is my day. He wants to do something every day and go somewhere. That’s what he’s like, that’s what

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.603018
Retrieved Text: Just back from dropping Rufus home from his weekend with us. The house seems very quiet, just me and hubby. We had a great time, tired I won't lie there, but he is so much fun. The weather helped too.
We had light snow all day Saturday, just wet and miserable. After Friday I thought the boxes would be redundant, but they spent the whole of Saturday afternoon playing with them.
Then it was time to take him home as we were invited for Sunday lunch. Rebecca and Laurie are both full of colds, but Laurie could still manage a few smiles.
So here we are just us two and a weekend full of photographs (around 300 of them) to look through. I hope you enjoyed your weekend as much as we did.
What a PERFECT weekend. Boxes, best buddies, Beautiful baby, and an orange blanket for snuggling. Pure happiness.
Looks like Rufus had a great time, and the older "boy" too. The blanket turned out so nice! Your snow is pretty, but I imagine, like me, you'd rather have spring now.
Boys will be boys - whatever their age. Great to see Rufus and grandad playing so well together. Thought you would end up out in the snow. Good fun when you are young. The ten-stitch has turned out well. So glad you all had a great weekend.
I'm a bit late but these are just the most adorable photos. Wish there were photos of you and the boys but alas someone has to hold the camera (smile). I love the smile

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.515362
Retrieved Text: Trailer park boys, parks and recreation, West world, chappelle’s show, Hell’s Kitchen.
Aliens, Prometheus, blades of glory, lucky number sleven, boondocks saints, Afro samurai, anything horror.
Deftones, meshuggah, Tyler the creator, ASAP mob, job for a cowboy, schoolboy q, lil dicky, lil Wayne, prodigy, wu tang clan, Sean p, styles p, Alice In Chains, Nirvana, sound garden, audioslave, rage against the machine.
Cooking and watching a movie. Going out for drinks. Skateboarding and playing soccer.
Snowboarding, sky diving, traveling to Europe.
To be happy overall. Find a person who can understand what I need. And also provide the same.
Acceptance, kindness, humility, simplicity, humor, creativity, motivation, happiness, trust, romance, patience.
Cool a meal, and watch a movie. Go out for dinner.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.453617
Retrieved Text: On May 22, we hosted about 40 seniors from two long-term care residences in Newmarket and Maple, and from two seniors’ day programs in Maple and Keswick. The boys helped the visitors make their way to Wirth Theatre, positioning wheelchairs so the guests could easily see the screen as the School’s new five-minute video was shown.
Headmaster Kevin McHenry shared the history of St. Andrew’s in Aurora and welcomed them to the School.
“It is a privilege for our boys and our teachers to get to know you,” he said to the group.
This is the third year seniors have taken a field trip to St. Andrew’s to check out the campus, chat with boys, and enjoy lunch in Cole Hall. The boys had already met many of the seniors when the students visited their residences as part of their community service initiative.
St. Andrew’s students visit with seniors once a month in October, November, January, February, and April. They join in games of bingo and scavenger hunts, participate in arts and crafts, and help out with pumpkin carving and planting. Some of the seniors have children or grandchildren who are Andreans so there are some extra special connections!
The seniors on the SAC field trip were also treated to a video called Interviews with Wonderful Seniors that was created by boys who visited with members of the Keswick Gardens Adult Day Program. It showed photos of seniors now and in years past plus facts about their families and personal history.
Following the presentations in Wirth Theatre, the boys accompanied the visitors

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.34168
Retrieved Text: By the first of April we were itching to get the RV and boys out for a longer trip. Despite continued above normal precipitation and below normal temperatures, we departed on a two week adventure starting with a week in Yakima followed by a week in The Columbia River Gorge.
While in Yakima, we were fortunate enough to base-camp on my cousin’s property. Jerry and Shantel let us hook up to their water and electricity (a first for us) and spoiled us with great food and company. Each weekday, they went off to work while we explored the area. The weather was not as nice as predicted and we had a lot of wet, windy, and dreary conditions. But we did manage to find a few sun breaks here and there and had a nice week despite the weather. For the weekend, we enjoyed family time with Jerry, Shantel, and Shantel’s parents Dan and Vicki.
The boys continued to adapt to their new surroundings. Indy loved all the bird and bunny watching and even enjoyed watching my cousin’s dogs (they are very well behaved). Jake…well, Jake is getting to be a bit of a moody old man. While I can’t say he is enjoying being an adventure cat, he seems to be adjusting as well as I could hope.
Ginkgo Petrified Forest State Park is a 7,124-acre park in Central Washington along the Columbia River. The forest is also a registered National Natural Landmark. According to the park brochure, this area is home to one of the most diverse

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.314394
Retrieved Text: Performance artists stage an action called "No Traffic" in the middle of a construction site on St. Lawrence Blvd. in Montreal.
00:00Copy video clip URL A person walks along a city street under construction. Various b-roll of the street torn up, concrete being laid and smoothed, construction crews at work. Cement mixers in motion. Passersby. A guitarist sits and plays on the opposite sidewalk.
02:50Copy video clip URL Young men and women stand in the construction area doing yoga-like exercise. Trucks and other construction vehicles roll past. Onlookers watch the group. A photographer takes pictures of the spectacle.
08:30Copy video clip URL Someone takes out a video camera and starts recording the scene. Some participants start meditating, chanting: “Om.” Other participants start miming the action of shoveling and digging. One of the participants starts to flail, feigning pain. Another calls a warning to the crowd: “No drugs!” The crowd continues looking on. One of the participants wonders around telling the crowd: No drugs! The young man feigning pain and seizures continues his act. “Can you do nothing to help me?” A woman yells at him in French. The man continues his performance, playing sick. The scene continues with the actors performing in a dirt hole in the street created by the construction workers. The man in mock pain calls for an elephant to move the rock off his leg.
15:00Copy video clip URL Onlookers gather and watch. The construction workers continue working around them. One man near the performers starts a motorized sledgehammer. The actors continue performing, ignoring the construction

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.256907
Retrieved Text: Note: This section is at an early stage of development - more material will be added soon.
New! See the recently added section Learning to Play.
A question pipers are often asked is, "How hard is it to learn to play bagpipes?" It's a tough question - below is a list of things that set bagpipes apart from other instruments and that will perhaps give those considering the instrument some help.
Wind - Some mouth-blown pipes require higher air pressure and/or greater air volume than others. Most persons, contrary to what might be expected, have less trouble with lung-power than with the muscles around their lips. (Trumpet and other horn players will well understand this.) Beginners find that many bagpipes are either impossible to play for more than a few moments, or at all. The solution is to build up the necessary stamina slowly, either, in the case of some bagpipes, by first playing a practice chanter or by playing with some or all of the drones plugged off. There is also a beginners' version of some sorts of bagpipes, called a goose, that is useful in this and other early development.
Steadiness - During ordinary playing, and with certain exceptions, it is essential that the chanter and drone(s) receive air at a steady and constant pressure. This requires that as air is blown into the bag, via the blowpipe and player's mouth, that the amount of pressure applied by the player's arm against the bag be proportionately and smoothly diminished. Likewise, as the airflow through the blowpipe ceases, arm

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.115566
Retrieved Text: Your mission is to save your dream!
Depot town was the place to be for artist. The old charm meant affordable back then.
The Farmers Market was great, right behind the studio.
Sketching out in the field became an everyday event.
The gravel quarry. Empty, quiet, and for swimming. Great for clean water for water coloring too.
My heroic artist while in school. Depot town was close to 1880s as I could get.
My studio building, third floor on the right. Originally built as a hotel in 1864 with a grand ballroom at the top left.
Restaurant near the tracks. Everytime a train passes, its customary to drink a toast to good times.
Sketch book. Lady bug, Prison yard, Parade watchers from rooftop.
St. Patrick's Day parade in front of my studio. Man with bagpipes, tall man with hat.
Another quick sketch of the field. I was getting carried away with van Gogh.
The Daily Grind. Meeting Michelle down stairs and not getting far from talking/thinking about art school.
The field with train rumbling in the distance.
Working in the field of Milan. That's Milan, Michigan which got it's name from Milan, Italy due to the grapes that grows there.
The Field. Painting a landscape. Part of the exercise of a BFA degree.
The Stream. Great way to get water for acrylic paints.
In the studio. My home for before leaving to Graduate School in Chicago.
In the field with plastic camera.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.091528
Retrieved Text: One of the things we've really been enjoying about our move across town is discovering new places to eat, local small town shops, and the quaint little things that make our new community unique.
One night last week, we left the boxes behind, packed a picnic dinner and headed to the park that's just down the street from our house. The boys LOVED this park. Grandma and Grandpa, we can't wait to show it to you!
I had a great time with the camera and captured some fun shots of my house of boys as they made their way around the park.
Max always finds a quiet place to be alone.
Until he discovers something amazing to show us.
"Look at this biggest tree, Daddy!"
Jack spends much of his park time looking for bugs and ants, and playing in the dirt. He ran up to us shouting, "The inside of that caterpillar has gooey water."
Off to find the lagoon.
Jack really is a mini-Jason. They're body language is so similar.
The lagoon area is really beautiful. A wooden bridge overlooks a waterfall. The boys were mesmerized by it.
While my other boys were off exploring, I captured a few shots of Lincoln on a park bench. This was my favorite.
It was a truly delightful evening. The next day, we began celebrating the Fourth of July. And, our new town went ALL out!
Wow - how awesome!!! And what great pictures!!!! Enjoy exploring!!
it's so fun getting to know a new place. they're so cute; thanks for the pics. can't wait to hear about your 4th.
looks like

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.023912
Retrieved Text: plus … The Friday Tune competition!!
We can no longer accept advance payment, but tickets can still be bought on arrival, so fear not!
As a musician, collector, ethnomusicologist, teacher, composer, publisher and co-founder of Modal Magazine, the influence of Eric Montbel on the revival of the French bagpipes and their repertoire cannot be overstated and it is a great honour to welcome him back to the Blowout, after far too long an absence.
In 1996, his solo bagpipe CD Les cornemuses à miroirs du Limousin was a great critical success, receiving a number of awards including Grand Prix of the Académie Charles-Cros.
Eric is regularly involved in international projects, having worked in São Paulo (Brazil) in “Orquesta Mediterráneo”. He also directs the ensemble Le Grand Balèti of Marseille’s Cité de la Musique, a group of amateurs devoted to the traditional bal and folk dance.
Along with his solo work, we will have the rare opportunity to enjoy the results of his collaboration with ZampogneriA and experience a unique combination of musical textures from two separate but connected traditions.
ZampogneriA are Marco Tomassi, Marco Iamele and Giorgio Pinai. They are dedicated to the enhancement of that most iconic Italian bagpipe, the Zampogna. Since forming in 2015, the trio has gained international recognition, performing widely, both in their own right and in collaboration with artists such as Susana Seivane and Eric Montbel, with whom they are working on a French-Italian repertoire of Christmas and dance music, played on Grande Cornemuse à Miroirs and Zampogne. Their first CD Fiumerapido attracted attention all over the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.884274
Retrieved Text: What a fabulous afternoon in The Rocks, Sydney with Toby and Lesley taking photos to celebrate their recent engagement. The weather forecast wasn’t promising, but Sydney turned on a gorgeous blue sky for a perfect late autumn afternoon. I’m always amazed that no matter how busy it is down at The Rocks, and it gets really busy on the weekends, it is always possible to find a quiet corner away from the crowds – perfect to get rid of those initial nerves of being “couply” in front of a camera.
I’ve known Toby for a while and met his fiancée a few times over the years so it was lovely to spend some time with them and hear about their wedding plans and stories about how the met, first dates and, of course, the proposal. After an initial slightly nervous start, they quickly relaxed and got into the swing of things.
After some quiet spaces in The Rocks, we made our way to the harbour and around Dawes Point before heading up to Observatory Hill. We caught the final bits of sunlight and finished off with a perfect silhouette under a tree – I’ve always wanted to do this photo at this location and it turned out just as I hoped, well worth laying down in some dirt to get! Congratulations again to you both and wishing you all the best for your wedding next year!
I met up with this gorgeous family on a very overcast morning out at Bicentennial Park at Homebush. I love the soft light

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.72734
Retrieved Text: This assignment is mainly to study and analyze the cinematic techniques used in the opening sequence of the films, “Blue Velvet” and “The Elephant”. I would be studying about, how the use of icons, camera techniques, pace mood, text, colour, music/sound effects and special effects.
I will begin with the film, “Blue Velvet”. Blue Velvet is a shocking film full of violence and tension. It is set in Lumberton, a town that appears to be an archetypal small American town. The opening scene of the movie is very captivating. The film focuses on a man in his garden watering his plants while his wife sits in her couch and watches a thriller when the man suddenly falls to the ground as if he had a stroke or was bitten by an insect on his neck. The old man is hospitalized and so his son comes to visit him, and on his way back the old man’s son find an ear on the ground under the bushes while he was searching for a stone to throw.
The power of the opening scene lies in the visual details and the use of sound. For instance the director uses many of the signifiers of small town America. In the very beginning of the Opening Credits are presented in front of a blue velvet curtain along with a tensed non-diagetic tune as the background music. In the opening shot, the camera pans down from a perfect blue sky to a white picket fences to bold, beautiful red roses are all signifiers of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.453745
Retrieved Text: The deadly drama unfolded Thursday night in a quiet cul-de-sac on Atwood Place, where police shot and killed a man at the end of a chase through the hilly Boyle Heights neighborhood. LAPD officials said the man was a passenger in a stolen vehicle and was armed with a gun that was found at the scene. Coroner’s officials identified the dead man as Omar Gonzalez, a 36-year-old Los Angeles resident. Ariel Leon,a long time friend and neighbor of Gonzalez describes him as good person who worked construction and was a loving father to two young boys.
Jose Ortega had just finished mowing the lawn and was watching television inside his Boyle Heights home when he heard the scream of the first siren Thursday night.
Then he heard a second siren and a third. As the noises grew, Ortega, 68, peered out his front window, then went to his door.
A police car was stopped in front of Ortega's home. An officer jumped out, holding a rifle. Ortega shut the door and moved back inside.
Another neighbor heard yelling, then gunshots.
The deadly drama unfolded Thursday night in a quiet cul-de-sac on Atwood Place, where police shot and killed a man at the end of a chase through the hilly Boyle Heights neighborhood. LAPD officials said the man was a passenger in a stolen vehicle and was armed with a gun that was found at the scene.
Coroner's officials identified the dead man as Omar Gonzalez, a 36-year-old L.A. resident.
Gonzalez was the 11th person fatally shot by on-duty LAPD officers this year.
The sequence

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.432526
Retrieved Text: Instead of a big bash with lots of guests and a big mess to clean up afterwards, I decided on something more low key for Vincent’s 6th birthday party . . . or so I thought.
I told Vincent about having a slumber party and his excitement was overwhelming. Two weeks before the big night, all Vincent could talk or ask about was when Michael and Ethan were coming over.
The day of the sleepover starts with Vincent asking me again when Michael and Ethan were coming. Later in the day, I tell Vincent.
“Mommy, is it time for Ethan and Michael to come over?” asked Vincent.
“When are my friends coming?” Vincent asked.
“I can’t wait till Ethan and Michael come over, Mommy,” Vincent said.
“Oh, I forgot.” Six-year-olds forget a lot, especially mine.
Michael and Ethan show up all smiles. Ethan’s mom tells me it’s all he could talk about. And I totally understand where she’s coming from.
After pizza, William and I take the boys to a nearby park. And then we head to Sweet Willow’s Creamery.
The boys spend the next couple hours playing Wii downstairs.
So far, I am pleasantly surprised there are no incidents or fights among them.
“Boys, it’s time to head up to Vincent’s bedroom. You can play there the rest of the night,” I said.
When the boys get upstairs, I show them where everyone would be sleeping.
“Look, they built a tent in your room!” Ethan yelled to Vincent.
“That’s so cool!” Michael chimed in.
I always made forts to sleep in when I had sleepovers. This drove my parents crazy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.39931
Retrieved Text: It was Stretch Armstrong vs. The Jones Boys this week as we took Stretch out to see just what he was made of. I’ll admit he’s possibly the oddest toy the boys have had in a while, but he’s also the best toy I’ve had around the house. In short, he’s a 30cm stretchy man with a solid plastic head. He looked familiar to me and so I asked my parents why.
Stretch was a 1970’s icon according to my parents – and stretches to four times his size, which is pretty big – but it takes effort. Or “MOOSSLLES!” if you’re Hero. The boys put everything they had into getting him to stretch that far, and ever managed to tie him in knots. He’s pretty cool – and as far as durable toys go, he’s at the top of our chart. He retails for £19.99 and you can get your own original at Character Online. He might be a favourite with the boys, but he’s pretty cool for grown ups too.
You see, as well as what you see in the video [complete with brother absconding with Stretch a few times, plus the cutest brother assistance in the last few seconds of the video], you can use Stretch Armstrong as a huge stress ball. Or stress person, ha ha. It probably looks bad as I’m squeezing the life out of a plastic man but it feels SO good. I might need a holiday.
Somehow I just can’t stop squeezing and stretching him whilst I’m watching TV. There’s the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.333677
Retrieved Text: How many times have you ended up watching a pathetic show on TV just because the remote is too far away from you to pick up and change the network? Couch potatoes understand the feeling very well! We don't think you can relate to this because you aren't a sluggard! If you just wonder how come we know you aren't lazy, let's remind you that the lazy people have already skipped reading this intro, and began seeing the photos! Join them and see the pictures that show laziest people around the world in action!
This man perfectly defines what laziness is. Watch that man for a minute and we bet you start feeling lazy and sleepy. Apparently this lazy man rested his phone on his cheek so he can talk without needing to hold it with hand. Well, that's one lazy way to talk on phone, especially if you are too lazy to buy Bluetooth headphones!
That guy was watching the festival action live on his phone, using his GoPro camera. This is some serious laziness. This guy is one of the best – if not the best contender for the laziness title. Let's tell you what he was doing there once again. He was lying on grass there, watching action on the stage live on his mobile phone using a GoPro camera!
If there was a chance, he could have well driven that mail van into the house. This lazy mail carrier drove his van onto the lawn there to deliver package. As you know, mail carriers are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.332226
Retrieved Text: To celebrate Tradfest 2014, Gallery of Photography Ireland is proud to present a free exhibition of black and white photographic portraits by Jim Maginn. The exhibition captures musicians in song by hearths, or out in the landscapes that so clearly inform their music. It provides an intimate and invaluable record of those who have lived and breathed the complexities of the music of Ireland. Maginn’s focus is all about the person being photographed, capturing them laughing, singing, or playing their guitar, bagpipes, mandolin or violin, or in quiet moments when something of their inner, truest self is revealed to the camera.
As Maginn notes: “If my admiration and appreciation of these musicians – some of whom have suffered much hardship, all of whom have given great joy – are conveyed in these images, then I am more than content”.
Exhibition runs throughout Tradfest (January 22nd to January 26th). Admission is free.
With thanks to Red Barn Gallery, Belfast and Foras na Gaeilge.
The exhibition is accompanied by a special edition bi-lingual book, with an introduction by Ciaran Carson. Signed copies are available in the Gallery Bookshop at €24.
Cover of the book “The Light of Other Days” by Jim Maginn that accompanies the exhibition held at the Gallery of Photography Dublin in 2014.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.288998
Retrieved Text: I spent a long weekend in Edinburgh, exploring the local area and embracing the Scottish culture that presented itself loud and proud to my innocent eyes. One of my dreams is to travel all over the world (isn’t that everyone’s dream?!) and there is something about discovering new cultures and seeing new places that gets me really excited!!
Edinburgh was beautiful and the traditional Scottish way did not fail to impress me! The university in Edinburgh was having its graduation on the Saturday so there were bagpipes playing and lots of people walking around and enjoying the windy, yet sunny day. The best part of the whole trip was coming out from a lovely courtyard to find a bride and groom coming out of the church after their wedding ceremony and the bagpipes were playing and it was just incredible! Weirdly enough, I have never been to a wedding and although I wasn’t exactly part of it here, the feeling of just seeing the bride and groom looking unbelievably happy was enough to send me into a state of giddiness.
Edinburgh Castle was stunning and allowed me to see the whole of the city in all its glory! I had a great time wandering around the streets, being creeped out by the man with no face (*shivers*) I remember walking past this street performer completely forgetting that all he had for a face was a pair of sunglasses and a hat to top it off…wow, it was crazy!
I definitely recommend travelling to Edinburgh, especially if you want to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.162437
Retrieved Text: How would your other half react? Would she laugh it off with a “boys will be boys” attitude? Or would she, as one bride-to-be did after watching a tape, lunge for her man, chase him out of the house, wrestle him to the ground with cries of “you said you loved me”, then head straight to the garage for a baseball bat as her aunties turn up with wooden spoons to help?
Camera crew at a stag do? Baaaad idea. Though surfing You Tube for some of the show’s clips would be recommended.

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Two people are seen passing a ball back and fourth in a pool and leads into one speaking to the camera. the man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: dips the ball and walks back with the boy and pours detergent into a cup again.

Ending 2: then throws the ball into the pool and begins running around with a sail in his hand while a group of men watch.

Ending 3: then takes a drink having a conversation with another man and another man leads into him throwing balls in the water and laughing to the camera.

Ending 4: demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.81415
Retrieved Text: If you didn't know about this thing going on between Western Michigan quarterback Zach Terrell and his ultra-talented wide receiver Corey Davis, you would have learned by watching the 17th-ranked Broncos pull apart Ball State 52-20 Tuesday.
The chemistry between them is off the charts.
The duo, one of the most dynamic in college football, and rolling out of the Mid-American Conference, were something to behold in the drilling of the Cardinals.
Davis caught 12 passes for a school-record 272 yards and three TDs, moving him into second place in FBS history with 4,796 in his career. With three games to go Davis, who averages 112.3, needs 210 more yards to top the mark of 5,005 Trevor Insley's set at Nevada from 1996-99.
The seniors are a big reason the Broncos won their 11th straight game Tuesday. They have shot out to 9-0, best start at the school since 1941. They entered the national rankings for the first time and are a primed for their first New Year's Six Bowl appearance – Cotton maybe - out of the Group of Five.
"We both started our careers really at the same time. He was a redshirt freshman and I was a true freshman so we've had a lot of time to work on our chemistry," Terrell said Thursday. "We've played in a lot of football games together and I think people are kind of getting to see that kind of finished product on Saturdays and Tuesdays on national television. It's a lot of hours, lot of extra time together. We watch film

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.872334
Retrieved Text: The project is situated along the coastal avenue, the mass of the building set below the road level to allow an uninterrupted view to the sea. The program includes two swimming pools, changing facilities and a cafe.
Because of the need to limit construction costs and to preserve the landscape, the project had to make a minimal intrusion into the existing terrain. Since a topographical survey was not available at the time, the architect spent days marking the location of the existing rock formations, to arrive at a design which would require the least blasting.
The large adults’ pool is bound by low concrete walls that extend into the sea and are complemented on three sides by the natural rock formations. The continuity of these walls with the existing topography and the level of the water in the pool which appears to be contiguous with the sea, create the illusion of a seamless transition between the man-made and natural. The children’s pool, further inland, is enclosed by a curvilinear wall on one side and sheltered from the rest of the site by massive rocks and a concrete bridge at its entrance. In a playful gesture, this bridge is set just low enough to discourage adults from passing under it.
The access to the swimming pools is by way of a pedestrian ramp, which leads down from the coastal highway. The visitor descends gradually, simultaneously losing sight of the horizon, into a maze of concrete walls, platforms and canopies of the shower stalls and changing facilities building. After passing through

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.462608
Retrieved Text: Northern Illinois enters MAC play with a rare two-game losing streak. After staying with No. 1 Ohio State before falling, 20-13, the Huskies were edged by Boston College, 17-14, last week.
Central Michigan has also dropped two straight. Syracused edged the Chippewas, 30-27, two weeks ago. No. 2 Michigan State posted a 30-10 victory over CMU last Saturday.
Boson College broke a 7-7 halftime tie with 10 points before NIU struck back late on an 86-yard kickoff return by Aregeros Turner with 4:27 left.
The Huskies got one more possession and quickly moved to BC’s 35 with two Drew Hare completions. However, they could not move the chains again and lost possession on downs with 1:31 left.
Defenses prevailed for the most part, with NIU having a particularly tough time moving the ball. It ended up with 153 total yards on offense – 81 through the air and 72 on the ground. BC did most of its damage through the ground gme, totaling 234 yards on 63 rushes.
Hare completed 11 of 25 for 81 yards and one interception on the day. Tommyless Lewis caught six balls for a 42-yard total – just over half the catches and yardage.
Joel Bouagnon carried 16 times for 56 and scored one TD to pace the Huskie rushing attack.
The Chippewas pulled within 17-10 in the third quarter Saturday before No. 2 Michigan State put the game away with two fourth quarter rushing TDs.
Central Michigan actually finished with a slight edge (340-324) in total offense.
Cooper Rush completed 26 of 39 passes for 285 yards with one

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.393505
Retrieved Text: The win completes a historic comeback that took his side into the quarterfinals of the Champions League on Tuesday.
Barcelona won 4-2 on aggregate after a spectacular second leg in the last 16, entering the record books as the first team to turn around a 2-0 first-leg away loss in the competition.
Barcelona imposed its attack from the start and Messi finished off a team move just five minutes in to give the hosts a huge boost of confidence.
Messi struck with another left-footed strike in the 40th to level the contest over two legs.
And Barcelona's relentless pressure paid off in the 55th when David Villa netted the decisive goal before Jordi Alba added a fourth in stoppage time.
Barcelona joins Galatasaray in the last eight after the Turkish side beat Schalke 3-2 on the night and 4-3 on aggregate.
Against the odds, Barcelona reached the quarterfinals for a sixth straight season and kept alive its bid for a fourth title in eight years.
And Messi made sure they did so in style.
Messi moved past Ruud van Nistelrooy (56) into sole possession of second place on the Champions League career scoring list with 58 goals at just 25 years old, trailing only Raul Gonzalez's 71.
The sluggish and tired Barcelona from the loss at San Siro three weeks ago and defeats to fierce rival Real Madrid was nowhere to be seen at Camp Nou on Tuesday night.
Barcelona put on yet another breathtaking display, the kind that has led it to 14 titles since 2008 and earned its place among the best teams to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.96216
Retrieved Text: Jordan Reisner ’14 scored a touchdown for the Bears and ran 110 yards.
The Bears exploded offensively and held off a fourth-quarter Cornell rally to capture their first conference win of the season with a 42-35 triumph in Ithaca, N.Y.
The victory is welcome after Bruno (4-2, 1-2 Ivy) coughed up early leads against Harvard (5-1, 2-1) and Princeton (5-1, 3-0) in its first two Ivy contests. The team seemed to be headed toward a similar fate late in the Cornell game, but some big plays in the final quarter secured the win.
The win “wasn’t the way we drew it up,” said Head Coach Phil Estes, but he added that beating Cornell on the road is important.
Bruno scored in every quarter, grabbing first-half momentum with 14 unanswered points in the second quarter and building a 35-14 lead after three quarters. But Cornell’s Jeff Mathews demonstrated the skills that previously earned him the title of Ivy League Offensive Player of the Year and made him the league’s all-time leader in passing yards. Mathews led the Big Red (1-5, 0-3) on three fourth-quarter scoring drives to crawl back into the game.
Mathews’ heroics gave the home team a chance with the football as it trailed by seven with just over two minutes to play. But on the first snap of the drive, defensive end John Bumpus ’14 made his biggest contribution of the season so far. After playing the first 58 minutes without a tackle, Bumpus sacked Mathews and jarred the ball loose for linebacker Dan Giovacchini ’15 to recover.
Amid the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.941011
Retrieved Text: Tigers drive to the one but could not capitalize. At the half @nwtigerfootball leads Salisbury 21-7.
ESN's QB Jacobs is injured on fourth down. Walking off slowly now.
Don’t know when or what happened but this is Emmaus star @sone8ntoh going off field at halftime on crutches. He did get a carry in first half.
Selby is back into the end zone!
2nd half about to start!
Indians start at own 35 after kickoff out of bounds.
HALF: @Sburg_Fb Stewart 96 YDs passing, 3 TDs. Pembleton 3 catches, 25 YDs, 2 TDs. Burrell 90 YDs rushing, 2 TDs.
Second half kick is up and returned by the Canaries to the Allen 37. Injury timeout for a Canary, but Shyhem Dow (player hurt) walking off now.
Indians moving. First down at Haven 16.
HALF: Stroudsburg 37, ES North 0.
Whiteman to Hunsicker from 16 yards out!! Indians up 20-14 after two point conversions is no good.
Halftime: @GoRedRovers 20, @ZephyrAthletics 14. Whitehall hanging around despite surrendering 17 first downs.
Haven starts with good field position at Lehighton 36.
Javonte Haynes goes 91 yards on the opening kickoff of the second half! Canes up 28-0.
Brish scores from 34 yards out on 2nd play. XP is good and Haven no leads 21-20 with 7:32 left in the third.
Liberty’s Javonte Haynes takes the 2nd half kickoff 91 yds to the house. PAT is good.
Indians start at own 25.
Haven gets a big interception and starts at Indians 37.
Timeout @PVBearsfootball with 7:13 left in Q3. @asdallen has driven down the field and has 1st & Goal at the 1. PV called for 15yd pass interference

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.796238
Retrieved Text: Advantage Rule - Permits the referee to refrain from calling a foul if calling the foul would result in taking advantage away from the team on offense.
Air Mail Pass - Making a pass to a teammate that is high arcing and very obvious, as if telling the defense that it is coming. The opposite of deceptive point passing.
Anticipation - The ability to foresee what will happen next and react accordingly.
Attacker - A perimeter player. Another name for the driver position. A field player that usually does not play the center or center defender positions.
Back Door - The area opposite of the defender. Also what should be yelled if someone is open on the other side of their defender. The offensive player will usually do backstroke away from their defender.
Bait - To make an opponent wrongfully think you are not a threat to block a pass or help on a drive.
Balance - Having an equal number of players on each side of the pool, not having players clumped together.
Ball Side Defense - Positioning yourself and staying between the opponent you are guarding and the ball.
Ball Side Drive - A drive where the offensive player tries to get on the ball side of their defender.
Ball under - An ordinary foul which results in a turn over. It should only be called if a defender is "tackling" the offensive person taking the ball under.
Blind Side - The visual area around a player in which he/she cannot see.
BPAC Awareness - Players on defense must be aware of the Ball, their

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.717096
Retrieved Text: Basketball is the sport played on the rectangular court which as basket at the two ends of the court. The basketball is played between two teams each team as five players. To score points, the players must shoot the ball to the basket. The winning team is decided based on the number of point is scored within a time limit. The players play in the rectangular court and make a goal by shooting the ball into the basket. The five players are chosen for each team based on their strategy. The first player is known as point guard who is fastest player among the team and control the ball. The second player is called as shooting guard mainly long ranged player and guards the opponents. The third player is called as small forward plays actively and score points. The fourth player s called as power forward often plays with their back to the basket. The fifth player is called as centre uses height and size to score the points and also protect the ball from the opponent team.
The equipment used to play the game is basketball ball, basketball count and basketball basket. The basketball ball is spherical in shape. The basketball ball is made up of rubber bladed a wrapped in the layers of fiber. It is either covered with leather, rubber or synthetic material. There are many basketballs manufacturing company they are Spalding, molten, Wilson, Rawling and Nike. Splading is the first manufacturing company to produce basketball ball. The basketball court is rectangular court made

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.674212
Retrieved Text: Dak Prescott's percentile rank in each category, among QB with more than 50 fantasy points.
Prescott played one of his better games of the season, coming in a losing effort against the Rams. With little help from the run game, Prescott only had two poor throws in the game - fortunately one of them was a dropped interception which would have likely gone for a pick-six touchdown. Prescott was in play-maker mode as Dallas fell behind and needed a comeback to make the result in doubt for the closing minutes. Prescott's highlights included a must-have fourth down keeper to convert late in the fourth quarter, a goal line touchdown on the ground, plus extending a play and hitting Michael Gallup on a huge gain down to the one-yard-line in a critical point. Prescott enters the offseason with the key pieces around him all under contract outside of Cole Beasley and chemistry built over the second half of the season with Amari Cooper and Michael Gallup.
While Dallas collected the playoff win, Prescott had a scattershot passing performance especially on intermediate and deeper throws. Prescott collected stats in the first half with routine underneath throws, but missed the big play opportunities, including a wild misfire on an end zone fade towards Michael Gallup and later towards Noah Brown, which was tipped and intercepted in scoring range. Despite the passing struggles on impact plays, Prescott's rushing ability proved integral to Dallas' success down the stretch. Prescott nearly scored on a red zone keeper (ruled down at the one-yard line) and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.478409
Retrieved Text: CHARLESTON, S.C. - Charleston Southern closes out its road trip this weekend at Savannah State as the Buccaneers hit the road to T.A. Wright State Stadium to take on the Tigers on Saturday night. Kickoff is set for 6 p.m. with the game set to be streamed live via ESPN3.
Charleston Southern continues their trek through the opening part of the season as the Buccaneers hit the road for the fourth time over their first five games. CSU has posted a 1-1 record on the road this season with a loss in the opener against Florida while topping Hampton this past weekend.
Both teams have struggled in the passing game heading into the weekend. CSU (124th) and Savannah State (121st) both sit among the bottom in the national rankings in passing yards per game and the teams have combined to throw for eight interceptions over their first games this season.
Charleston Southern has dominated the series against Savannah State heading into this weekend's contest. The Bucs have won all seven games in the series dating back to the first contest in 2002. CSU is a perfect 5-0 at Buccaneer Field during the streak including last season's 52-27 win over the Tigers. CSU's last trip to Savannah State was back in 2008 - a 29-20 win.
Savannah State enters the weekend having struggled on the year with losses in each of their four completed contests on the season. SSU posted road losses to UAB, Miami (Fla.) and Florida A&M to start the season, before dropping a 35-20 decision in their home

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.460436
Retrieved Text: Tennessee called for another hold on third down. Another automatic first down.
Another defensive holding call gives Oklahoma a conversion on third down. Whoa.
It would be a coverage sack if Vols could ever bring down Mayfield. Vols dropping seven but still getting pressure from four-man rush.
Tennessee should have about 10 sacks tonight. Mayfield just won't go down.
Oklahoma down to the Tennessee 40. Arm tackles not going to work on Samaje Perine.
Passing yards with 10:58 left in the game: #Vols 104, Oklahoma 102.
That choice to kick the field goal on fourth-and-goal inside the one. Just sitting there ready to make sports talk radio melt this week.
Two passers are now a combined 20 of 53.
Oklahoma rolling. Best drive so far. Going wild cat here.
Oklahoma down to the 5. First-and-goal with 9:46 left. Tennessee still leads 17-3.
Mixon stopped, though,a nd it's second and goal from the 3.
Perrine down to about the 2. 3rd and goal.
I don't know how that ball got to Perrine. Touchdown.
Mayfield bates the Tennessee defense, throws a touch pass where only Perine can catch it after the scramble. Touchdown Sooners.
Tennessee had that play covered in a dozen different ways. Justin Martin just missed knocking it away.
Oklahoma makes the extra point. Cuts it to 17-10.
Justin Martin made one heck of an effort, but Perine catches a two-yard touchdown to cut the #Vols lead to 17-10.
#Sooners scoring drive: 14 plays, 80 yards, 5:53. Best drive of the day for them. 8:20 remains in the game.
Oklahoma has outgained UT 243-220.
Tennessee had 117 yards in the first quarter. Vols have 103

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.42394
Retrieved Text: It took one play for the Prairie Mustangs to take an early lead against Arickaree/Woodlin in their homecoming football game on Friday.
Trent Holzworth found his senior teammate Coltin Hove behind the Arickaree/Woodlin defense and threw a perfect strike to him for a 61-yard completion on the first offensive play of the game that put Prairie up 8-0.
That lead would never go the other way with a stout defensive effort from the Mustangs to hang on for the 34-14 win to improve to 3-0 on the season.
The Mustangs held Arickaree/Woodlin off the board in the first three quarters. With many stops on first and second down, Arickaree/Woodlin was put into third and long situations for most of the night. A fumble recovery in the second quarter set up the second score of the game for the Mustangs with Holzworth finding Wyatt Schnug for his second passing touchdown.
Prairie scored two more touchdowns in the final three minutes of the half to take control of the game. Following a fourth down stop, the Mustangs needed three plays to score with Hove breaking a 21-yard run to the end zone. Another stop on fourth down gave the ball back to the Mustangs near midfield with a chance to get a final score in the half. Holzworth rushed the ball into the end zone for a two-yard score with 16 seconds to spare to put Prairie up 28-0 at the half.
The lead remained at 28-0 following a shutout from both teams in the third quarter. Arickaree/Woodlin would finally get on the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.322868
Retrieved Text: Soak it in, Bear Nation. There really is no good in letting the Jaguars walk out of Your House with a W after having them on the ropes for 80% of the game.
That is the passing yards the Bears No Name Secondary is allowing...good for tenth in The League.
I have to give this team credit. There are so many ways they could have ended up at 1-5 on a short week before another trip to Green Bay. Brian Hoyer throwing for almost 1400 yards in just over four games while struggling to get over 17 points was not one of them.
20 penalties for 167 yards...in the last two weeks.
No talent...No discipline...No Locker Room Celebrations.
Speaking of penalties...it is now 45 of them in six games for a whopping 357 yards pretty evenly split between the offense and the defense. Combine that with giving up fourth quarter leads and this serious lack of production in the red zone...you have to look at the coaches.
I will take a lot of heat for this, but Loggains is a pretty decent play caller. Needs to be more aggressive when it really counts, but he is running a Shanahan Lite Offense pretty well considering the complete lack of talent he has to work with. If Cameron Meredith is on pace for a thousand receiving yards, you are doing something right. Now just finish the job in the Red Zone and the offense looks more like a strength than the weakness it was assumed it would be with so many changing pieces and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.257792
Retrieved Text: The Guilford College football team came away with a Senior Day upset victory over Washington and Lee University (5-2, 3-2 Old Dominion Athletic Conference) on Oct. 27.
The defense held the Generals to only a field goal and the offense poured in 40 points.
It was a complete shift from last season, where Guilford lost 47-26 and allowed 558 yards of total offense.
This time, Guilford held Washington and Lee to 183 yards of total offense and did not allow a touchdown. The Generals did not score until 6:40 left in the game when sophomore place kicker Jarrett Wright made a 28-yard field goal.
The Guilford offense started with Bell scoring from one-yard out. Bell then got a 42-yard score to end the first quarter with a 14-0 lead. The offense kept on putting up points while the defense stifled the Generals’ offense.
“We held the ball, we took it away from their offense, we put drives together and that’s really how you beat that team,” said sophomore quarterback Alex Manley.
The Guilford defense had struggled in the past when facing a triple-option offense. They allowed 91 points to Davidson College earlier this year and allowed 47 points to Washington and Lee last year. This game, the Quakers had some in the right position every play, forcing five turnovers as well as stopping the Generals from converting on fourth down three times.
“Confidence and playing assignment football, that’s all you got to do against a team like that and they learned a lot from the Davidson game and they came back and performed

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.134853
Retrieved Text: While the two teams were only separated by two touchdowns, Georgia held a 35-7 lead in the fourth quarter before pulling its starters. Against the Georgia second-stringers, the Ragin’ Cajuns were able to put up 14 points on consecutive drives.
McKenzie: Georgia’s smallest offensive contributor was huge once again. His punt return touchdown set a program record with five of those in his career, passing Buzy Rosenberg. He also has the total return touchdown record with six, passing Brandon Boykin. McKenzie finished with 32 receiving yards as well.
Chubb: Part of Chubb’s rushing total included carries that went for 32 and 35 yards. He was able to find quite a bit of running room on the edges again. Chubb also added a 49-yard receiving touchdown in the fourth quarter.
Reggie Carter: The Georgia inside linebacker totaled six tackles and forced a fumble in the second quarter that was recovered by teammate Lorenzo Carter.
Georgia’s third-quarter score from Chubb put the Bulldogs in position to roll. The defense played better ball in the second half than it did in the opening two quarters.
Not dominant, but decisive: Georgia didn’t put in a dominant performance against Louisiana-Lafayette. But it was one that was good enough to come away with a decisive victory over a mid-major opponent. Georgia was able to put up 400 total yards but wasn’t able to put together the kind of consistent drives it would have liked. Conversely, the Ragin’ Cajuns racked up 465 total yards, with a huge chunk of those coming late in the fourth quarter.
Offensive line holds

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.02454
Retrieved Text: The Houston Texans and New England Patriots will wrap up Week 14 in the NFL when two of the AFCâs top teams meet up tonight at 8:30 p.m. ET on ESPN. The Texans (11-1) currently lead the Patriots (9-3) and the rest of the conference in the quest for home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. Besides trying to gain ground on the Texans for that coveted top seed, the Patriots would like nothing more than to send a signal to the visiting team that they are the ones who currently wear the AFC crown. This is especially the case considering itâs entirely possible these two teams will meet up with another a little later on, say on Jan. 20 in the AFC Championship Game?
Houstonâs offense is fifth in the league with 389.6 yards per game and they are second only to New England in points per game with 29.3. The Texans rely more on the run than any other team, as they lead in rushing attempts (413) and are sixth in yards (142.5) per game. Arian Foster leads all players in carries (283), is fifth in yards with 1,102, and leads the NFL with 15 total touchdowns (13 rush, 2 pass). The Texansâ offense is not one-dimensional by any stretch, however, as quarterback Matt Schaub is responsible for leading the leagueâs 10th-ranked passing attack. The Texans are averaging more than 247 yards passing per game, as Schaub has thrown for 3,062 yards with 21 touchdowns and 10 interceptions. Schaubâs favorite target is wide receiver Andre Johnson, who

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.00278
Retrieved Text: You have been awoken in an island full of people. A voice has been greeting your mind to certain information.
"All of these people surrounding you are jokers. I am a knight. You don't belong here, and I will help you get back to your world and your memory will return." said the voice.
Upon exploration, you find a secret underground basement, leading to 5 different portals. With knowledge, the voice tells you that one of these is the portal to your world.
You ask a random group of people about the basement. They respond with simple sentences.
Person 1: Person 2 is not lying.
Person 2: Person 3 is lying.
Person 3: Person 4, 5 and 7 tell the truth.
Person 4: The first portal leads to your world.
Person 5: Person 6 is lying.
Person 6: The third portal leads to your world.
Person 7: The fourth portal leads to your world.
Person 8: Only four of us are speaking the truth.
The voice in your mind tells you that Person 1 and Person 8 are speaking the truth.
Determine all of the people who are lying.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.954178
Retrieved Text: Arizona State scored 20 unanswered points to beat the Arizona Wildcats 41-40 in the Territorial Cup on Saturday at Arizona Stadium.
Arizona State (7-5, 5-4) started its rally with Manny Wilkins’ 11-yard touchdown run and 2-point conversion. Aashari Crosswell’s interception return to Arizona’s 22-yard line set up Brandon Ruiz’s 39-yard field goal, then the Sun Devils recovered J.J. Taylor’s fumble at Arizona’s 22-yard line.
Wilkins threw for 265 yards and a TD for the Sun Devils, who denied Arizona’s bid to become bowl eligible in coach Kevin Sumlin’s first season.
Given new life and momentum, ASU drove 80 yards for a touchdown with Manny Wilkins running in untouched from 11 yards out. Wilkins then bought time on a two-point PAT try before lobbing a complete pass to tight end Tommy Hudson.
Before the TD play, ASU gained 16, 23 and 17 yards on consecutive passes.
Arizona leads 40-32 at 6:36 fourth quarter.
Arizona went into clock-eating mode, picking up one first down but not a second and punting back to ASU.
The Wildcats lead 40-24 at 9:01 fourth quarter.
ASU, trailing by three possessions, took a 27-yard field goal from Brandon Ruiz after failing to get into the end zone once reaching Arizona's 4-yard line.
It's still a long ways back for the Sun Devils, down 40-24 at 13:05 fourth quarter.
ASU quarterback Manny Wilkins converted on a fourth-and-8 with a 13-yard run on the final play of the third quarter.
The Sun Devils start the fourth with first down on the UA 23-yard line, trailing 40-21.
Arizona leads 446-280 in total yards, 236-191 in passing and 210-89

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.881989
Retrieved Text: DARTMOUTH, Mass. — Delaware Valley University senior quarterback Dashawn Darden threw four touchdowns passes as the No. 23 Aggies bounced back from a rare season-opening loss to defeat host University of Massachusetts Dartmouth 52-21.
DelVal, an NCAA quarterfinalist a season ago, dropped a 34-10 decision at No. 9 Wesley College on August 31. Eight days later, the team’s first trip to Massachusetts was a triumphant one as the Aggies scored on their first three drives of the game for a 17-0 lead and never looked back. They led 31-7 at halftime and upped the advantage to 45-7 before the Corsairs (1-1) scored two more touchdowns in the fourth quarter.
Darden completed 11 of 20 passes for 207 yards and scoring strikes of 29, 47, 7 and 25 yards. In the process, he moved into fourth place on the school’s all-time list with 5,313 passing yards and upped his passing touchdown total to 60 (one shy of tying for third).
DelVal took the opening kickoff and quickly went 75 yards on just three plays. Following a one-yard run on first down, Donte Simmons took a handoff and sprinted 45 yards to the UMass Dartmouth 29. On the next play, Darden found tight end Dan Allen for the touchdown. Nick Restaino added the extra-point for the 7-0 lead just 80 seconds in.
The Corsairs went three-and-out and the Aggies took over at midfield. They drove to the 17-yard line and Restaino booted a 34-yard field goal for a 10-0 advantage with 10:19 left in the quarter. Three minutes later, it was 17-0

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.869354
Retrieved Text: Series History: WPI holds a 3-0 record over the Mariners including a 45-0 victory in last year's meeting.
Last Meeting: Maine Maritime Academy football fell to WPI 45-0 last season in NEWMAC play.
The Mariners totaled 214 yards of offense, including 115 passing yards.
The Engineers scored twice in the first quarter and once in the second quarter to take 21-0 lead into halftime. WPI added three scores in the third quarter and a touchdown in the fourth to claim the 45-0 victory.
Corey Creeger led the Mariner offense with 115 passing yards on six completions and 27 rushing yards. James Ferrar led the Mariners with 46 rushing yards on 12 carriers, to surpass 2,500 career-rushing yards. Dominic Casale led Maine Maritime's receivers with 39 yards on two catches.
Derek Breunig led all players with 11 tackles, including nine solo stops, two quarterback hurries and a broken up. John Bennett chipped in with 10 tackles (8 solo) and an interception return of 15 yards.
Sean McAllen led WPI's offense with 182 yards on 23 carries and a pair of touchdowns, while quarterback Blake Rice accumulated 98 passing yards on 12 completions and two touchdowns and Alex Domon pulled down three catches for 25 yards and a touchdown to lead the receivers.
Sam Malafronte led the Engineers with nine tackles including five solo stops and Sam Casey contributed eight tackles, including seven solo.
Maine Maritime Academy's Last Game: Maine Maritime Academy football fell to the United States Merchant Marine Academy, 35-14 last Saturday afternoon, in the NEWMAC opener for both teams at Brooks Stadium.
Both teams

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.8299
Retrieved Text: Kerwin Roach II found himself in a familiar position.
In 17 games last season, the senior guard and the Longhorns had competed in close games that went to the final minute.
So with the Longhorns needing a basket in the final seconds, they turned to their leader who had prepared for this moment before. Following an Arkansas’ missed free throw with ten seconds left, Roach called for the ball. He dribbled up the court, juked a defender to his left just past the half-court line and rolled to his right off a pick set by forward Jericho Sims. He gathered himself just a few feet behind the three point arc and launched a shot into the air.
With one second left, the ball swished through the net, sending the Longhorns to overtime, where they escaped Arkansas to prevail in a 73-71 victory at Fort Bliss in El Paso.
It was a welcomed victory for the Longhorns, who struggled on the offensive end throughout much of the second half. On three separate occasions in the second period, Texas failed to score a basket for nearly two minutes.
During a timeout, Smart warned his players that they needed to relax on that end of the floor.
The Longhorns led the game for most of the evening. After falling behind in the opening minutes, the Texas offense finally found an open, free-flowing style it lacked in its opening night victory against Eastern Illinois.
That style paid off five minutes into the game. Finding quality looks through excellent passing, the Longhorns drilled four three-pointers in the span

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.73747
Retrieved Text: Carrera spoke similarly early in the season when Vista del Lago lost to Wood 63-49, Ponderosa 43-42 and Sacramento 31-25. Then he started to get the ball in bunches. He went for 216 yards and four scores to help defeat Bradshaw Christian 56-42, 211 yards and six scores in a 62-51 win over Placer, and 291 yards and five touchdowns to help beat El Camino 53-28.
For the season, Carrera has rushed for 823 yards and 17 touchdowns.
“It feels great, and I get the ball and run as hard as I can, trusting my line, which has been great, just killing it,” Carrera said. “This has been a dream. I love my teammates, my other family.
Horn has embraced that attitude, rising at 5 a.m. for workouts. He had two catches – both touchdowns – for 147 yards in a 21-16 loss to Pleasant Valley of Chico. He had 101 receiving yards and a score against Inderkum. And Horn had the best receiving game in Honkers history last Friday with 11 catches for 309 yards and two scores. That’s the second-best effort in Sac-Joaquin Section history behind the Damen Wheeler’s state-record 380 receiving yards for Sacramento High in last season’s playoffs.
Brian Brown, a Bee All-Metro wide receiver in the 1980s who set a number of school records, is considered the greatest player in Yuba City lore, but he never went for 300 yards. Horn knows him well.
Horn also plays defense, punts and plays on every other special team. He returned two of his six interceptions for touchdowns in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.722761
Retrieved Text: Kill: A kill is awarded to a player any time an attack is unreturnable by the opposition and is a direct cause of the opponent not returning the ball or any time the attack leads directly to a blocking error by the opposition. A kill leads directly to either a point or side-out. When a player is awarded a kill, the player also is awarded and attack attempt.
Assist: A player is awarded an assist whenever that player passes, sets or digs the ball to a teammate who attacks the ball for a kill. There are three possible outcomes of a ball that is being set.
A zero assist. This occurs when a ball that is set does not lead directly to a kill or side-out.
Dig: A dig is awarded when a player passes the ball that has been attacked by the opposition. Digs only are given when players receive an attacked ball and it is kept in play. That does not include passing a free ball or passing a serve. Only passing an attacked ball and keeping it in play is a dig.
If the serve strikes the opponents court untouched.
If the serve is touched by the opponent, but can not be kept in play.
If the official calls a violation on the receiver, ie, a lift.
If the receiving team is out of rotation, ie, overlap.
Block: A block is awarded when a player(s) blocks the ball into the opponent's court leading directly to a point or side out. There are three possible outcomes when a player(s) is blocking.
The player(s)

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.721733
Retrieved Text: The Baltimore Brigade beat the Philadelphia Soul, 57-45, Sunday night in the first meeting of a two-game semifinal series. Brigade quarterback Randy Hippeard was named the game’s Most Valuable Player after throwing for 212 yards and seven total touchdowns (six passing, one rushing). Brigade defensive back Joe Powell was named Defensive Player of the Game, totaling 5.5 tackles and one interception.
The Brigade hold a 12-point advantage heading into the second weekend of the AFL postseason. Baltimore hosts Game 2 of the semifinal series, determined by aggregate scoring, against Philadelphia next Friday, July 20 at 7 p.m. at Royal Farms Arena. The game will be broadcast nationally on CBS Sports Network.
Baltimore raced out to a 27-0 lead in their second postseason game in team history. Hippeard accounted for all four touchdowns in the Baltimore run, including a 36-yarder to wideout Brandon Collins on the game’s opening possession. Philadelphia turned the ball over on downs on their first possession, threw an interception on their second and lost possession on a bar ball midway through the second quarter. Baltimore’s offense, which found the end zone on its first four drives, spread the ball around the field. Hippeard threw three touchdowns to three different receivers (Collins, Demetres Stephens, Brandon Thompkins) and scored another touchdown on the ground. Philadelphia ended the Brigade scoring run with just two seconds left in the first half when quarterback Dan Raudabaugh found wideout Darius Prince, who leads the league in receptions, for a six-yard touchdown pass. Baltimore led, 27-7, at halftime.
Philadelphia worked the deficit down

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.705137
Retrieved Text: Arizona State gave up momentum late in the second quarter by passing on a short field goal and never regained it in a 28-21 loss at San Diego State.
Sep 15, 2018: San Diego State Aztecs safety Parker Baldwin (33) bats the ball down on the last play of the game against the Arizona State Sun Devils at SDCCU Stadium.
No. 25 Arizona State gave up momentum late in the second quarter Saturday night by passing on a short field goal to potentially lead by two possessions at halftime and never regained it in a 28-21 loss at San Diego State.
Energized by a sack of quarterback Manny Wilkins on fourth-and-1 at the 11-yard line, the Aztecs drove 85 yards to pull even at 14 at halftime at SDCCU Stadium.
They scored the first six points of the second half on two field goals, one of 54 yards by John Baron (second-longest in San Diego State history) and seemingly put the game away with a 3-yard touchdown with 4:14 remaining.
ASU added a late touchdown to N'Keal Harry with just under two minutes left before a failed onside kick. The Sun Devils recovered a fumble with 51 seconds remaining and drove down the field before a catch at the goal line was overturned by replay. Manny Wilkins' Hail Mary was swatted down to end the game.
For San Diego State, it was the second win in as many years over ASU (30-20 in 2017 in Tempe).
San Diego State’s offensive line wore ASU down with Juwan Washington rushing for 138 yards and backup

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.67151
Retrieved Text: Four first half goals saw Three Rock Rovers win their first Irish Junior Cup title since 1998, the one trophy that has eluded their second string for the past five years.
They had fallen to two final defeats in that time but they got off to a flying start in their decider at Grange Road against Instonians and held firm in the second half.
It followed a fine run in the competition, winning away at Pembroke, Banbridge and Monkstown to earn their place in the decider.
Peter Blakeney’s early shot led to a corner which he dragged home himself, continuing his run of goals in major finals having previously netted in EY Champions Trophy and Irish Senior Cup final victories.
Inst were holding most of the ball during this time but Rovers were ruthless on the break and scored with virtually every one of their meaningful attacks.
One became two via teenager Luke Adams as turnover ball was quickly turned from defence into a shooting opportunity after a slick passing move rolling up three quarters of the pitch which he duly roofed by Finlay Marney from Calum Adair’s cross.
The third was also a beautiful team goal with Ali Empey laying the ball into the path Dave Storey who was barreling forward on the overlap down the right having initially started the move 80 metres earlier.
He slapped across to Evan Jennings who deflected in for 3-0. Empey was one of two sons of the class of 98 in the side, his father Kevin captain back then in a side that also featured

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.668655
Retrieved Text: Traditionally, bad teams throw the ball more than good teams. It might seem a bit odd considering the success that pass-heavy teams have had in the last decade, but good teams with pass-oriented offenses tend to build big leads and thus run the ball more in the 2nd half to chew up clock. Conversely, bad teams might be run-oriented but end up throwing a lot more than they run since they are playing from behind so frequently. The 2007 Patriots are a great example of this. Tom Brady, Randy Moss and company are remembered for a high-octane passing attack. However, you might be surprised to know that they threw the ball less than 1% more than league average. Over the course of the year, the Patriots called a pass play 57.4% of the time. League average in 2007 was 56.5%.
2011 could have been that year, it had the 2nd smallest difference between playoff team pass % and league average – despite the 3 most run heavy teams in the league all making the playoffs. In fact, those three teams (San Francisco, Houston, Denver) are the only three teams who ran more than they passed.
It looks like 2012 could be the first year in NFL history where playoff teams pass more frequently than non-playoff teams. Although, as you’ll notice in that graph, every time it gets close to happening, the playoff teams start to a bit more towards the run for a few years.
At his current pace, Welker will end up with 120 catches for 1662 yards.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.659983
Retrieved Text: INDIANAPOLIS – This class looks significantly different than it did a year ago. Westfield, last year’s 5A state champion, is now in 6A. Last year’s 4A state champion, Roncalli, is now in 5A. And Cathedral has returned to 5A after two years in 6A.
Zionsville (6-6): The Eagles rebounded from an up-and-down regular season to win the sectional and give Columbus East a battle in the regional. Pat Echeverria’s team should be improved this season, especially on defense. The offensive is strong at the skill positions with senior quarterback Andrew Broecker (842 passing yards) and senior receivers Tommy Fossett (47 catches, 679 yards) and Sam Edgell (27 catches, 292 yards) returning.
New Palestine (9-1): The Dragons have won all 36 regular-season games in Kyle Ralph’s four seasons. Junior Zach Neligh takes over as the starting quarterback and will be joined by senior running back Josh Glover, junior receiver Colby Jenkins (322 receiving yards, four TDs) and junior lineman Austin Keele. Junior linebackers C.J. Faubion (84 tackles, five sacks) and Luke Ely (85 tackles) and senior linemen Landan Burton and Logan Robinson lead the defense.
Greenfield-Central (6-5): Adam Sherman led the Cougars to their first winning record in five years in his first season. Senior quarterback Andrew Leslie (725 passing yards) and senior receiver Orlando Mojica (456 receiving yards) return on offense. Senior free safety Chase Ratliff (61 tackles) and senior linebacker Kyle Morris (58 tackles) lead the defense. The program has not won a sectional title since 1975.
Cathedral (7-5): After two years in 6A, Cathedral is back in 5A.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.639286
Retrieved Text: Ireland earned a winning draw ahead of Austria to ensure they will top Pool A at the end of Day 2 of the Hockey World League Round 2 after normal time had ended 1-1 against Austria.
Austria proved a much sterner test than Saturday’s encounter against Ukraine, employing a compact, man-to-man defence that left Ireland with plenty of ball but often not in the most dangerous areas.
Nonetheless, Matthew Nelson’s third minute goal had Ireland in for nearly 90% of the game before they succumbed to a penalty corner goal from Dominic Uher inside the last two minutes.
Nelson’s goal was a powerful effort, grabbing the ball and shooting home from Chris Cargo’s cross from the right wing. After that, there were tidy incisions from Jonny McKee and Nelson along with one corner which was charged down.
The second quarter, though, saw the tempo slow dramatically with chances at a premium. Austria won one corner which Bernhard Schmidt saw guided away by the post-defender. Matthew Bell’s cross-field overhead to Shane O’Donoghue was the pick of Ireland’s attacks but his reverse went off target.
Precious little goal-mouth incident came in the third quarter, leaving the narrow gap between the sides to continue deep into the game. Jonny Bell’s excellent overlap almost yielded a second goal but his cross was stood on by McKee at close quarters.
It left Ireland susceptible to one last attack, especially when Lee Cole was sin-binned and a ball down the line was mis-trapped, allowing Schmidt to break in and win a corner. He dragged and Uher was credited

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.618748
Retrieved Text: Fresh off their most promising showing of the season, Steven Jackson and the St. Louis Rams welcome one of the league's best teams into the Edward Jones Dome this Sunday.
The Rams host the undefeated Indianapolis Colts this weekend looking to send shockwaves through the NFL with a victory.
The Colts come off of their bye week well-rested and will send the NFL's seventh ranked defense at No. 39 this weekend. The Colts allow less than 300 yards per game and just a shade over 14 points per contest. They have allowed only one running back to top 100 yards on the ground this season, Miami Dolphins runner Ronnie Brown.
Steven will look to duplicate the feats of Brown, who also rushed for two touchdowns against the Colts in Week 2. Colts coach Jim Caldwell spoke with reporters this week about the task his defense faces in trying to tame S-Jax.
"Steven Jackson is as big and fine a running back as you'll see. He's one of those rare guys that because of his size and power that you anticipate all he's going to do is run over a guy. He can overpower you but also make you miss. He runs the ball effectively. He catches the ball. He blocks well. You name it, he can do it," the Indianapolis coach told the Tribune Star."
With 501 yards rushing, Steven remains the fourth ranked rusher in the NFL. He's tied for second in the league in carries with 120.
But Steven is also one of St. Louis' most often featured targets in

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A woman is sitting at a table in a fast food restaurant while eating. She continually speaks to nobody as she eats. she... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is then seen sitting alone as she eats a cold brown ice cream.

Ending 2: pauses in the process of eating to enjoy her food.

Ending 3: stands up and grabs her purse, continuing to talk and laugh as she leaves.

Ending 4: picks up another chocolate bar and chews it as she talks.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.74154
Retrieved Text: hd00:09Shallow depth of field, closeup shot of a Delicious, Buttery, Cheesy Deep Dish Pizza!
4k00:20Cheese Balls Chips rotation. Close up Cheesy Puffs Snack Food Rotating. Macro american cheese ball 4k video. Drink and food background. food texture. fast food concept full hd with copy space.
4k00:30Delicious cheesy italian pizza served on blue stone table with ingredients around. Shot from side.
4k00:1180s 90s cell phone being used by a young adult.
hd00:28Potato and cheese sticks on a baking tray. Lubricate with vegetable oil.
4k00:05Taking the cover off of a frying pan to reveal cheesy eggs before a utensil starts to pull some up.
4k00:15Man eating cheesy calzone lunch at table in daylight after dipping food in marinara sauce.
4k00:12Young happy brunette woman winking, brick wall on background. Portrait of attractive young Asian woman winking and smiling. Concept of cute and cheesy little smile and a wink.
4k00:11Female Hand Holding A Slice Of Cheesy Vegan Pizza. Closeup.
4k00:12Tasty Pizza, and ingredients on background.
hd00:09Fun transition/celebration effect. Contains 4 anims: stars, hearts, flowers, clovers. This anim is perfect for games, apps, commercials, and marketing presentations. Transparency is embedded in video.
4k00:18a vegetarian pizza tortilla with double mozzarella, philadelphia cheese, fresh tomato, onion, corn, mushrooms, cabbage, carrot, peppers.
4k00:30Delicious cheesy italian pizza served on white rustic wooden table with ingredients around. Shot from above.
4k00:30Delicious cheesy italian pizza served on blue stone table with ingredients around. Shot from above.
hd00:39Closeup view of white little kid eating pizza at fastfood restaurant. Real time full hd video footage.
4k00:17Closeup of cook chef putting mozzarella cheese on a Margherita pizza in a pizzeria restaurant or in kitchen at

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.896267
Retrieved Text: Prosecutors on Tuesday filed charges against a 53-year-old man who police said pulled down his pants and began masturbating in front of patrons who were eating inside a Carl’s Jr. restaurant in Glendale.
Julius Streator was charged with indecent exposure for the incident, which occurred Saturday at the fast-food restaurant in the 400 block of West Los Feliz Road, according to a Los Angeles County Superior Court criminal complaint.
He was reportedly sitting at table at 11:47 a.m. inside the restaurant, when he pulled down his pants and began touching himself for several minutes while patrons sat in tables nearby, according to Glendale police spokeswoman Tahnee Lightfoot.
One witness reportedly only saw Streator pull down his pants and expose his boxers, she added.
A 46-year-old Los Angeles man, who police didn’t identify, was inside the restaurant and was “extremely offended” by Streator’s behavior because children and adults were present, Lightfoot said.
He complained to restaurant management, who called police. But by the time they arrived, Streator had already exited the restaurant.
Hours later, Streator returned to the restaurant, where he was placed under citizen’s arrest and immediately taken into custody by officers.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.611923
Retrieved Text: Colour footage of a medieval type restaurant. London.
M/S of London wall of which restaurant is built over. L/S interior, restaurant with people seated eating. C/U waitress putting napkin round man's front. L/S people sitting down. C/U of candle burning. M/S of man playing lute. L/S waitresses serving people at table with soup. Soup being poured from jugs into wooden bowls. M/S pan to man passing bowl of soup to another man. L/S table with people seated.
M/S man dressed in Roman clothes passing bread to people sitting at table. C/U bread being broken. M/S another man breaking bread and handing it to woman. C/U woman and man drinking from soup bowls. C/U wine poured into small goblet. C/U pan up to waitress. L/S looking down table and people eating and drinking. Pan to man eating meat with dagger. C/U of chicken in dish. Pan up to waitress putting potatoes on dish with chicken already on it. L/S looking along table as woman sticks dagger in Barbican rib.
C/U woman cutting up rib with her dagger and eating off the dagger. More shots of people eating. C/U of drink being poured into goblet from jug. L/S people eating. Man playing lute in picture. C/U bowl of chicken legs. Several shots o people eating. M/S of two men dressed in Roman clothes. One of the men walks away. The other doubles up and falls onto floor unconscious.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.37741
Retrieved Text: the woman stands in the darkness outside the restaurant and looks down the street and across the extensive roadworks. she is crying. the woman is crying. she looks down into the dark town into the dark town centre she looks down at the main square of her town late at night. she looks down at the main square and sees nobody the woman sees nobody. she sees no human being. the woman cries looks at the roadworks and at the town centre and sees no human being. there is no-one there no man there no woman. they are all gone disappeared there is no-one. crying the woman sees no human being. crying she stands outside the restaurant looks into the dark town and sees no human being. she stands and cries. the woman stands there crying. in the darkness late at night the woman stands outside the restaurant looks across the building site at the central square in her town and cries. there is no-one, no man no woman no-one. late at night the woman stands outside the restaurant looks down at the roadworks at the main square of her town and cries. here there is no-one any more. she thinks of her friends now no longer her friends recognizes her lack of friends recognition all of a sudden: me just me. there is no man no woman no man they are all gone there is nobody no man no woman nobody. the woman walks. she walks past the roadworks down to the main square and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.31342
Retrieved Text: Standing up to eat could make you fat.
That's what nutritionists and doctors say about eating big meals upright — that shameless habit you have of feasting on takeout over your kitchen counter, or at trendy new standing-only restaurants.
At Ikinari Steak, a Japanese joint that opened its first U.S. location in the East Village last week, customers eat the steakhouse's grub standing up.
But you may want to think twice about trying it out.
"Eating while standing up allows people to continue to eat and drink because you're able to digest faster so you consume more," says Dr. Prem Chattoo, a New York-based Gastroenterologist.
"It'll eventually cause weight gain."
At Ikinari, diners order thick slabs of meat like ribeye and filet mignon at a counter and dig in while standing at high top tables. Meals last around 30 minutes, and you don't feel full like you would after leaving Peter Luger.
"You can eat a lot because your stomach is not bent," Ikinari owner Kunio Ichinose tells the Daily News through a translator.
Thank gravity. It helps you digest faster and even reduces acid reflux pain because it's keeping the acid where it should be, down in the stomach. Standing can also burn around 50 calories in an hour compared to sitting down. So short-term-wise, it's not so bad.
"For one night it would probably be beneficial. You're not going to feel that heavy steak in your stomach, but it's not something people should do for every meal," advises Chattoo, who says liquid meals, like soups and juices, are fine to eat upright.
The concept,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.88376
Retrieved Text: Eating out alone can sometimes be uncomfortable. You may have this feeling because you are alone as you have no one to talk or chat with. Hence, it might take a bit of bravery.
Jumia Food highlight some tips to help your next adventure for solo dining.
While it seems quite luxurious to have someone bring food to your room, it can be quite lonely. It’s also easy to indulge in larger portions when you’re in solitude.
Sitting at the bar of a hotel or restaurant, you might find other people to chat with. At a hotel, you’ll likely find the company of other travellers while at a restaurant you might strike up conversations with locals. In either case, it’s an excellent way for eating alone.
When presented with the prospect of eating alone, many people are not thorough in choosing a restaurant. There’s no way you’re going to enjoy eating solo if you visit a restaurant you don't really like.
Regardless of the fact that you turn up solo at a restaurant, try to dine a little before or after peak time. Because at peak times, the restaurant will definitely be filled out as such, it may be unable to cope.
If the table has already been set for two people then ask the waiter to take away the rest of the cutlery. It may mean the table looks a little bare but it’s better than people thinking you’re waiting for someone and been stood up.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.404396
Retrieved Text: Have you wondered if you could take a toddler to a restaurant and have a good time without relying on an iPad for entertainment? This is absolutely possible as long as you have the right expectations, a sense of humor, and a desire to build family memories. In the “old” days when our kids were toddlers, there were no iPads or smart phones so we thought we’d share some ideas to keep your toddler engaged in a restaurant.
Before we go further, understand this: when you go to a restaurant with your toddler(s), you are “going out to eat,” NOT “going dining.” Always have the back-up plan that at any time, if needed, you will convert the entire meal to “take out” status. As long as you accept this backup plan, you are set. Take a look at restaurant coupons to see if you could save at your local restaurants; making it even more manageable.
Choose the restaurant wisely. You do not have to eat junk food or “fast” food. Many restaurants with really yummy and nutritious cooking can work for families with toddlers. An important feature to look for: the restaurant offers high chairs or booster seats. If it does, you can infer that the restaurant is “toddler friendly.” Without this attribute, attempt to eat at this restaurant at your own risk and don’t say we didn’t warn you! In addition, find out if the service is fast or slow. Even some “family friendly” restaurants have slow service- this is asking for trouble. Avoid these establishments.
Set the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.388256
Retrieved Text: Sunday: 12:00 - 14:30 & 17:30 - 20:30.
We enjoyed our meal at the Station Smokehouse. The food was well cooked and the service was very good.
Offering a range of dishes including ribs, wings, steaks and burgers, The Station boasts its own American smoker which cooks cooks the meat low and slow over several hours until perfection. Opposite the rail station and a 10-minute walk from the town centre, The Station is also home to a large beer garden and a wide range of beers and cocktails.
Distinctly average! The atmosphere was lacking, the food was poor - dry and expensive!
Very nice food, little on the pricey side for what it is but was lovely food for a table of 6. service was slow ish for the amount in the restaurant.
Awful service awful food. Group of four went for a birthday meal only three people had a meal. Sent food back three times as it was wrong. Then asked for something different altogether and they never had any left so told not to bother I'll just the others eat. Not a busy evening but nobody wanted to clear plates ask about dessert, bring dessert or even bring the bill. Extremely disappointed birthday meal. Not sure if I'd try there again for a meal.
The restaurant is beautifully decorated with an eclectic mix of industrial and train nostalgia. Excellent first impression. We arrived early of our reservation but were quickly seated. Drinks were ordered upon sitting down and brought quickly back to our table. We ordered our food, deciding on

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.98898
Retrieved Text: London is an extremely fast-paced city and sometimes simply finding the time to eat can be a struggle. Whilst there are plenty of fast food restaurants and quick take-outs for solo dining, sometimes after a long day and nothing but boring sandwiches, all you want is something good to eat; without having to cook it yourself that is.
Well, throughout London there are plenty of places that trade the traditional four-man table for a communal counter or window seat, perfect for solo dining, while also offering quick service for those who haven’t the time to hang around.
Maybe you’ve worked up an appetite post business meeting or you have a few hours to kill before the next train; these top five locations for the solo diner will be your evening saviour.
Starting big, this stunning restaurant in lavish Mayfair is simply incredible. Presenting a treat for the eyes and the taste buds, the place is a gilded paradise. With an opulent green colour scheme and hand pained chinoiserie wallpaper in the toilets, luxury spills out of the walls.
If possible, grab yourself a seat at the central, four-sided bar that sits beneath an eclectic display of brass-ceiling lamps for the best solo spot. The warmly lit area paired with the ebony worktop creates a sophisticated dining experience.
Tapas is a solo dining dream and the Barrafina bars throughout the West End are some of London’s best. The relaxed and inclusive atmosphere means that diners here will usually end up chatting to their neighbour whilst they sample the food, ideal if you

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.84628
Retrieved Text: The staff member, Autumn C according to our receipt, we felt went above and beyond to make our experience as wonderful as possible. The counter was out of lids, she noticed this and not only stocked but delivered lids to our table. Autumn also delivered our food and offered to grate fresh parmesan over our food. I was blown away by this simple touch, she delivered a smile and made sure we were well taken care of. Considering this is a restaurant that doesn't have servers, I felt as though she was one. As I'm sitting here typing this, I'm literally watching her take care of other customers and they're laughing, obviously having a good time. I hope something good happens to this employee.
Horrible customer service. I stood at the counter for a to go container and all the workers were either sitting down or standing on their phones just starring at me and no one offered help.
Welcome to Fazoli's fast, fresh, Italian restaurant in Paintsville, KY. Our Pasta and Sauces, Breadsticks and Salads are FRESHLY prepared throughout the day. Oven-Baked Dishes and ​Primo ​Submarinos® are never baked ‘til you order them! Made with 100% Real Mozzarella and Provolone, vine-ripened Tomatoes in our Authentic Marinara Sauce, plus Garden Vegetables, our food isn’t “fast food.” It’s fast, fresh, Italian!
We also offer catering Anytime. Anywhere. Any Occasion. Call (606) 789-6708 to place your order!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.73969
Retrieved Text: For many holiday travelers, a trip back to where they grew up is a chance to revisit the local haunts they spend the rest of the year craving.
A four-hour wait is nothing in the face of nostalgia. When Matt Fligiel learned in 2013 that the future of Blimpyburger was in jeopardy, he knew he had to savor one last meal at the local institution before it closed. “They said they were going to reopen, but nobody actually believed them,” said the 24-year-old native of Ann Arbor, Michigan, who now lives in Chicago. “I waited with two of my friends … on the third-to-last night to get some. We got there at 6, and we got our food at 10:30.” To his surprise, Blimpyburger did later reopen. But Fligiel, who had eaten at the spot since childhood, speaks of his quest for a final feast with a sense of duty and no regret.
Such dedication to a haunt frequented since grade school is hardly unique, particularly among those who’ve moved away from where they grew up. Despite the countless food blogs, ratings websites, and Instagram posts at diners’ fingertips, there’s not much incentive to be an adventurous eater when traveling back home for the holidays. While this season’s most elaborate rituals tend to revolve around lovingly prepared meals shared with family and friends, a trip home also offers a much-anticipated chance to visit treasured local establishments. Nostalgia and regional pride—not to mention the nature of memory itself—can make these outings feel both magical and obligatory.
For many, the ritual

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.674255
Retrieved Text: Over the years, consumers have found a plethora of things in their fast food orders that are not actual ingredients for the meals, from marijuana dusted french fries to oatmeal with a free hot water machine lever. In the most recent incident, a Kentucky woman claims she found the tip of a needle in her McDonald’s hamburger.
LEX18 reports that Lexington-Fayette County Health Department officials have opened an investigation after a woman claims she bit into a needle while eating a hamburger from the Golden Arches.
The incident occurred Monday when a couple and their grandson were visiting the restaurant for dinner.
When the grandmother bit down on the burger, she first thought she was chewing a cap. However, when she pulled the item out of her mouth, she was pricked on the finger and realized the item was a needle.
The woman notified the Lexington-Fayette County Health Department of the incident and went to the hospital where she spent several hours receiving a hepatitis B vaccination and antibiotics, the Lexington Herald Leader reports.
Local health officials confirmed that they visited the McDonald’s restaurant after learning of the incident.
“A health inspector visited the restaurant, surveyed the ingredients used to make the burger and found no evidence of contamination,” Health Department spokesperson Kevin Hall said.
The inspector tells the Herald Leader that the manufacturer lot numbers for the food products used in the burger have been sent to the Kentucky Department for Public Health for additional investigations.
A manager at the restaurant told the inspector that McDonald’s employees had no idea how the needle

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.41282
Retrieved Text: Cell phones have their place, and it isn’t at restaurant tables.
This sentence on the bottom of the menu at Wood Tavern in Oakland sums up my sentiments about cell phones in restaurants. I’m not sure why it bothers me — at Wood Tavern, it’s so noisy that you can’t overhear a conversation anyway.
Still, it irks me when I see someone sit in a restaurant and talk on the cell phone while eating. I remember being at Evvia once in Palo Alto when the woman sat there with her legs curled under her, while she nibbled on her food and her companion across the table looked on.
The worst, however, was at the old Charles Nob Hill, where I once saw a couple both talking on their cell phones through practically the entire meal.
I’m not sure why this should be annoying, but it seems to feel especially rude and anti-social in an environment that is meant to promote good times and conviviality.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.34431
Retrieved Text: Mindless eating means eating when you’re not thinking about what you’re doing. It’s plowing through a bag of snacks while watching TV, or eating because an external cue tells you to keep eating – like your plate’s not empty, or there are still more French fries in the bag. Mindless eating can add up to thousands of unfulfilling (and often unhealthy) calories each week.
Ideally, eating will always be a mindful experience. You’ll enjoy your food – you’ll savor the tastes, the textures, the smells, and the experience of eating. You’ll pay attention to how your body feels, and you’ll be aware when you’ve had enough to eat.
But we all know that we aren’t always able to do things ideally. So here are some simple ways to tweak your eating habits to avoid mindless eating.
Keep junk food out of sight. Ideally, you won’t have junk food in your house or at work. But if it’s there, at least keep it out of sight. It’s a lot easier to say ‘No’ to a cookie that’s on a high shelf in the pantry, than it is to say ‘No’ to one that’s in a clear glass jar on the countertop that you pass by dozens of times each day.
“In sight = in stomach.” We eat what we see, not what we don’t see. That being said, rearrange your cupboards, pantry, and refrigerator so the first foods you see are the healthiest for you.
Never eat from a package or a large serving dish. Portion out your food first, then put

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.966534
Retrieved Text: 4,856 stock photos, vectors, and illustrations are available royalty-free.
Homemade hot pizza with tomatoes, mozzarella and basil. Top view with copy space on wooden table.
Summer refreshing non-alcoholic cocktails. Fruit drinks. Raspberry homemade lemonade with fresh organic rosemary and lemon. On a white wooden table. Copy space.
Pedicure in beauty spa salon. Beautician polishing nails. Foot care treatment and nail, the woman at the beautician for pedicure. Close up.
Italian cloth suit, tailoring tradition, colorful fabric and tailor accesories on table.
Basket with cleaning items on blurry background white citchen. Cleaning concept. Set with copy space.
Hands with white wine toasting in garden picnic. Friends Happiness Enjoying Dinner Eating Concept.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! Happy family mother, dad and child daughter in pajamas with gift box sitting on bed at home near Christmas tree. Holidays and people concept.
Flat lay. Working place on dark table with copy space. Table with keyboard, computer, notepad, smartphone with black screen, eyeglasses and supplies. Top view of blackboard office desk.
Hands with white wine toasting over served table with food. Friends Happiness Enjoying Dinning Eating Concept.
Two glasses Wine, grapes, nuts, cheese on vineyard. Dinner, lunch, romantic date, picnic, eating on nature.
Homemade hot pizza with tomatoes, mozzarella and basil. Top view with copy space on dark stone table.
Tailor. Man Hands notch tailor tailor's scissors cloth. Close Up.
Picnic on the beach at sunset in the style of boho. Concept outdoors evening healthy meal with fruit and juice.
Beautician polishing nails, pedicure. Foot care treatment and nail, the woman at the beautician for pedicure.
Fresh delicious fruits in a wooden box on

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.781937
Retrieved Text: Photography and video making is my passion. I create videos and photos for all purposes and budgets and provide quality professional products that meet your standards & needs. I will be happy to offer you customization at reasonable prices.
Young mother and cute girl together on the kitchen close up. The kid touching and pulling mother's face with her small hands. Friendly relationship between mom and daughter. A happy family.
Portrait of mother and daughter sitting at the Easter table. Cute girl paints an Easter egg with a thin tassel. Relationship mothers and daughters. A happy family. Preparation of the Easter.
Woman and little girl holding Easter eggs and showing them to each other close up. Preparation for Easter holiday. Acrylic paint bottles on the table. Relationship mothers and daughters. Happy family.
Portrait pretty mother and cute daughter sitting at the Easter table. Cute girl paints an Easter egg with a thin tassel. Relationship mothers and daughters. A happy family. Preparation of the Easter.
Beautiful mother and cute girl together on the kitchen close up. The kid touching and pulling mother's face with her small hands. Friendly relationship between mom and daughter. A happy family.
Young mother and cute girl chatting on the kitchen. The kid touches mother's face with her small hands. Friendly relationship between mom and daughter. A happy family.
Pretty young woman and cute little daughter coloring easter eggs with colors and brush. Preparation for Easter holiday. Relationship mothers and daughters. A happy family.
Cheerful mother and daughter sitting at the Easter table. Cute girl paints an Easter egg with a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.573208
Retrieved Text: Since it’s the Easter break, we’ve been dining out a lot lately. Our latest jaunt, was at the Bayview Inn, another restaurant and hotel, along Widemouth bay, here in North Cornwall. Last time I shared about our meal at Elements, another lovely restaurant by the sea, this other one is also located on the same stretch to Bude.
As always, we went for a walk before our meal. Since we didn’t book a table (they were actually fully booked), we ended up sitting in the conservatory, which wasn’t so bad at all, because it overlooked the playground where little T happily played while waiting for our meal to be served.
And as I mentioned, since we didn’t phone in before coming, we had to order by the bar, which of course we didn’t mind at all, except when the place became so busy, you had to queue even to ask for a glass water.
The husband had their homemade fish pie with vegetables which he said was really good. I had a taste and I agree with him.
I had the Crevettes cooked in butter, served in a salad with a side dish of chips. I love seafood and I thoroughly enjoyed this.
And as usual, little T ordered their kiddie pizza. We couldn’t convince her to order something else. She did manage to eat at least half of it.
For dessert, my husband I just ordered a cappuccino each, while the little one had a dinky dessert of a brownie with ice-cream. Sorry for the lack of photos, this is why

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.297634
Retrieved Text: Whatever you do, never compare D.C. to New York in front of a Washingtonian. Adams Morgan is not a mini version of the Village, even if hip joints like Amsterdam Falafel seem to capture the same worldly vibe as a Manhattan hole in the wall.
Apparently while the owners were visiting friends in Amsterdam, they encountered many unusual fast food options. Hailing from a country where the likes of Starbucks and McDonald's are most common, the owners realized how much D.C. needed a fast food restaurant with comestibles beyond hamburgers and coffee. Their restaurant accomplishes that mission precisely. If you want a combination of delicious food and controversial art accompanied by a rocking soundtrack open at what most people consider mind-bogglingly flexible hours, then Amsterdam Falafelshop is for you. And even if you don't necessarily seek such a unique melange of characteristics in your fast food joint, you should try Amsterdam Falafelshop, anyway. Their fried, spiced chickpea patties are just that mouth-watering.
The menu is simple, straightforward, and, while not cheap, reasonably priced considering the food's high quality (about $10 per person). Your options include a fresh falafel sandwich, fries, a brownie, and a soft drink. They prepare the falafel right in front of you so you have no doubts about how long it's been sitting in the depths of the kitchen, as you might at certain other restaurants. In two to five minutes, that Middle Eastern pea baby is yours, hot and flavorful.
The true highlight of eating at Amsterdam Falafelshop, however, comes with perusing their delectable garnish

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.2859
Retrieved Text: A woman looks unrecognisable after dropping 13 stone by ditching her £50-per-day fast food addiction. Alysha McNair weighed more than 27 stone at her heaviest after her eating habits spiralled completely out of control.
The 21-year-old was consuming double the recommended daily intake for women – 2,000 calories – in just one sitting.
The result of Alysha’s massive overeating left her with a bulging waistline and a dress size XXXXL, which resulted in her being picked on by school bullies.
But Alysha, from British Columbia, Canada, decided to change her ways after realising she had just two options – change or die.
After documenting her dramatic weight loss diary online, Alysha joined her local gym and ditched the fast food.
She was eating up to five takeaways a day.
She is now learning how to become a qualified personal trainer after completing her transformation last year.
Alysha also revealed that her mother was worried she would die if she didn’t lose weight and was “over the moon” when Alysha’s diet changes started to pay off.
Army Reacts Over Report That Boko Haram Captured 5 Towns In Adamawa.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.275005
Retrieved Text: The Kentucky Senator was eating dinner with his wife at Havana Rumba in Louisville, when 4 men confronted Mitch. The main aggressor screams at McConnell, "Why don't you get out of here? Why don't you leave the entire country?"
The woman who shot the video tells us, before she started recording, the main aggressor slammed his fists down on McConnell's table, grabbed his doggie bag and threw the food out the door of the restaurant.
The woman says the main gripe seemed to be the Senator's stance on Social Security and health care. McConnell recently said entitlement programs are the main cause of massive debt. The woman says before she started shooting, the main aggressor was screaming that McConnell was killing people with his views.
McConnell kept his cool and afterward thanked some of his supporters, shaking their hands.
And there's this ... the woman who shot the video says before McConnell left there appeared to be some dispute over the bill. They talked to the waiter and restaurant manager and apparently resolved it.
Republican lawmakers have had a tough time lately at restaurants.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.169117
Retrieved Text: Going out to dinner with tweens or teenage children can be a pleasant experience if parents teach them how to behave properly in a restaurant. Children who haven’t been taught manners are likely to make the eating out experience miserable for both their family and others in the restaurant. The following offers ten examples of proper manners and restaurant etiquette.
It’s important to teach children to put away the cellphone while dining at a restaurant. It is rude to text and ignore family members who are sitting at the table. Plus, talking on the cellphone disturbs other guests.
Children must be taught not to chew with their mouths open or talk while they’re eating.
Parents should teach their children to ask for the salt, the bread and other items on the table. It’s rude to reach across someone to get an item.
Teaching children to say ‘please’ and ‘thank you’ when they speak to the server is also very important.
According to the website A Better Child teaching a teenager or tween not to comb his or her hair at the table is a basic lesson in manners. This is not only unsanitary, but it also disturbs other people dining at nearby tables.
Putting chewed gum on a plate at a restaurant is a major example of bad manners. The child should be taught to put the gum in a napkin and dispose of it in the restroom.
Teens and tweens should be taught not to put their elbows on the table while eating.
Talking in a loud voice in a restaurant is bad

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.031982
Retrieved Text: I’m often asked why I always return to Paris. I used to tell people that I go back because I like the woman I am in Paris, but now I am that woman everywhere I go, and yet I return to Paris at least three times each year. Yes, my very closest friend lives there, but I keep returning because Paris inspires and grounds me in a way nowhere else can. In Paris, I can dream without my usual restraining “commonsensical” filters. We all need inspirational spaces to work on our personal development.
If you end up in Paris, here are a couple of very special places where my inspiration and confidence have been nurtured and ideas born.
Le Fumoir in the 1st arrondissement is one of my favorites. I usually stay on the Ile de la Cite, so it is a quick walk for me across Pont Neuf. As you pass a church, you’ll approach Le Femoir and see their orange awnings and a long bank of lovely windows. I love the interiors of Le Fumoir. When you push open the doors you immediately enter one of those old Parisian bars, where people can sit, have a drink, read a newspaper or drink coffee. The leather chairs are well worn, and as you sink into the indentation of years of variously sized bums sitting in the same chair, you’ll feel like you’re in someone’s ancestral home. The bar is zinc topped with a wide array of liquors displayed in the mirrored backdrop and the bartender is usually

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.00677
Retrieved Text: Judge agreed she deserved payout - by that's life!
A woman who banged her knee against the leg of a table while sitting down to dinner has been awarded $28,000 in compensation.
Irish hairdresser Annette O'Connor was shown to her table at the Mullingar Park Hotel restaurant by a manager.
When the 48-year-old sat down, she knocked her left knee against a table leg as she pulled in her chair.
O'Connor claimed her table setting was right over the leg, which was hidden by a tablecloth.
She said the incident, which happened on Mother’s Day weekend in March 2011, had left her with injuries which affected her personal life and her job as a hairstylist.
She was awarded 20,000 Euros (28,000 AUD) after the decision to award her compensation was upheld by Ireland's high court, who ruled the accident was foreseeable.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.93375
Retrieved Text: While the fast-food industry has been a hit in some parts of the world, Mc Donald’s and other fast-food companies can witness the distinction of how French people response to their attempt to penetrate the French market.
There may be changes such as the introduction of self-service systems, more dishes to select, and an individualized choice of foods in the past few years. However, France has not succumbed to KFC and the likes. To the French people, their meal is still a very sacred part of their lives that they wouldn’t trade in for any fast-food restaurant, not even the best Tucson restaurant in Arizona or a five star restaurant. To the French, a French restaurant that doesn’t know how the French people treat their meals is not considered a French dining place.
The French people enjoy eating and socializing as the key elements during meals and which they really enjoy doing and until now is still as solid as ever. Regardless of the proliferation of fast-food outlets in France and the emergence of the younger generation who are more exposed to the culture of the other countries, the French people still eat three meals every day and at the same time, they gather around the table and do their rituals. The French gastronomy structures their daily lives and bonds their relationship with others.
The staff of a fast-food outlet in France were shocked at the way the French people have responded to their restaurant on the day of its launching. Although the restaurant was open all day as

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.871117
Retrieved Text: 4k00.16Housing agent is giving keys to buyers of new apartment, happy husband and wife are hugging and kissing, man is shaking hands with female realtor.
hd00.16Nice Caucasian couple in love hugging and turning. Young people moving to new apartment. There are unpacked things, new sofa in living room.
4k00.11Diverse Group of Friends Celebrate with a Toast and Clink Raised Glasses with Various Drinks in Celebration. Beautiful Young People Have Fun in the Stylish Bar/ Restaurant.
4k00.13Big Family Garden Party Celebration, Gathered Together at the Table Relatives and Friends, Young and Elderly are Eating, Drinking, Passing Dishes, Joking and Having Fun.
4k00.09Beautiful young woman looking at camera, closeup. Moving crowd of people blurred in motion in background. 4K UHD timelapse.
hd00.34Underwater view of happy fun loving group of friends jumping and diving into swimming pool at a pool party in summer sunny day. Slow motion.
hd00.11Silhouette of helping hand between two climber. two hikers on top of the mountain, a man helps a man to climb a sheer stone. couple hiking help each other silhouette in mountains with sunlight.
4k00.14Sitting at the Dinner Table Handsome Young Man Plays the Guitar For a Friends. Family and Friends Listening to Music at the Summer Evening Garden Party Celebration.
4k00.05Female team leader standing near table and giving direction to young creative team. Brainstorming of multiethnic group.
4k00.11Handsome young businessman doing victory dance about successful achievement. Happy male at modern trendy office.
4k00.08Top view of business team working at trendy loft office. Young mixed race group of people puts palm together on centre.
4k00.12Woman Hands Taking Photos Of Dinner Food By Smartphone.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.808105
Retrieved Text: The flowery chiffon dress left a soft warm sensation every time it touched him. He pulled her close to him, his strong hands around her soft stomach, cheek against cheek, breathing in the sweet smell of her hair; of her perfume. Then twirling her around, as she turned to face him, he gave her a hug, whispered something in her ears and both of them laughed. Rishu loved the way Mandakini’s beautiful face glowed with affection every time they were together. He held her tightly; he wouldn’t want to let go of this woman ever. She brought so much beauty to people’s lives.
As the Ali Farka Toure blues number playing loudly on the speakers gave way to a popular Hindi film song, the rest of the people took on the floor as well and followed Rishu and Mandakini’s moves. Those dancing as well as those watching were enjoying themselves. Pragya, sitting in one of the corners with the wife of somebody who was busy clicking pictures of the firang crowd, clapped her hands in rhythm, a smile perpetually on her face. “Come, dance!” someone called out to her in a high octave voice. She merely shook her head to indicate that she would shortly. She had been in Delhi for the last eight years, yet, she did not understand the city’s logic of night parties at someone’s house; flooded with people more than half of whom the host was not acquainted with. She looked around and saw that of about the fifty people present in the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.666058
Retrieved Text: #42763001 - Dinner at restaurant flat illustration. Vector eat and drink,..
#54757693 - Restaurant Table poster with different meals and free places..
#46040294 - Christmas party invitation restaurant, menu design. Vector template..
#43901522 - Business travel design concept people set planning, searching,..
#31872440 - illustration with a plate and cutlery in flat design style with..
#45834227 - A vector illustration of food of thanksgiving dinner on the table..
#42043670 - Floral Swirl Vector White 3d Christmas or Weddind Invitation..
#26195886 - vintage illustration with clock and cutlery on blackboard background..
#39377723 - People having dinner together and sharing a huge pizza with drinks,..
#61577044 - Restaurant cafe bar 4 colorful pictures square with football..
#41200459 - Cafe menu restaurant brochure. Food design template.
#35807664 - EPS8 editable vector silhouettes of people enjoying a buffet..
#42514451 - Restaurant cafe menu, template design. Food flyer.
#32731160 - Happy family having thanksgiving dinner together with mom serving..
#33309278 - Christmas restaurant and party menu, invitation.
#44895451 - A vector illustration of people having dinner in the backyard..
#88314138 - Christmas and Thanksgiving inspired winter Holiday card with..
#66110919 - Family having dinner. Chinese New Year dinner isolated.
#47864529 - Vector christmas restaurant brochure, menu design. Vector holiday..
#49038568 - People having lunch in a luxury exclusive rooftop restaurant,..
#42514478 - Restaurant cafe menu, template design. Food flyer.
#31995749 - Christmas restaurant and party menu, invitation.
#40283858 - Wine house advertisement icons composition bottle shape poster..
#42514366 - Restaurant cafe menu, template design. Food flyer.
#53221703 - Restaurant brochure vector, menu design.
#46040302 - Christmas party invitation restaurant, menu design. Vector template..
#44273845 - A woman with a plate of cooked chicken. Cooking home food retro..
#42046965

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.65838
Retrieved Text: Man walking through a busy market.
He comes to a stand occupied by an obese man eating fast food, spilling some fries on the ground. The obese man references two young men behind him. The young men are very thin and appear malnourished.
The man continues to walk through the market. The young men quickly eat the food off the ground, trying not to get caught by their 'employer'.
Farther down the market the man sees a youth sitting on the ground with a plate, begging. The man nods and says hi to a man in a black leather jacket as they pass. The man in the leather jacket grabs the arm of the begging boy, scoops the coins into his hand as drags the boy off.
Farther down the market a man in a suit talks to a well dressed woman. She looks angry. There is a sad young lady sitting in a curtained off stall. The woman accepts money from the man who is leering at the girl. The man walking through the market sees the man in the suit enter the curtained stall where the girl is, pulling the curtain closed behind him.
Open your eyes to human trafficking.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.650497
Retrieved Text: It’s been a while since I’ve posted a review with Blogging for Books. I’ve had my most recent book, It Was Me All Along by Andie Mitchell, sitting on my bookshelf almost all year. I just haven’t had time, or motivation, to pick it up until recently. When I did, I simply could not put it down.
In It Was Me All Along, Andie Mitchell tells the story of her relationship with food. From the description, it sounds like a weight loss story, but really, at its core, this book isn’t about food. This book, sometimes painful, sometimes funny, and always brutally, charmingly honest, is about Mitchell’s relationship with herself and the ways she learned to cope with an unstable childhood, an absent (though loving) mother, and an alcoholic father. The fact that her food addiction was her coping mechanism is almost beside the point.
Perhaps I see it in this light because, in spite of a few obvious differences in our childhoods, they sound alarmingly similar. Mitchell’s primary source of love, support, and stability was the food she ate: both the junk food she would binge on while sitting at home and the gourmet food her mother would make during her few hours at home between the four jobs she worked to put said food on the table. She speaks of being alarmingly obese to the point that she couldn’t find age appropriate clothes to fit her and where doctors constantly pressured her to diet (without, of course, ever giving her the tools to do so successfully).

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.53989
Retrieved Text: It was a few years back, but I recall the immediate anxiety I had when we loaded up our son to dine out for the first time as a family of three. I remember worrying about him waking up, screaming at the top of his lungs, wanting to eat, forgetting a pacifier, having a massive blowout, or even worse projectile vomiting everything in his system thanks to his horrendous acid reflux. I didn’t want to go. I just wanted to stay home and eat in the comforts of my own home, but my husband talked me into it. We went to one of my favorite restaurants and I was hoping I would be able to show my face again there in the future. My son ended up sleeping the entire time. It was a dining out miracle!
That first trip out made me overly confident. I was ready to tackle our next trip out, but unfortunately it was not as smooth. Once my son started sitting up and sitting in a high chair, it was a whole new ball game. He wanted to touch everything, put everything in his mouth, and serenade the entire restaurant. We began planning our trips out to make the experience as positive as possible. In the last five years we have had some great dining out experiences (now as a family of four!) and some not so great ones, but luckily the great outweigh the ones I’d like to forget. After lots and lots of practice and tag teaming time outs in

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A group of cheerleaders run onto a stage before a cheering audience. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: get into formation, then begin dancing and flipping as male cheerleaders join them.

Ending 2: perform a cheer routine before the girls, along with makeup artists, spread out and pose.

Ending 3: take turns jumping on each other like they are performing karate.

Ending 4: are then shown performing the type of cheerleading dance, using batons and pole vaults.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.465378
Retrieved Text: For the uninitiated, it can be difficult to understand why people love a cappella. Heck, even for those of us who do actively enjoy it, it can be difficult to put into words why we enjoy this art form so. While we’ll never have a truly comprehensive list of everything cool about a cappella, 200 Reasons to Love A Cappella is our best attempt at assembling a list of what makes it great.
There are groups who walk on stage and form arcs, or who stagger themselves across the stage, poised to key into a song’s choreography. There are those that demonstrate wonderful energy, bounding onto the stage and jumping, chest-bumping, and inspiring the crowd to start cheering before they’ve sung a single note.
And then there are those who get creative.
There’s nothing wrong with a traditional stage entrance, but there is something distinctively cool about an innovative entrance. Take The University of Rochester Midnight Ramblers’ 2005 ICCA Finals-bound set that started with members of the group clustered in quintets around the auditorium, passing the lead around as they made their way from the audience to the stage only to form an arc and launch seamlessly into their second song.
Other groups have achieved similar intrigue by starting with a small percentage of the group on stage before others join in both in music and physically, or by keying off a set with the sort of wall of sound that would traditionally mark the set’s climax.
An innovative entrance surprises and captivates the audience from the opening notes. It forces

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.116463
Retrieved Text: Community members proudly dressed in their best green and gold as they anxiously lined the streets from Lynbrook High School to Marion Street Elementary School, waiting for the district’s homecoming festivities to start on Sept. 22.
The annual parade, led by the Lynbrook High School marching band, central administrators, building principals and board of education members, showcased true Lynbrook spirit as students and faculty marched through the town, waving to residents and onlookers. Lynbrook High School’s kickline and varsity cheerleaders raised their pom-poms in the air as members of the homecoming court rode in the back of cars. Prior to the exciting day, the high school hosted their pep rally on Sept. 21 where senior Angelica Almonte was crowned homecoming queen and senior Griffin Kirby was crowned homecoming king. The freshmen, sophomore, junior and senior class also participated in the parade, cheering and marching with their creative banners.
The parade concluded at Marion Street Elementary School where the Lynbrook High School Owls prepared to play the Valley Stream South Falcons during the high school’s annual PTA Scholarship Football Game. Community members were encouraged to donate money at the entrance to help fund scholarships for the Class of 2019 as Lynbrook apparel, snacks and refreshments were sold to support the senior class and the scholarship initiative.
Before kickoff, cheerleaders, kickline members and football players from Lynbrook High School’s Class of 2019 were recognized on the field. They each walked arm and arm with their loved ones as their peers and community members cheered. This followed with a big entrance onto

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.193058
Retrieved Text: Our annual recital this year will be held at the Scottish Rite Theater in Harrisburg, PA on Saturday, June 1st, 2019 at 5pm.
From 81S- take exit 66 to Front St. and continue to follow signs for Front St. Turn left onto Division St. and then a right on to 4th St. The theater parking lot will be on your right.
From 83S- take exit 43 toward Capitol/2nd St. Turn right onto Wiconisco St. Turn left onto 4th St. The theater parking lot will be on your left.
Dancers should arrive ten minutes before they are scheduled to be on stage. They are encouraged to sit in the audience and watch until they are called up. Before/after their rehearsal parents and dancers are welcome to check out backstage and their dressing room.
8:30: All dancers will meet on stage. Some dances will be run again if needed. If a dancer does not hear their class called to run again, they are free to go. They should check with their teacher(s) if they are unsure.
9:00: Please help and clean up dressing rooms and behind the stage! We’d also like to take a picture of the whole MSOD group right after bows!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.141748
Retrieved Text: The Grady cheerleaders practice almost everyday to prepare for games.
Cheerleading is stereotyped as the popular sport that every girl wants to join, but waving pom poms and shouting at football games does not encompass the skill level that cheerleaders have to possess.
Many of the cheerleaders at Grady have been participating in the sport from a young age. Junior Skye Greene has been cheering since she was six.
These skills that the cheerleaders acquire over time help them in their strenuous practices every day. They have intense training three to five times a week that run long hours.
With all the hard work the cheerleaders put in at practice, numerous Grady students don’t even know that a competition cheer team exists.
“The sideline team is more popular just because it follows the stereotype of what cheerleading is- jumping around yelling cheers with pom poms, cheering on a football or basketball team,” Burbridge said.
However, the sideline cheer team faced some difficulties with the low attendance at varsity football games.
Because of the low attendance, many of the cheerleaders focused on the more challenging competition cheer team.
“It’s very fun to watch a routine that was put together for many girls (and sometimes boys) that have worked so hard to show just a two and a half minute routine that showcases everyone’s talent,” Burbridge said.
Although, the more advanced routines present dangerous circumstances and room for injuries.
Even with these challenges, the competition cheer team shows a different side to cheerleading.
“I love competing. I like being pushed out my comfort zone, and competing pushes me to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.87192
Retrieved Text: Since , the Cheerleaders have produced their own reality television series, Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders: The group made its sidelines debut in during the Cowboys' inaugural season. More recently, in addition to their annual swimsuit calendar, they also release an annual "sideline calendar," featuring photos of the DCC cheering and performing at Cowboys home games. Please Login or Sign Up to save your points. Beth Powers has always been a performer. The DCC releases several calendars every year.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.608551
Retrieved Text: In 1954, the Baltimore Colts Cheerleaders became the first cheerleaders in the NFL.
When the team moved to Indianapolis, they became the Indianapolis Colts Cheerleaders.
“Growing up, we looked up to those women and now, so many little girls continue to look up to these strong women who are physically fit and healthy and really take care of themselves, but also have such amazing compassion for others and have storied careers in their fields,” said Colts Owner and Vice Chair Kalen Jackson.
The Colts Cheerleaders kicked off the 2018 season by looking back on 35 seasons of Colts Cheer in Indianapolis.
Now, they’re looking forward - to the next chapter of Colts Cheer.
After celebrating 35 seasons in Indianapolis this year, the Colts Cheerleaders earlier today previewed the next chapter in the program's history, which includes a new direction, a new uniform and new opportunities for the athlete-performers in 2019.
The Colts cheerleaders are many things - they’re mothers, daughters, sisters, wives, performers, philanthropists, students, and professionals.
But there’s one job that surpasses them all.
A fun look at the Colts Cheerleaders and their career choices!
Tilley can still remember being a little girl herself, going to sporting events and watching the cheerleaders. When she followed her love of dance to the NFL, she did so with the blessing of her family. And she wants anyone who follows in her footsteps to have that same support.
Many women audition for the same reason she did, because they love to dance. What they find out is that cheering on the sideline gives them a superpower that stays

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.075375
Retrieved Text: Why He Runs… | Life... Out Loud!
If you know me even a little bit, you know my brother and sister mean the world to me. They are a couple of my biggest cheerleaders in life. As the baby of the family, there aren’t a lot of times that I have been able to pour into their lives what they have poured into mine. When the opportunities arise to support them and be their biggest cheerleaders, I go big.
From showing up to support races (here) to pre-race hype videos (there) I have lived up to my goal to be the best cheering section imaginable… Here’s another go at it!
My brother is running the Detroit Marathon… Click the link and watch his video, “Why I Run” … Help him, help others.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.759523
Retrieved Text: At UCA camp, we are taught to uphold the role of a cheerleader. The phrase “to support the school’s athletic program and community” may be ingrained into the minds of cheerleaders everywhere. This is especially important when it comes to cheering for nontraditional sports. An athletic program is composed of all sports, which may include volleyball, wrestling, soccer, hockey, and more. All of which are deserving of support and energy from their school’s cheerleaders.
Positive influences create positive results. As a cheerleader, positivity flows through cheers, dances, routines, signs other crowd engaging tactics. Every sport deserves to have the opportunity to allow the energy from a cheer squad to be a part of their game experience. It is a conscious effort from fans, players, and cheerleaders to create an energetic environment in order to produce positive results of a game.
“Just having cheerleaders at a game can change the whole atmosphere, and it can bring about more adrenaline for the players by getting the crowd involved and hype. For instance, volleyball players have explained how the cheerleaders helped drive their spirits up and play with more excitement,” said Rutgers All-Girl Cheerleader Dayna Macrina.
It’s an adjustment to get into the flow of cheering for sports other than football or basketball. Cheerleaders should rework routines and cater their skills towards the specific event. Attend these games before you perform to learn how the game goes and to scope out where your team can position themselves in the arena to have the most impact! Not only can it be a great

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.548187
Retrieved Text: The Oyster Bay High School cheerleaders will be cheering at fewer basketball games this season and taking part in tournaments.
The OBHS cheerleaders will compete in seven co-ed cheerleading tournaments.
Oyster Bay-East Norwich High School cheerleader Bianca McEvoy stood at the edge of a mat in the middle of the Theodore Roosevelt Elementary School’s gymnasium on Nov. 7, looking focused and determined. Practice was about to end, and McEvoy still needed to stick the pyramid before the clock struck 9 p.m. Taking a deep breath, she nodded at her coach, Chelsea Bressingham, who was beginning to count off the pyramid.
“Five, six, seven, eight,” Bressingham said.
McEvoy flung herself toward her teammates, executing a round-off before jumping backward and landing on her back in the arms of the other girls.
Together, the full team of cheerleaders tossed Bianca into the air, where she did a back tuck before her teammates caught her feet above their heads.
The determined look on Bianca’s face quickly transformed to a bright smile. She had stuck the pyramid. It was the last maneuver the Oyster Bay cheerleaders needed to complete before practice wrapped up for the evening.
They are determined to meet a new set of goals at each of their practices as they train to compete in seven co-ed cheerleading competitions this winter. The events will mark the first time in Oyster Bay history that the school’s cheerleaders will compete against other squads. In the past, they have performed only at football and basketball games.
Bressingham said the team would be cheering at fewer basketball games this season,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.395931
Retrieved Text: FOXBORO (CBS) — For the first time in decades, men are officially “cheering” for the Patriots.
Driss Dallahi and Steven Sonntag were just announced as members of the cheering squad for next season. They were the only two men who auditioned.
They will be the first male cheerleaders for the team since the early 80s.
They said they got the idea to audition after seeing two male cheerleaders from the Los Angeles Rams perform at the Super Bowl.
Sonntag posted on Instagram that he was “so excited” to be part of the squad, a sentiment shared by Dallahi.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.14816
Retrieved Text: This year’s Seward Seahawk cheerleading team started from scratch. Having no returning cheerleaders, and having both a varsity and JV team, they faced some challenges. However, throughout the season, they did nothing but grow in knowledge and proved that they wouldn’t let that stop them.
The cheerleaders did a few new things this year, from having a JV team, to bringing back the 3A Regional Cheerleading competition, to having to perform at state with a new set up. After taking 2nd at the Regions tournament, the team practiced through spring break while enduring injuries, sickness, and absentees. Then the Seahawks went to state and took home the gold in Division II. Going from the team with little to no experience, to stealing the show, talk about going out with a boom.
This season, there were four teams competing in the 3A Regional tournament: the Homer Mariners, the ACS Lions, the Kenai Kardinals, and your very own Seward Seahawks. Seward had a four-girl squad competing against 10-12 person squads. They received runner up to the Kenai Kardinals, and had three of the girls make all-conference team, and one received good sportsmanship. As well as, head coach Haley Hatch receiving coach of the year for the third year in a row.
They left for state Wednesday March, 20th, and while driving to the competition decided to change the stunting part of the routine. Only getting one chance to have a shaky run through before performing that night, they were a little nervous. The Seahawks were the smallest team, having only four

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.349014
Retrieved Text: Plato High School Cheerleading is a year-round sport made up of two squads of 9-20 members. There are strict guidelines to become and remain a cheerleader. Cheerleaders have many responsibilities at our school. Tryouts are held each spring for the following year. They work very hard to learn cheers that will be used to encourage the fall and winter sport teams. In the fall, PHS cheerleaders assist the Junior High cheerleaders and the pep club. In the winter, they cheer for Varsity, JV, and C (if applicable) boys’ and girls’ basketball games. Often cheering between one and four games per week, cheerleaders use their enthusiasm to lead their crowds in a positive manner.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.176699
Retrieved Text: Pictured above (left-right): (Cornerstone's) Coach Brittany, Coach Jess & Coach Tracy!
Our Office Manager, Brittany, attended National Cheerleaders Association (NCA) Cheer Camp at Husson University in Bangor, Maine from July 11-14 as a Coach with South Portland Youth Cheering (SPYC).
Brittany, along with co-coaches Tracy and Jess, spent three days with a group of 12 sixth-eighth grade cheerleaders. Each day at camp began around 7:00 a.m. with a dining hall breakfast and continued until the conclusion of each day – around 8:30 at night! The days were filled with learning new cheers, dances, stunts, jump technique and more, and worked to improve the cheerleaders overall technique in all aspects of the sport. One of team’s favorite parts of camp is learning a mini-routine – a just-under one minute long routine which is evaluated by NCA staff and performed in front of friends and family on the last day of camp.
The South Portland Youth Cheering (SPYC) campers walked away from camp with various awards, including 2nd place in the Youth Division for the Jam Competition (the team’s mini-routine performance on the final day), a Spirit Stick (a longstanding tradition where a “stick” is given to a team or teams for their teamwork, spirit and support), as well as technical excellence awards in Stunts and Motions.
This is Brittany’s second summer attending NCA Cheer Camp at Husson – and it certainly will not be her last! She is already counting down the days until SPYC’s winter competition season starts in November!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.002508
Retrieved Text: Canada's Official Super Bowl XLVI Party at the Commodore Ballroom on February 5, 2012.
The Commodore Ballroom transformed into NFL American football central for the big game.
Seattle Seahawks cheerleaders dubbed the "Sea Gals" hitting the stage for intermission cheering.
My plus one, Dennis Pang posing with the lovely cheer squad in the Bud Light Super Suite.
The floor buzzing as the New York Giants defeat the New England Patriots in a thrilling, down to the wire match up.
NFL analyst and Pro Football Hall of Famer Marcus Allen (older brother of Damon) with the gals, Vancity Buzz editor Karm Sumal, and company.
Fresh off their Rolling Stone cover, Saskatchewan rockers The Sheepdogs hitting the stage to close the Super Bowl Sunday celebration.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.819382
Retrieved Text: Super Bowl male cheerleaders, plenty of men on the field.
When Super Bowl LIII (53) kicks off Sunday night, there will be plenty of men on the field. Players for the LA Rams and New England Patriots, coaching staff, press, and cheerleaders.
If that’s a head-turning kicker then you probably didn’t know that the Rams have Quinton Peron and Napoleon Jinnies on their cheerleading squad. The guys made the squad in March 2018 and have occasionally been stirring controversy since.
Not that male cheerleaders ever caused much of a stir before—it’s long been a coed pursuit at the college level. Even former president George W. Bush was a head cheerleader in college.
Peron and Jinnies, however, are the first male cheerleaders called that in the history of the Big Game. Men who have participated as part of cheering efforts in the past were called stuntmen. These guys aren’t ringers coming in for one event; they are part of the squad, making any future Rams cheerleader calendars kind of confusing for the manly men frequenting your hometown mechanic’s garage.
There has been criticism directed at Peron and Jinnies being on the squad, but there’s more acceptance than anything.
In the end everyone will be focused on the game, as it should be. And if we’re being picky, the truth is, Quinton Peron and Napoleon Jinnies are not the first male cheerleaders to take the field in a Super Bowl.
The late, great, incredibly hairy Robin Williams did it first in 1979.
Peron and Jinnies have some big shoes to fill.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.79624
Retrieved Text: I first became aware of cheerleaders when I was in junior high school. The only requirements for achieving this envied status seemed to be that you look adorable in the short skirt, baggy sweater and saddle-shoes, and that you could jump up and down, yell a lot, and generally attract attention. I didn’t know, at the time, that cheerleaders were required to audition for the role. These were called “try-outs” and girls practiced, along with their friends, for weeks ahead of time. They hoped to land the right to hover on the sidelines at football and basketball games in their distinctive outfits in school colors, occasionally leaping up to whip the crowd into a frenzy of cheering for the home team. I only saw cheerleaders at school during all-school pep rallies, since nobody had told me about the football and basketball games, and I certainly wouldn’t have tried out for the job– being chubby, shy and uncoordinated.
By the time I got to high school, it appeared to me that, in order to be a cheerleader, you had to be popular with the other students who would be electing the members of this elite squad. It also seemed to be convenient if you had a boyfriend on one of the teams, though not a requirement. The cheerleading squad had to practice a lot of kneeling, jabbing fists into the air, leaping high with arms spread wide– all the while smiling enthusiastically and yelling out encouraging chants. They practiced these movements as rigorously as the marching band drilled

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.584824
Retrieved Text: A sea of purple came out in force on Sunday afternoon to help kick-off Storm's new season at 2017 Family Day.
Family Day kicked off at 2:30pm with Robbie Kearns and the 2017 Cheerleaders firing up the purple faithful before CEO Dave Donaghy took to the stage to welcome fans.
Storm’s 2017 playing group received a huge reception on stage as they were presented to the purple faithful with Captain Cameron Smith, Cooper Cronk and Billy Slater speaking to the fans.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.511341
Retrieved Text: Each year the Varsity and JV Cheerleaders host Cheer Camp, which is a camp held for students in the K5-6th grade. Cheer camp started last week on Monday, January 30th as well as Tuesday and Thursday. The camp leaders are composed of nine cheerleaders: Shelby Feeney, Bethany Whitman, Jennessa Sweeney, Jacqueline Sweeney, Cheyenne Munarriz, Olivia Lugibihl, Abby Hutchinson, Kaitlyn Sutton, and Anna Acklin. There was an excellent turnout of around thirty-five elementary to middle school students in attendance. During the camp, students learn cheers for their Friday night performance, play games, and learn new routines too!
Student body president and senior cheerleader Jacqueline Sweeney stated, “The whole idea of cheer camp is to teach the basics of cheer, this lets children learn a small part of cheering for Temple.” Sophomore cheerleader Bethany Whitman said, “It’s fun for them, one of the reasons I like cheering is because I saw the older cheerleaders, and I like to do the same for the younger kids, so they get a chance to cheer for Temple as I did.” Senior cheerleader Abby Hutchinson shared, “It’s fun to watch them grow as a cheerleader and getting to learn new cheers.” Sophomore cheerleader, Anna Acklin stated, “It was a good experience for me to learn from the older cheerleaders when I was younger. It is a fun experience to get to spend time with the kids because we don’t get a lot of chances to impact the elementary kids so cheer camp is a great way for us to get to do that.”

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.287392
Retrieved Text: If that’s a head-turning kicker then you definitely in all probability didn’t know that the Rams have Quinton Peron and Napoleon Jinnies on their cheerleading squad. The fellows made the squad in March 2018 and have sometimes been stirring controversy since.
Not that male cheerleaders ever precipitated a lot of a stir earlier than—it’s lengthy been a coed pursuit on the faculty degree. Even former president George W. Bush was a head cheerleader in faculty.
Peron and Jinnies, nonetheless, are the primary male cheerleaders referred to as that within the historical past of the Huge Sport. Males who’ve participated as a part of cheering efforts up to now have been referred to as stuntmen. These guys aren’t ringers coming in for one occasion; they’re a part of the squad, making any future Rams cheerleader calendars sort of complicated for the manly males frequenting your hometown mechanic’s storage.
In the long run everybody might be centered on the sport, correctly. And if we’re being choosy, the reality is, Quinton Peron and Napoleon Jinnies will not be the primary male cheerleaders to take the sector in a Tremendous Bowl.
The late, nice, extremely furry Robin Williams did it first in 1979.
Peron and Jinnies have some large sneakers to fill.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.233776
Retrieved Text: 6 Rising-Star Nigerian Artists performed a lively and energetic yet entertaining stage performances that wowed the crowd in conjunction with the 58th Nigeria Independence Day, held at AfterWerk Bar & Grill, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on October 1.
The artists line-up were Iyke Moore, Endy Blueshirt, XW, D.Policy, Mr Mac and FEB.
The event was organised by Moore Music Group with the main objectives to bring unity through music and patriotism spirit to celebrate the independence day among the fellow countryman in Malaysia.
The stage performance was kicked off by Moore Music Group founder and artist, Iyke Moore with his two hit singles, Shokolo and Wu Be Dat, followed by artist Endy Blueshirt who shake up the stage with his two songs, Badder dan Bahd and Dance.
Furthermore, the audience gathered closed to the stage to anticipate a night filled with fun, wine and dine set-up alongside with entertaining music performances.
XW, who sang two of his songs, Company and Sagoba received loud crowd-cheering from the floor.
Minutes before the audience able to settle down, D.Policy came up on the stage to excite the crowd by performing three of his hit songs namely, 911, pam pam as well as his latest single releases, African Woman.
Following D.Policy appearance, the stage later was occupied by a young and multi-talented artist, Mr Mac who does not only sing but also recently started footing his skills as DJ mixologist.
Mr Mac wowed the audience with his first single, Know which was released in 2017 and later singing and dancing to his new single releases, Funke.
HBD, Champion and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.17936
Retrieved Text: Search Results for "cheering crowd"
Closeup view of a few girls filming on their smartphones. Blurred, happy, cheering crowd on the background.
A black rapper on stage. Cheering crowd. View from the audience. Lighting. Stage smoke. A black rapper on stage. Cheering crowd.
UNITED STATES 1970s: Football player runs with football. Crowd cheers as football player runs. Scoreboard. Home team score increases to 18. Cheerleader cheering with pom poms. Crowd cheers. Boy throws rock. Boy runs away from policemen.
1940s: Young man and woman sit in stands, talking, cheering. Crowd of students cheer. Young man and woman walk on dark, empty street. Woman lies in bed, worried.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.155226
Retrieved Text: Occupying the fifth floor of an inconspicuous building on an Akihabara backstreet, the Anikara Hero bar offers you a karaoke experience that will blast your singing skills from zero to hero. Admittedly, the small bar is a rather modest affair, but what it lacks in frills it more than makes up for in thrills.
After you find your go-to tune in their extensive library and take your place on the stage under the spotlight, the in-house cheerleaders (in full cosplay) will get in formation and begin to thump out a rhythm with their tambourines. Don’t worry about those high notes in the chorus – their hearty cheering is guaranteed to add an extra octave to your vocal range.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.065796
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Herndon Optimist Youth Cheerleading (HOYC)!
HOYC is a recreational/development program for children 5 - 15 years old. The program provides a rewarding and fun experience with an emphasis on both teamwork and individual accomplishment. Cheerleading requires stamina, concentration and regular practice as a team. Throughout the season, your child will learn cheerleading fundamentals, sportsmanship, leadership and teamwork appropriate for each age level.
HOYC cheerleaders support a Herndon Optimist Youth Football team throughout the season by cheering for them at games and participating in the HOYF Pep Rally. The cheerleaders are also able to participate in optional events such as: performing during halftime at one of the Herndon High School football games, particpating in the Herndon High School Homecoming Parade, demonstrating technique and dance at Performance Day with other Fairfax County Cheer Squads, and potentially joining a squad to compete in a local cheer competition.
HOYC is more than just cheering - it's an opportunity to give your children the foundation for leadership, sportsmanship and teamwork.
HOYC is open to boys and girls, ages 5-15. Players must be at least 5 years old as of October 1 of the current year.
Practices are held Tuesdays and Thursdays, 6-8pm at the Herndon Middle School sports field. The cheerleaders are encouraged to attend all practices. Regular season games are held Thursday through Sunday (we typically cheer on Saturday or Sunday) at fields throughout Fairfax County.
1. All cheerleaders will be placed on squads by age. If there is a squad, which is cheering for the sibling’s football team, AND the cheerleader falls into

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.855413
Retrieved Text: Company TPO’s shows are authored by a variety of creative able to use different theatrical languages, and are characterised by the use of images projected onto large surfaces, and the use of interactive technologies.
A prize-winning company, TPO is based in Prato, Italy at Teatro Fabbrichino and works in residency at Teatro Metastasio Stabile della Toscana. Between 2002 and 2007, TPO devised the concept of the ‘children’s cheering carpet’ a magic carpet where, through movement and touch, it is possible to explore imaginary gardens devised to create access to places in the world of art.
Between 2008-2009 the group continued its research developing new technologies through the use of motion-tracking and the building of interactive props that had the ability to make a theatrical relationship between the body, the stage and images more sophisticated.
In 2010 the group focused its attention on the world of music. In this project the stage is composed of light beams and luminous props which, with the use of sensors, act as imaginary musical instruments designed to arouse the curiosity of children to explore, play and create.
Between 2010-2011 the company realised Kindur, a project in which spectators from the audience interact on stage by wearing ‘magic’ woollen hearts which allow them to participate in a more direct and immersive way.
In 2013, the group premiered Babayaga and presented Bleu! a co-production with Teatro Metastasio Stabile della Toscana in collaboration with Marseille-Provence 2013 European Capital of Culture.
Read more about TPO here.
Inspired by their innovative use of technology to create sensory and immersive theatrical environments for children,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.789513
Retrieved Text: The Washington Redskins Cheerleaders were second only to the Pittsburgh Steelers in professional NFL cheerleaders (1961; the Rooneys eliminated them shortly afterwards), but continue to be the longest running professional National Football League cheerleading organization.
Originally called the Redskinettes, they have cheered for the Washington Redskins since September 30, 1962. The first director of Redskinettes was Doris Snyder. Initially she had the cheerleaders perform in native-themed (though not authentic) costumes, but subsequently changed to outfits similar to other NFL cheerleading organizations, without any native theme.
In addition to touring with the football team, they have also performed around the world. In 1982, they were invited to be the first NFL cheerleaders to perform in Asia promoting U.S. commercial products throughout Taiwan. In 1983 the cheerleaders produced their first calendar, which they have continued since. In 1984, they were the 4th NFL squad to perform in a United Service Organizations (USO) tour entertaining the armed forces in Turkey, Italy, Sicily, Spain and the 6th Fleet off the coast of France. Since then, they have participated in numerous Department of Defense (DOD) tours to entertain U.S. servicemen and women. DOD tours have included Egypt in 2000, Guantánamo Bay, Cuba in 2001, Kosovo in 2002, and others for a total of over 35 countries. In December 3–17 of 2005, they completed their 20th overseas tour for the USO, entertaining U.S. troops in East Asia.
The Washington Redskins Cheerleaders were also the first cheerleaders in the NFL to form an alumni association. The Washington Redskins Cheerleader Alumni Association (WRCAA) http://redskinscheerleaderalumni.org/ was founded in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.751507
Retrieved Text: A BRITISH TAKE ON AN AMERICAN CLASSIC!
The most common mistake that professional sports clubs make when hiring cheerleaders is that they hire amateur squads with young inexperienced cheerleaders. Sadly, when they don’t meet expectations, clubs can be put off hiring professional squads because they think that they are all the same.
We have been providing professional dancers for events for over a decade. For most of that time we have worked on our pro-cheer squads making sure that they not only meet the expectations of a cheerleader but that they do all they can to show people how valuable professional cheerleaders can be for any sports club .
We believe that through trial, error and experience we have produced the best recipe for the perfect pro cheer squads! It goes far beyond dancing with pom poms and cheering, although those things are very important!
From one-off events to fully bespoke developed squads we can put together a team that works for you. We also offer consultation packages and an in house costume design and origination service to make sure every troupe looks slick and professional.
We want to show the UK that not only can cheerleaders work but that they can also bring that extra something special to any sports event!
TO FIND OUT MORE ABOUT WHAT WE HAVE TO OFFER DOWNLOAD OUR CHEER BROCHURE HERE.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.717302
Retrieved Text: Beer, food and farts, naturally.
May. 07, 2017, 1:50 p.m.
Marathon and half-marathon runners were greeted this morning by thousands of cheerleaders and their signs, promising beer and wine or imparting Yoda’s wisdom, all while trying to make a few steps of the runner’s 26.2 or 13.1 miles a little easier — or funnier.
We stopped by the South Side, where we saw these gems.
Of course, there were Pittsburgh-inspired signs.
Run or run not. There is no try.
Our team was at Mile 2 and 24, cheering on runners. Editor Lexi Belculfine and Sales and Events VP Ryan Croyle posed here, while waiting for marathoners to circle back to the Strip District.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.46493
Retrieved Text: The night consisted of the drag show, with eight drag queens performing, a drag race which was between six male students/staff members, as well as other small ways to get students involved with the show.
The eight drag queens of the night were Destiny, Roxy Brooks, G Licious G, Raquel Blake who was also the host, Lady Sabrina, Vita Summers, Miss Kris, and Fantasia.
Each performance was unique. Throughout the night, all the queens were lip-syncing or singing on their own and interacted with the crowd. Some of the interaction with the crowd was a little on the adult-entertainment side, with lap dances, pulling clothes off, and one queen even putting crowd members onto the table and lifting their legs into the air while she sang. It was all well received with the crowd cheering and laughing each time.
The drag queens, however, were not the only performers of the night. The drag race had six males going against each other in raising money. They were Eddie Brown, Peter Jack, Joe Flanagan, Nathan Emery, Parker Gates, and Jem Alicea Morales. During the week before the drag show people had the chance to put money in respective jars for each contestant. This continued until the night of the show. When everything was counted the top four men who raised the most money were all pulled on stage to be dressed in drag by the drag queens.
They came back out one by one about 45 minutes later. Each contestant put on a small show, walking down the stage into the crowd

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.447533
Retrieved Text: Robert Andrew Salons and Spas in Crofton, Maryland presented FACES: A Night of Pink Hope, on Saturday, October 8, 2011 at the Annapolis Hotel. The event was filled with love, charity and goodwill, and featured Paul Wharton as the Master of Ceremonies. This exquisite runway hair and fashion show was sponsored by RA Cares, Sheehy Lexus of Annapolis, Chesapeake Medical Imaging, Christina Keane, Fastsigns of Annapolis, Capital One Bank, Relysh, CORT Furnishing, Sly Horse Studio, and Stage Right Productions, Franey Family Foundation, to name just a few. All of the proceeds resulting from A Night of Pink Hope went to benefit the We Believe Foundation’s Pink Hearts of Hope Fund which helps young women who are battling breast cancer.
Robert Andrew Zupko, CEO of Robert Andrew Salons and Spas, and the President of Robert Andrew Salons and Spas, Melissa Eppinger, served as co-hosts for the event. More than 300 event attendees came out to support a worthy cause. Robert Andrew Salons and Spas made significant contribution in making “A Night of Pink Hope” a successful event. As a presenting sponsor, Robert Andrew Salons and Spas contributed more than $15, 000 for the use of swag bags, silent auction items and other expenses.
From the moment the guests arrived, they immediately acknowledged that they would experience a wonderful evening. El’Jay DeShield of DeShield Enterprises, LLC served as the Public Relations Director for the event, and as the guests stepped onto the lovely pink carpet and posed for pictures they were dressed in their finest outfits and many women were

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.379194
Retrieved Text: This was an evening filled with duels between balafon and djembe; djembe and vocals; kora and balafon. Intricate interplay, especially between the kora and balafon, was the raison d'être of the musicians that night.
The first battle to take place occurred between the balafon and djembe. The balafon player, first on the scene, opened the evening with Whirling Dervish force but was shortly overtaken by the djembe player attacking his instrument like a Veg-O-Matic contraption gone wild  chopping, slicing and dicing.
But....his reign was short-lived as the Wagner-esque fugue of the synthesizer attempted dominance. As the musical intensity grew more taut, the first singer bounded onto the scene greeted by cheering. A gargantuan fireball, this vocalist spun his tazmanian devilish powers into every corner of the stage during his encounters with the other musicians. Amidst all this brouhaha, Toumani smoothly and quietly slid in, accompanied by greater cheering. As the 'duelling' resumed with the djembe player and singer battling for supremacy, the crowd was stirred into a wall of cheering frenzy.
All evening, the pure endless intensity of the playing was exhilaratingly head-spinning. And at times the repetitive rhythms, so passionate and emotional, were akin to being tickled relentlessly with a feather.
There were many deft changes in mood and intensity throughout the performance, but they were imperceptible until you were right in the middle of them wondering how they had transpired. This back and forth change in tone which occurred throughout the evening was akin to jumping effortlessly from a rowboat to a high-powered yacht and back. The

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A group of cheerleaders run onto a stage before a cheering audience. They get into formation, then begin dancing and flipping as male cheerleaders join them. they all... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: dance and flip on stage while hanging their hats on the sides.

Ending 2: continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.

Ending 3: dance together with flip up their sleeves.

Ending 4: perform their routines as the studio rashes to a halt with cheerleaders in the audience.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.04441
Retrieved Text: Occupying the fifth floor of an inconspicuous building on an Akihabara backstreet, the Anikara Hero bar offers you a karaoke experience that will blast your singing skills from zero to hero. Admittedly, the small bar is a rather modest affair, but what it lacks in frills it more than makes up for in thrills.
After you find your go-to tune in their extensive library and take your place on the stage under the spotlight, the in-house cheerleaders (in full cosplay) will get in formation and begin to thump out a rhythm with their tambourines. Don’t worry about those high notes in the chorus – their hearty cheering is guaranteed to add an extra octave to your vocal range.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.42777
Retrieved Text: For the uninitiated, it can be difficult to understand why people love a cappella. Heck, even for those of us who do actively enjoy it, it can be difficult to put into words why we enjoy this art form so. While we’ll never have a truly comprehensive list of everything cool about a cappella, 200 Reasons to Love A Cappella is our best attempt at assembling a list of what makes it great.
There are groups who walk on stage and form arcs, or who stagger themselves across the stage, poised to key into a song’s choreography. There are those that demonstrate wonderful energy, bounding onto the stage and jumping, chest-bumping, and inspiring the crowd to start cheering before they’ve sung a single note.
And then there are those who get creative.
There’s nothing wrong with a traditional stage entrance, but there is something distinctively cool about an innovative entrance. Take The University of Rochester Midnight Ramblers’ 2005 ICCA Finals-bound set that started with members of the group clustered in quintets around the auditorium, passing the lead around as they made their way from the audience to the stage only to form an arc and launch seamlessly into their second song.
Other groups have achieved similar intrigue by starting with a small percentage of the group on stage before others join in both in music and physically, or by keying off a set with the sort of wall of sound that would traditionally mark the set’s climax.
An innovative entrance surprises and captivates the audience from the opening notes. It forces

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.283535
Retrieved Text: UPUPGIRLS (2) Make Their Sizzling One-man Live Debut Jam-packed with Surprises!
On April 21 2018, UPUPGIRLS (2) took to the stage at Shinjuku BLAZE in a much-awaited one-man live debut. The young idol group has been on a roll ever since their formation as a sister group to UPUPGIRLS (KARI) in February 2017. In 2017 they appeared in Shinjuku BLAZE for the first time as back dancers for their older sisters—and one year later the stage was theirs entirely.
Fans packed into the venue, excitedly chattering in anticipation right until the lights dimmed and the screen erupted in rainbow colors with the members’ names leaping out. The members themselves then burst onto to stage to the roar of the fans, immediately getting the party started with “Sun!x3”. Together with the girls on stage, the audience clapped and jumped to the infectious rhythm of their first ever single. The second song seamlessly picked up the beat; center Mayu Yoshikawa opened the song with her solo lines, a prelude to UPUPGIRLS (2)’s impressive vocals. Aya Kajishima also slipped in a performance of her unique talent, playing the recorder with her nose during the bridge.
The members greeted the fans in their first MC, introducing themselves and promising to make it a fun night for everyone. In return they got the audience to promise to enjoy themselves, to which they earned cheers of affirmation.
They jumped right back into the set list with “Happeace LOVE”, giving their brightest smiles and peace signs as they sang. It was followed by “Fuyu Te to Te”

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.105362
Retrieved Text: This was an evening filled with duels between balafon and djembe; djembe and vocals; kora and balafon. Intricate interplay, especially between the kora and balafon, was the raison d'être of the musicians that night.
The first battle to take place occurred between the balafon and djembe. The balafon player, first on the scene, opened the evening with Whirling Dervish force but was shortly overtaken by the djembe player attacking his instrument like a Veg-O-Matic contraption gone wild  chopping, slicing and dicing.
But....his reign was short-lived as the Wagner-esque fugue of the synthesizer attempted dominance. As the musical intensity grew more taut, the first singer bounded onto the scene greeted by cheering. A gargantuan fireball, this vocalist spun his tazmanian devilish powers into every corner of the stage during his encounters with the other musicians. Amidst all this brouhaha, Toumani smoothly and quietly slid in, accompanied by greater cheering. As the 'duelling' resumed with the djembe player and singer battling for supremacy, the crowd was stirred into a wall of cheering frenzy.
All evening, the pure endless intensity of the playing was exhilaratingly head-spinning. And at times the repetitive rhythms, so passionate and emotional, were akin to being tickled relentlessly with a feather.
There were many deft changes in mood and intensity throughout the performance, but they were imperceptible until you were right in the middle of them wondering how they had transpired. This back and forth change in tone which occurred throughout the evening was akin to jumping effortlessly from a rowboat to a high-powered yacht and back. The

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.08325
Retrieved Text: If you’re only going to see one musical this year, make sure it’s Crazy For You!
I’m a pretty critical and cynical person, but trust me, if I say this show is good… it’s GOOD! Full to the brim with stunningly talented actors, singers, dancers and musicians – there’s no way you will be leaving without a smile on your face!
Whilst the set design was about on par with most other musicals I’ve seen this year, there is no doubt in my mind that everything else about Crazy For you far surpasses the rest. Tom Chambers tapped his way onto the stage and had the audience immediately captivated by his portrayal of Bobby Child and his phenomenal dancing skills, not to mention his impressive voice. Charlotte Wakefield played the audience favourite, Polly Baker and constantly had everyone cheering for her as she took no nonsense from any other character on stage. The chemistry between her and Tom Chambers was electrifying and really showed in their performance.
Caroline Flack took on the role of Irene Roth and absolutely sold it! She sung and danced like a natural and had the audience laughing and cheering throughout. Her rendition of ‘Naughty Baby’ has to be the best version I’ve ever heard and I must admit, I was smiling throughout the entire song. A sassy, bossy and fantastically dramatic role was played by her perfectly and I cannot fault a thing.
As for the rest of the cast? Without a shadow of a doubt, the best I’ve ever seen live! Not only were

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.91074
Retrieved Text: Wedding Dance is my speciality!
Your first dance is a special moment of joy and celebration that will be a lifetime memory. It's a time when you will be centre stage and many eyes will be on you.
My goal is to help you appear elegant and comfortable while dancing in front of your wedding guests.
Don't worry if you have not danced before, I will teach you to dance with patience and ease. Your first lesson we will discuss your wedding reception venue, the size of the dance floor/layout and the position of the audience. I will listen to your chosen song and we will discuss which dance best suits your music.
Your wedding dance routine will begin with the groom taking his new bride onto the dance floor then do a dip or turn and begin your dance. You only need to do a couple of minutes dancing your wedding dance then it is time to invite your guests to dance!
I will choreograph your routine with easy lifts, spins, oversways, dips and incorporate simple basic steps to get you moving around the dance floor. On your last lesson we have final rehearsal and learn to dance to all types of music so that throughout your wedding reception you will be able to continue dancing the night away!
I endeavour to make the lessons a fun and enjoyable experience.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.494175
Retrieved Text: Miss Megan Marie Campbell started taking dance lessons at the age of two from the Toni Zeakes Performing Arts Centre. Megan studied jazz, tap, ballet, pointe, lyrical, hip-hop and acrobatics for over 17 years. She attended St. Clairsville High School where she was a member of the cheering team for all 4 years. During her high school cheering career her team became 3-time OVAC champions. Megan also lettered in cheering all four years of high school.
After graduating from St. Clairsville in 2008, Megan attended Ohio University and graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Early Childhood Education. She began working as a substitute teacher for Ohio County Schools and most recently taught preschool for CAC of Belmont County. Megan also remained a part of St. Clairsville High School for seven years as the Cheerleading Coach where she led her team to many championships. Megan is now currently the cheerleading coach for Wheeling Middle School who under her direction placed second in the Jr OVAC competition and second in the PAC 8 competition for the very first time in school history. Megan has also and will continue to help judge numerous cheering tryouts, cheering competitions, baton competitions and queen of queen pageants throughout the Ohio Valley.
Megan has a huge passion for children and helping each and every child reach their maximum potential all the while having fun and learning the necessary skill sets to lead a happy and successful life. She truly loves to share her passion for dance by teaching all of her students how to be

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.46144
Retrieved Text: HOW TO BRING MIDDLE EASTERN DANCE TO THE STAGE!
"I have worked in big productions in Turkey & also have been touring my own dance theatre production internationally, for instance 'One Day In Istanbul' and 'Ashk /Love'. Telling a story through dance is something that makes my heart beat faster but its often a challenge to bring Middle Eastern dance forms to a big stage without loosing the energy and character of the dance."
HERE ARE 10 TIPS TO MAKE YOUR DANCE MORE THEATRICAL - FOR GROUP OR SOLO NUMBERS!
1. Think bigger and act even bigger!
The most important challenge you will experience is to make your steps, feelings and moves bigger as you perform on a large stage. What you want is that even someone sitting in the back row can see your steps clearly, get your feeling directly and enjoy your moves.
Adding direction changes, even when repeating the same moves, will give a different perspective to the audience.
Dancing on the diagonals will make your dance more friendly and captivate the audience more. Dancing square on to the audience can sometimes appear aggressive. Enjoy dancing using stage left, stage right, front and back diagonals.
Using a big stage and trying to travel the stage with only moves and steps can look over choreographed. Enjoy only walking on the stage combined with gazing to the audience. This will help the audience to feel more connected with you.
5. Dance is like talking, speak clearly!
If you talk fast, very few people will understand you - dance is the same. Make sure your

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.92744
Retrieved Text: At UCA camp, we are taught to uphold the role of a cheerleader. The phrase “to support the school’s athletic program and community” may be ingrained into the minds of cheerleaders everywhere. This is especially important when it comes to cheering for nontraditional sports. An athletic program is composed of all sports, which may include volleyball, wrestling, soccer, hockey, and more. All of which are deserving of support and energy from their school’s cheerleaders.
Positive influences create positive results. As a cheerleader, positivity flows through cheers, dances, routines, signs other crowd engaging tactics. Every sport deserves to have the opportunity to allow the energy from a cheer squad to be a part of their game experience. It is a conscious effort from fans, players, and cheerleaders to create an energetic environment in order to produce positive results of a game.
“Just having cheerleaders at a game can change the whole atmosphere, and it can bring about more adrenaline for the players by getting the crowd involved and hype. For instance, volleyball players have explained how the cheerleaders helped drive their spirits up and play with more excitement,” said Rutgers All-Girl Cheerleader Dayna Macrina.
It’s an adjustment to get into the flow of cheering for sports other than football or basketball. Cheerleaders should rework routines and cater their skills towards the specific event. Attend these games before you perform to learn how the game goes and to scope out where your team can position themselves in the arena to have the most impact! Not only can it be a great

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.84971
Retrieved Text: Run time: 90 minutes, including one intermission. Run time and other details are subject to change during rehearsal process.
A whole new kind of circus is coming to town! The rhythm of Ethiopia comes alive as this internationally acclaimed, dream-filled adventure makes its daring Minneapolis debut. Jaws will drop as one amazing feat after another defies gravity and awakens possibility; oh, to be part of the spectacle! It’s an incredible range of high-flying hilarity, hula hooping, death-defying tricks, and ridiculously joy-filled juggling with the music and movement of East Africa.
This show features Ethiopian music and is primarily non-verbal; very little English is used.
Audience cheering is encouraged in this production to add to the circus atmosphere!
CTC has never featured a show with this level of athleticism and acrobatics. Professional acrobats will be performing stunts on our stage; while it might be nerve-wracking, not to worry—they are trained professionals!
Bibi and Bichu dream of joining the circus. Each night when the boys fall asleep, the man in the moon makes their dream come alive.
Bibi and Bichu are juggling back and forth in their bedroom. Every night, they make plans to run away with the circus. The boys fall asleep and the man in the moon makes their dream come alive.
The company fills the space with dance and circus tricks. Bibi and Bichu are thrown into the air by the ensemble and perform a variety of jumps and flips including an act where performers standing on top of each other.
The ensemble leaves and two contortionists take the stage. They twist their

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.774525
Retrieved Text: LARGEST BOW SELECTION IN OMAHA!
It’s your big day so get ready for the spotlight! Lets rock the house, but first you need to get ready for all your cheering fans. Pick a pop star or any outfit of your choice and our stylist will make you look amazing with a manicure, pedicure, up-do and makeup. Then each girl has fun being a pop-star singing on the karaoke, dancing on the dance floor and playing games.
Every girl needs to be pampered once in a while. So let us pamper you like you never have before with all your girl friends. First, get cozy in comfy robes. Second, just sit back and enjoy a manicure, pedicure and mini facial. Last, dance away with your friends and enjoy fun games and karaoke.
All dressed up for the princess ball. Each girl picks out a beautiful dress then they receive the royal treatment with a manicure, up-do and makeup. Next have fun with all your girl friends singing karaoke, fun games and dancing on the dance floor. Then at the end each girl is announced on stage and crowned princess.
Get ready for your audience! First, let’s pick out your spectacular outfit and our party hostesses will do your trendy up-do and makeup. Next, have a blast singing karaoke and dancing on the dance floor to your favorite songs. Then, strut your stuff down the runway and put on a fashion show for your adoring fans.
Get ready for an enchanted evening with hostesses extraordinaire. Each girl gets to choose and keep their

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.57894
Retrieved Text: Last month, I asked you all a really important question: would you read my book? Like, if you bought Misty Copeland’s biography on Amazon and saw my book in the “You might also like…” section, would you click on it?
So since I got the encouragement I was looking for, I pressed forward. Now I need to know: would you keep reading my book? Here’s a little taste of the second chapter, which is an introduction to the competition dance scene. Enjoy!
I’m standing backstage in a huddle of blue and sequins. Sixteen anxious girls smooth their buns and try to keep their twitchy feet still. Two more numbers until we’re up. I squeeze my eyes shut and go over the routine in my head. Shuffle ball change, shuffle ball change. Our teacher, Ann-Marie, gathers us together for one more pep talk before we take our positions behind the curtain.
I peek out from the curtain to survey the crowd. The stage lights temporarily daze my eyes and the audience, a dark blur, politely cheer in the long pause between the end of the MC’s introduction and the start of our music.
Waiting, waiting, waiting. My chest thumping, my stomach tightening and releasing. Adrenaline rushing to my fingertips, to my toes, straight into my heart. Then the music. And out into the blazing light.
Before I know it, the dance is over. I hit all my positions, the audience claps in all the right places, and everything felt as though it clicked into place. We take our bow and flap ball

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.418205
Retrieved Text: Our annual recital this year will be held at the Scottish Rite Theater in Harrisburg, PA on Saturday, June 1st, 2019 at 5pm.
From 81S- take exit 66 to Front St. and continue to follow signs for Front St. Turn left onto Division St. and then a right on to 4th St. The theater parking lot will be on your right.
From 83S- take exit 43 toward Capitol/2nd St. Turn right onto Wiconisco St. Turn left onto 4th St. The theater parking lot will be on your left.
Dancers should arrive ten minutes before they are scheduled to be on stage. They are encouraged to sit in the audience and watch until they are called up. Before/after their rehearsal parents and dancers are welcome to check out backstage and their dressing room.
8:30: All dancers will meet on stage. Some dances will be run again if needed. If a dancer does not hear their class called to run again, they are free to go. They should check with their teacher(s) if they are unsure.
9:00: Please help and clean up dressing rooms and behind the stage! We’d also like to take a picture of the whole MSOD group right after bows!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.273922
Retrieved Text: Does it really have to end?
Simian Mobile Disco may have had one of the best stage set ups. One circular table with a ton of equipment on it. They move around the table adjusting knobs and buttons, and sonic shifts get the audience moving. Killer music.
Infected Mushroom. Not sure what hasn't already been said about them, but they are truly amazing. "Run run run to the cities of the future" the crowd sings along to the entire song. The live show is full of energy and their sound is a bit more heavy then other sets I've seen. I'm buying all their music when I get home. And for the record, a great looking group of extremely talented artists!
Paul Van Dyk. You know his name because he is spectacular at what he does. Definitely more trance-like. He is completely unifying the masses, filling the coliseum, into one single entity. The crowd is completely responsive. His new single "Home" transitions beautifully throughout starting out with a strong beat, slowing down, mixing in sick vocals: repeat. These words are said from the stage as Paul Van Dyk performs: "Tonight we're all dancing as one."
Side note: I saw a lot of people with pacifiers tonight.
So until next year, I will miss you Electric Daisy Carnival.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.20158
Retrieved Text: In 1954, the Baltimore Colts Cheerleaders became the first cheerleaders in the NFL.
When the team moved to Indianapolis, they became the Indianapolis Colts Cheerleaders.
“Growing up, we looked up to those women and now, so many little girls continue to look up to these strong women who are physically fit and healthy and really take care of themselves, but also have such amazing compassion for others and have storied careers in their fields,” said Colts Owner and Vice Chair Kalen Jackson.
The Colts Cheerleaders kicked off the 2018 season by looking back on 35 seasons of Colts Cheer in Indianapolis.
Now, they’re looking forward - to the next chapter of Colts Cheer.
After celebrating 35 seasons in Indianapolis this year, the Colts Cheerleaders earlier today previewed the next chapter in the program's history, which includes a new direction, a new uniform and new opportunities for the athlete-performers in 2019.
The Colts cheerleaders are many things - they’re mothers, daughters, sisters, wives, performers, philanthropists, students, and professionals.
But there’s one job that surpasses them all.
A fun look at the Colts Cheerleaders and their career choices!
Tilley can still remember being a little girl herself, going to sporting events and watching the cheerleaders. When she followed her love of dance to the NFL, she did so with the blessing of her family. And she wants anyone who follows in her footsteps to have that same support.
Many women audition for the same reason she did, because they love to dance. What they find out is that cheering on the sideline gives them a superpower that stays

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.120808
Retrieved Text: Bukola Elemide, best known as Asa, led a team of alternative musicians — Bez, Falana, and Adekunle Gold — in raising the bar of good music in Nigeria.
The quartet gave outstanding performances at the Spice Lifestyle Honors Awards held at Eko Convention Centre, Lagos on Wednesday.
The night started with an immaculate performance from Falana, the multitalented Nigerian-Canadian singer and song writer.
Despite starting the event — billed for 6pm — at about 10:40pm, Falana’s beautiful performance ensured the audience forgave the organisers as they cheered her on.
As Falana performed, Teni the entertainer, was invited up stage to perform but she had to return back stage as Falana continued her performance despite Teni’s entry.
Later on, the street-inspired ‘Ọba Orin’, Teni, took to the stage to get the posh audience screaming as she sang ‘Fargin’, ‘Case’ and some of her crowd-cheering sounds.
Bez Idakula, the multi-instrumentalist, singer-songwriter and composer, again, validated his genre of music, known as “alternative soul”, a hybrid of soul, rock, jazz and R&B.
He sent the audience crazy with his dexterity on the guitar, his alternative style, and his alternative single ‘You suppose know’.
There was a surprise performance by Lafiaji’s own son, Vector, who went beyond singing and rapping to delivering some sublime poetry.
He attempted to prick the conscience of the audience into seeing the problems with Nigeria.
Adekunle with the Cape! Adekunle Gold got the audience dancing, as he performed some of his alternative singles, from ‘Damn Delilah’ to ‘Call on me’ to ‘Ire’.
He ended his performance with an electrifying cover of the classic, ‘I feel good’.
The

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.059532
Retrieved Text: A BRITISH TAKE ON AN AMERICAN CLASSIC!
The most common mistake that professional sports clubs make when hiring cheerleaders is that they hire amateur squads with young inexperienced cheerleaders. Sadly, when they don’t meet expectations, clubs can be put off hiring professional squads because they think that they are all the same.
We have been providing professional dancers for events for over a decade. For most of that time we have worked on our pro-cheer squads making sure that they not only meet the expectations of a cheerleader but that they do all they can to show people how valuable professional cheerleaders can be for any sports club .
We believe that through trial, error and experience we have produced the best recipe for the perfect pro cheer squads! It goes far beyond dancing with pom poms and cheering, although those things are very important!
From one-off events to fully bespoke developed squads we can put together a team that works for you. We also offer consultation packages and an in house costume design and origination service to make sure every troupe looks slick and professional.
We want to show the UK that not only can cheerleaders work but that they can also bring that extra something special to any sports event!
TO FIND OUT MORE ABOUT WHAT WE HAVE TO OFFER DOWNLOAD OUR CHEER BROCHURE HERE.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.98262
Retrieved Text: The Grady cheerleaders practice almost everyday to prepare for games.
Cheerleading is stereotyped as the popular sport that every girl wants to join, but waving pom poms and shouting at football games does not encompass the skill level that cheerleaders have to possess.
Many of the cheerleaders at Grady have been participating in the sport from a young age. Junior Skye Greene has been cheering since she was six.
These skills that the cheerleaders acquire over time help them in their strenuous practices every day. They have intense training three to five times a week that run long hours.
With all the hard work the cheerleaders put in at practice, numerous Grady students don’t even know that a competition cheer team exists.
“The sideline team is more popular just because it follows the stereotype of what cheerleading is- jumping around yelling cheers with pom poms, cheering on a football or basketball team,” Burbridge said.
However, the sideline cheer team faced some difficulties with the low attendance at varsity football games.
Because of the low attendance, many of the cheerleaders focused on the more challenging competition cheer team.
“It’s very fun to watch a routine that was put together for many girls (and sometimes boys) that have worked so hard to show just a two and a half minute routine that showcases everyone’s talent,” Burbridge said.
Although, the more advanced routines present dangerous circumstances and room for injuries.
Even with these challenges, the competition cheer team shows a different side to cheerleading.
“I love competing. I like being pushed out my comfort zone, and competing pushes me to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.90517
Retrieved Text: Recap By: Paula Cuadrado Video BY: Chance Harris ---- The Dallas Cowboys brought some holiday cheer when they visited Seacrest Studios at Children’s Medical Center in Dallas. Many of the kids have been life-long Cowboys fans, which made their visit even sweeter.
Cowboys players Kyle Wilber, Jeremy Mincey, Troy Davis and J.J. Wilcox, along with Cowboys Cheerleaders Jordan and Jessica, sat down for an interview in Seacrest Studios. The players talked about what it’s like playing for the Cowboys and how they’ve worked hard all season. Seven-year-old Roman got the whole studio dancing with his version of a touchdown dance. Thank you to the Dallas Cowboys and the Cowboys Cheerleaders for visiting Seacrest Studios! We’ll be cheering for you! Go Cowboys!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.8429
Retrieved Text: 6 Rising-Star Nigerian Artists performed a lively and energetic yet entertaining stage performances that wowed the crowd in conjunction with the 58th Nigeria Independence Day, held at AfterWerk Bar & Grill, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on October 1.
The artists line-up were Iyke Moore, Endy Blueshirt, XW, D.Policy, Mr Mac and FEB.
The event was organised by Moore Music Group with the main objectives to bring unity through music and patriotism spirit to celebrate the independence day among the fellow countryman in Malaysia.
The stage performance was kicked off by Moore Music Group founder and artist, Iyke Moore with his two hit singles, Shokolo and Wu Be Dat, followed by artist Endy Blueshirt who shake up the stage with his two songs, Badder dan Bahd and Dance.
Furthermore, the audience gathered closed to the stage to anticipate a night filled with fun, wine and dine set-up alongside with entertaining music performances.
XW, who sang two of his songs, Company and Sagoba received loud crowd-cheering from the floor.
Minutes before the audience able to settle down, D.Policy came up on the stage to excite the crowd by performing three of his hit songs namely, 911, pam pam as well as his latest single releases, African Woman.
Following D.Policy appearance, the stage later was occupied by a young and multi-talented artist, Mr Mac who does not only sing but also recently started footing his skills as DJ mixologist.
Mr Mac wowed the audience with his first single, Know which was released in 2017 and later singing and dancing to his new single releases, Funke.
HBD, Champion and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.671986
Retrieved Text: The Boston Pops, accompanied by the Grammy award-winning New York Voices, presented an eclectic musical selection for Colonials Weekend Saturday night-including a sing-a-long and a rousing rendition of the GW Fight Song.
Next, the NYV, a quartet formed in the 1980s, took to the stage. They crooned to the Pops’ version of Gershwin’s “Baby Be Good,” and other jazz-rooted tunes.
Lockhart then encouraged parents to embarrass their students by singing along to his “Baby Boomer Bash,” which included “The Theme from Rocky,” “MacArthur Park” and a medley of 60s television theme songs. Not all were embarrassed, though. Junior Morgan Corr, who claimed to be a “baby boomer at heart,” said he enjoyed the song selection and the overall concert.
After another jazzy set by NYV, Lockhart catered again to the parents with a “Baby Boomer Sing-A-Long,” featuring hits including “Puff the Magic Dragon” and the “YMCA”; the legendary disco song had the crowd all but dancing in the aisles.
As a fitting conclusion to any Smith Center show, the GW Cheerleaders burst onto the floor, and the orchestra donned foam GW hats as they played the GW Fight Song. The Pops, to put a spin on their traditional closing march, “Stars and Stripes Forever,” welcomed CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer to the stage as a guest conductor.
Students not of the baby boomer era may be more interested in another of Lockhart’s recent endeavors: A collaboration between the Pops and the band Guster. The pair recently played two concerts to a younger audience that Lockhart called “off center” for the Pops.
Lockhart shows

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.594868
Retrieved Text: Why He Runs… | Life... Out Loud!
If you know me even a little bit, you know my brother and sister mean the world to me. They are a couple of my biggest cheerleaders in life. As the baby of the family, there aren’t a lot of times that I have been able to pour into their lives what they have poured into mine. When the opportunities arise to support them and be their biggest cheerleaders, I go big.
From showing up to support races (here) to pre-race hype videos (there) I have lived up to my goal to be the best cheering section imaginable… Here’s another go at it!
My brother is running the Detroit Marathon… Click the link and watch his video, “Why I Run” … Help him, help others.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.29453
Retrieved Text: Community members proudly dressed in their best green and gold as they anxiously lined the streets from Lynbrook High School to Marion Street Elementary School, waiting for the district’s homecoming festivities to start on Sept. 22.
The annual parade, led by the Lynbrook High School marching band, central administrators, building principals and board of education members, showcased true Lynbrook spirit as students and faculty marched through the town, waving to residents and onlookers. Lynbrook High School’s kickline and varsity cheerleaders raised their pom-poms in the air as members of the homecoming court rode in the back of cars. Prior to the exciting day, the high school hosted their pep rally on Sept. 21 where senior Angelica Almonte was crowned homecoming queen and senior Griffin Kirby was crowned homecoming king. The freshmen, sophomore, junior and senior class also participated in the parade, cheering and marching with their creative banners.
The parade concluded at Marion Street Elementary School where the Lynbrook High School Owls prepared to play the Valley Stream South Falcons during the high school’s annual PTA Scholarship Football Game. Community members were encouraged to donate money at the entrance to help fund scholarships for the Class of 2019 as Lynbrook apparel, snacks and refreshments were sold to support the senior class and the scholarship initiative.
Before kickoff, cheerleaders, kickline members and football players from Lynbrook High School’s Class of 2019 were recognized on the field. They each walked arm and arm with their loved ones as their peers and community members cheered. This followed with a big entrance onto

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.261673
Retrieved Text: A spectacular and joyful Christmas show delighted parents and guests on Thursday, December 13th by students of Ambergris Caye Elementary School (ACES). Held at the school grounds, the show delivered an array of different presentations featuring the students’ talents in singing, dancing, and drama as they portrayed the Christmas spirit.
Principal Amanda Burgos welcomed the audience shortly after 6:30PM, thanking them for their support that keeps the celebratory tradition alive. “We have prepared a special show for you all as we head into the Christmas holidays,” said Burgos.
ACES standard one students first took the stage performing ‘I am the happiest Christmas Tree.’ After their presentation, the little girls from Infant One performed a dance called ‘Barbie Girl.’ Soon after they were joined by the male students dressed as elves and together, they danced away. The students of Infant Two also took to the stage singing joyful Christmas carols.
During the intermission, a special visitor to the school and storyteller, and author Stuart Stotts made a short presentation while the other students prepared backstage. He sang a song called ‘Eight Hugs a Day,’ which involved students and even the audience.
The class of Standard Three presented a song featuring angels and the skit ‘Santa Cookie Problem,’ while Standard Two performed a Christmas dance dressed in bright red scarves. The crowd applauded and cheered as the show continued. Next were the classes from Standard Four, Five and Six performing a mix of different presentations. These included dancing with Santa Claus, followed by more dancing, drama, and singing.
Highlighting the show, was the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.207386
Retrieved Text: The Oyster Bay High School cheerleaders will be cheering at fewer basketball games this season and taking part in tournaments.
The OBHS cheerleaders will compete in seven co-ed cheerleading tournaments.
Oyster Bay-East Norwich High School cheerleader Bianca McEvoy stood at the edge of a mat in the middle of the Theodore Roosevelt Elementary School’s gymnasium on Nov. 7, looking focused and determined. Practice was about to end, and McEvoy still needed to stick the pyramid before the clock struck 9 p.m. Taking a deep breath, she nodded at her coach, Chelsea Bressingham, who was beginning to count off the pyramid.
“Five, six, seven, eight,” Bressingham said.
McEvoy flung herself toward her teammates, executing a round-off before jumping backward and landing on her back in the arms of the other girls.
Together, the full team of cheerleaders tossed Bianca into the air, where she did a back tuck before her teammates caught her feet above their heads.
The determined look on Bianca’s face quickly transformed to a bright smile. She had stuck the pyramid. It was the last maneuver the Oyster Bay cheerleaders needed to complete before practice wrapped up for the evening.
They are determined to meet a new set of goals at each of their practices as they train to compete in seven co-ed cheerleading competitions this winter. The events will mark the first time in Oyster Bay history that the school’s cheerleaders will compete against other squads. In the past, they have performed only at football and basketball games.
Bressingham said the team would be cheering at fewer basketball games this season,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.936646
Retrieved Text: Operators: Akkuratov E., Maksimov L., Orlov Yu., Filatov I., Havchin A.
On the final concert of the All-Union festival of amateur October 7, 1977 in the Kremlin Palace of Congresses.
Winners of the Nizhny Novgorod act in the factory shop.
The members of the ensemble "Vartovchane" and propaganda team "Samotlor" appear on the drilling station in the Tyumen region.
Supports VIA "Apsny-67" from Sukhumi.
Tashkent, adult actors applauded the dancing children.
Dance veterans group "Abkhaz centenarians."
Speech song and dance at the stadium in Vilnius.
October 7th, 1977, Kremlin Palace of Congresses, the audience filled the hall.
Alternation: applause, members of the Politburo in the box, cheering the performers.
Inauguration of the final concert.
Choir sings "Song of the Motherland" I.O.Dunaevskogo poems V.I.Lebedeva-red bunting.
Mashnich performs "Song of the Party card" composer V.A.Zabyvaeva.
Consolidated Statement of dancing ensemble of actors Arkhangelsk, Voronezh and Magnitogorsk.
Supports children's dance ensemble from Riga.
Chorus veterans of Voroshilovgrad (Luhansk) performs the song "Little Earth" A.N.Pahmutovoy poems N.N.Dobronravova.
Choir of the Moscow garrison performs the song "Invincible and Legendary" A.V.Aleksandrova poems O.Ya.
Engineer ZIL T.Kozhakova singing ditties about the accordion.
Soloists of the Ballet Theatre of DC plant "Hammer and Sickle" R.Holodkova teacher and engineer K.Skryabin perform the play Tchaikovsky "Meditation".
Members of the ensemble of modern dance ballroom dances.
On stage, the chamber orchestra of the Yerevan Polytechnic Institute.
Speaker of Azerbaijani folk orchestra.
Performs Folk Orchestra of Kazakhstan.
On the stage of the Academy of Sciences Male Choir of Estonia.
Female choir Kyrgyz Pedagogical Institute.
Mixed choir Latvian farm "Cesvaine."
Speaker ensemble "spark" of the Kirov region.
Chief Agronomist farm "Friendship" Kostroma region T.Inozemtseva reading poetry.
Ensemble "Spring dawns" from Voronezh sings ditties.
Performs dance ensemble "Ranitsa" from

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.826319
Retrieved Text: The second of 2018’s ‘Introducing’ stage winners, Devon’s DEPARTED, get Saturday lunchtime proceedings in ‘Reds’ off to a brilliant start after an initial technical problem with us not being able to hear vocalist Mark Pascall. Once sorted by a quick-thinking Mark, he is confident as he belts out his vocals, hitting every note with ease, and the packed crowd at the front sing and clap along, their hangovers are soon forgotten. Although others in the venue may not have been familiar with the band, as their set continues with ‘Don’t Follow Me’ and ‘All I Want’, the area in front of the stage gets more packed. Ben Brookland shines with his expressive guitar riffs and crowd interaction; Matty Clements (bass) looks to be having the time of his life as he and Matt Chalk (drums) provide the throbbing backbeat to the classic rock vibe of the songs with a soulful, bluesy edge. A cover of ‘Tie Your Mother Down’ has the crowd singing and an orderly queue forming at their merch stand. What a way to start Saturday morning!
MARTIN BARRE’S JETHRO TULL take up the reins next at ‘Reds’, to the delight of the crowd, which has swelled during the break to almost fill the standing area. Martin Barre on lead guitar is masterful, Dan Crisp’s vocals engaging on ‘Teacher’ and ‘Steel Monkey’, and the strong rhythm section of Alan Thomson (bass), and Darby Todd (drums) provide impeccable strength and pace, Darby, in particular, standing out with his solid drumming style.
Rounding things off at ‘Reds’ for

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.755592
Retrieved Text: REVIEWS: Arkells with Lord Huron live at Prospera Place - Gonzo Okanagan Online News, Music, Technology, Sports, Film, Arts & Entertainment, Culture, Wine & Dine... Life!
The Arkells, named after Arkell Street in Hamilton where they practiced their music, made their first Kelowna appearance years ago at Doc Willoughby’s. Tuesday night the rock band, out of Hamilton, electrified Prospera Place with their high-energy performance.
From the moment the band took to the stage with Relentless from their latest album Rally Cry, it was apparent this would be a party.
Lead singer Max Kerman was in perpetual motion throughout the two-hour 22-song set, dancing, skipping and bounding around the stage and up and down the runway that extended into the audience.
The rainbow fringe on his black motorcycle jacket flowed behind him as he moved.
Kerman established four rules for an Arkells concert early on: sing, dance, look after one another and everybody agree it’s Saturday night.
The band made up of Kerman, Mike DeAngelis, Nick Dika, Anthony Carone, Tim Oxford and Dan Griffin has won multiple Juno awards including Group of the Year and Rock Album of the Year for High Noon in 2015.
The have been nominated for a 2019 Group of the Year Juno.
The concert tour is in support of Rally Cry, the Arkells’ latest album released in October 2018, but the band played some of their older music as well, including No Champagne Socialist and Oh, the Boss is Coming from 2008’s Jackson Square as well as hits from High Noon, Michigan Left and Morning Report.
The band set up a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.670994
Retrieved Text: What Is Your Most Important Conversation?
…but then I went to the performance dedicated to his memory by the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater on June 11. It was the best evening of dance that I have seen in a very long time. I will tell you why in a minute (and why each of you should run to Lincoln Center’s David H. Koch Theater by June 21 to see for yourself), but first: Dudley Williams (1938–2015).
No one who follows dance could have missed Dudley. He joined Alvin Ailey’s company 10 years before I first saw the company perform in 1974, and he was a star there for four decades until 2005. If you had ever seen him do his signature solo, “I Wanna Be Ready” from Ailey’s masterpiece Revelations—live on stage or on YouTube or even on my well-worn old-fashioned videotape—you would still remember it. It wouldn’t matter if you were a dance aficionado or my then-9-year-old son (he’s now 26) or my Sunday School class of third and fourth graders (I happened to show it to them just two weeks before Dudley’s death and, yes, I had a good reason). And if only you had seen Dudley in the Ailey company’s 2014 New Year’s Eve performance, rocking out as a special guest performer in “Rocka My Soul in the Bosom of Abraham” in Revelations, you would still remember it. He was having such a great time back on stage where he belonged, but not one bit greater than those of us who were watching and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.663237
Retrieved Text: The Year 2 pupils put on a spectacular show for their parents, grandparents and other members of their families in their final performance at Beech House, Bolton School’s Infant School. This was therefore a moving occasion as it was also the children’s farewell to the school.
The Year 2 Concert opened with a rendition of ‘Beside the Seaside’, sung by the whole year group. This was followed by an array of acts which allowed each and every pupil to show off his or her individual talent. From gymnastics and Ju-Jitsu displays, choreographed dancing, musicians playing numerous instruments, and even a couple of stand-up comedy routines, there was a huge variety within the show.
The gymnasts performed on the balance beam and with ribbons, while the boys performing Ju-Jitsu involved nunchakus in their routines, each performer impressing the audience with his or her fluid movements. The musicians played the keyboard, violin, recorder, piano, drums and even a melodica, and the tunes included everything from nursery rhymes to the Star Wars theme! A number of pupils also stood up and sang, with their pieces ranging from songs from musicals to the Pokémon theme to ‘The Good Ship Lollipop’.
The dancers provided delightful performances interspersed throughout the whole of the show, as individuals, in pairs and as small groups. Each of the children brought their own interpretation to the song they had chosen. A number of styles were represented, from modern street dancing to Indian classical dance. Some of the pupils decided to perform in costume to evoke films: the T-Birds from

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: They get into formation, then begin dancing and flipping as male cheerleaders join them. They all continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs. when they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: are done, they shake hands and walk away, but cheers are heard all around as they're finished.

Ending 2: are finished, they jump up and down happily and walk off the stage, exhausted.

Ending 3: are done, a male cheerleader is crowned and an instant replay is shown.

Ending 4: come down from their workout, they all stop to bow and applaud, then they continue dancing.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.301003
Retrieved Text: POP MUSIC: Cher Releases Another Single Off Of 'Dancing Queen' And 'One Of Us' Is Crying.... - POP GOES THE WEEK!!
Do not be alarmed by the grown man in his casual Friday attire, wandering the streets of NYC, flipping his imaginary “Cher hair” whilst sobbing uncontrollably…it’s just me listening to “One Of Us” on repeat.
Cher, aka the queen of the world, has released yet another single from her upcoming album of ABBA covers, Dancing Queen. This time around the single is ballad which is a sharp contrast from the first two dance hits, “Gimme Gimme Gimme (A Man After Midnight)” and “SOS.” Cher can do no wrong, so this shift in tempo just gives listeners one more reason to get excited for the album.
Sobbing into fall it is! Knowing that the album is filled with variety only adds to the hype surrounding this project. As we get ready for Autumn to begin this weekend, give this song a listen and shed a tear for forgone summer.
Dancing Queen drops on September 28th!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.241207
Retrieved Text: Fresh, Electrifying and Fun is exactly how Fabian burst into the Bar/Bat Mitzvah scene. Fabian started as a dancer in 2010 and naturally evolved his abilities into becoming an MC. Fusing his animated style and acrobatic flipping and break dancing, Fabian is a ball of energy. He’s the total crowd pleaser and guaranteed to get all the kids and adults at your event into the crowd.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 42.9432
Retrieved Text: During a recent meeting I was asked to explore the possibility of presenting existing PDF newsletters in a flipping book format. You know the sort; online interactive magazine layouts presented as a 3D book where pages are navigated to and animated in a realistic flipping motion. This wasn't new ground for me as I'd already completed the exercise (and dismissed them in favour of PDF) 5 years ago, but the topic had raised its head again, and this time it was interesting to relook at things from a mobile-friendly perspective.
But, for others - those who may not necessarily understand how the web works or who have not necessarily considered where and how visitors access content - there is still much appeal in the visual "WOW" that an animated online booklet offers. At the end of the day, it usually falls to the web team and / or marketing people to decide if a flipping book is a superficial flourish or a worthwhile and effective means of distributing content.
I dismissed the web-based ones almost immediately due to on-going monthly costs; as they require a subscription to the provider's service and because the software is held on someone else's website, and the flipping books are hosted on someone else's servers, it's a way of keeping you permanently tied-in. Most flipping book providers I looked at prevented the final product from being download (as a working flipping book) for personal safekeeping or hosting on another website, so concerns would be, if the company went under, or if you wanted

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.645535
Retrieved Text: Adriana Esposito and Grace Pettus.
This week’s Goshen Gladiator Student-Athletes of the Week are Varsity Cheerleaders Senior Grace Pettus and Sophomore Adriana Esposito.
The Varsity Cheerleading team put on a tremendous performance at the Pep Rally and during halftime of the homecoming football game. Both the JV and Varsity squads worked together in creating a choreographed spirit routine that combined dancing, gymnastics and teamwork.
Senior Grace Pettus is in her fourth year as a Varsity cheerleader. She is captain of this year’s cheer squad. Grace specializes in tumbling and flipping during the cheer team’s routine and has been a Goshen cheerleader since 2nd grade!
She is looking forward to making her college selection and majoring in emergency management.
Sophomore Adriana Esposito is in her second year of Varsity Cheerleading, but has been cheering for the past nine years. She is a high skilled “flyer,” which means Adriana’s teammates toss her in the air as she performs different acrobatic skills.
Adriana was also a member of the 2016 Section IX Champion Cheer Squad, which will be defending their title this winter season. She is also looking forward to trying out for the Girls Varsity Lacrosse team this spring.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.40908
Retrieved Text: Before you begin to read this article, if you haven’t already read our beginner’s guide to domain flipping, you may want to start there. The reason for this is that to be a domain broker, you must first have a firm grasp on the domain market and what domain flipping entails.
The reason that many domain flippers inevitably turn to domain brokering is because it is a far more lucrative endeavor. With marketing knowledge, a decent understanding of how to create an engaging Wordpress-based site, and a fairly large investment of time you are willing to put forth, you can go from making the occasional domain flipping sale to transforming this income into a full-time business.
However, the first step is to understand what a domain broker actually does, whether it is easier than domain flipping or not, and what you must do to take this job and make it your own. Once you’ve gained a grasp on domain brokering and what it entails, you can start selling domains for others in a far more efficient manner and make tons of extra income in the process.
A domain broker is truly nothing more and nothing less than a middle man between domain flippers and buyers. The domain broker’s job is to advertise their client’s sites on their own site so as to try to find them a buyer that will pay them a fair market value for the domain name they possess.
For many domain flippers, it can be hard not only to find buyers but also to interact with

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.150063
Retrieved Text: The annual Intervarsity competition took place on the 8th August 2015, hosted by Maties Dans in Stellenbosch. Intervarsity was a jam-packed weekend starting Friday the 7th August, with the UCT team ‘road-tripping’ to Stellenbosch. We attended the ‘Uptown Funk’ Intervarsity social where we got to meet our fellow friendly dance competitors from NMMU, Rhodes, Tuks and Maties! Saturday was THE BIG DAY where we had 317 dancers across the five universities participating in the competition, with 94 participants being from UCT! Our dancer strutted their elegant Ballroom moves and shook those Latin hips in the various sections for the adjudicators with loud cheers and applause from our supporters in the background! Our surprise dance this year was a Surprise Cha Cha, where our male partners were blindfolded (!!) – it took true skill not to bump into fellow dancers!
The prize giving ceremony which was held at the end of the day saw UCT walking away with seven Bronze, seven Silver, and seven Gold Medals!! UCT received Silver medals for the Team Dance and Formation, and was placed second overall with our friends Maties winning the overall event! Well done Maties! Our 2015 Chair also walked away with the Ballroom Queen award – well done Nicol! The weekend ended off with a celebratory supper at the Dros and breakfast in Stellenbosch Sunday morning! Congratulations to all those who participated and a big thank you to those who supported us! Intervarsity was an unforgettable experience, and at next year’s competition, which will be hosted by NMMU in PE,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.62199
Retrieved Text: When it’s his time, the old man with the glass eye doesn’t want much, just dancing girls, a pair of new knees and an all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet. If push comes to shove, if he has to choose only one, he’ll settle for the dancing girls. Big girls, like they used to make them. The eye, he can live without that: one eye is more than enough when there’s not much to see anyway. People think the old woman sitting beside him is his wife. He had a wife, once. She played the piano, till her hands gave up on her. He sometimes forgets what happened to her, but he’s fairly certain the old woman sitting next to him now is not her. People sometimes stop and say to her, “You used to be that woman, didn’t you?” The woman has heard it a million times before. She reaches into her coat pocket and takes out a coin, an old fifty-pence piece with smooth edges. “Heads or tails?” she says, flipping the coin. She loses every time.
Gary Duncan’s flash fiction collection, You’re Not Supposed to Cry, is available from Vagabond Voices. Recent credits include Train Lit, Gravel and The Cabinet of Heed.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.530933
Retrieved Text: How Does "Step Up Revolution" Popularize a New Form of Dance?
Have you ever heard of bungee dancing? I haven't either! Which is part of what makes the above video, in which people involved in the new movie Step Up Revolution describe the insane dance scenes in the movie, pretty sweet.
"We had parkour, runners that were flipping off the wall. We had trampoline artists who were also dancing with these sticks that were sparking," said choreographer Jamal Sims. "We also had dancing on bungee cords," he said, before star Kathryn McCormick picked up: "Dancing on a bungee cord! No one's done that before... It was just this huge production."
So watch the video above to hear more about the crazy dance scenes and check out the video below to hear what kind of music these amazing dancers put on when they want to dance recreationally. Let us know if you want to see Step Up Revolution in the comments!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.305798
Retrieved Text: Cheerleaders no longer, from Friday night the young women spurring on the Brisbane Broncos shall be known as dancers, and will ditch the old costumes in favour of a more toned down look, albeit still with the pompoms.
Broncos dance squad coach Jools Purchase told the ABC for Friday night’s home derby against the North Queensland Cowboys the dancers were moving “from a cheerleading look to an athletic look”.
But for the moment, Ms Purchase is keeping details of the new outfits under wraps.
“Leggings, that’s all I’m going to say – you have to watch,” she said.
The sexualisation of women on sporting arenas came to a head this week when AFLW star Tayla Harris found herself at the centre of an online trolling barrage over a photo of her kicking a ball.
Other NRL teams have begun following a similar path with their cheer squads.
The Canberra Raiders ditched cheerleaders in 2017, and this year the Melbourne Storm is axing the cheer squad in favour of a “street crew” of male and female hip hop and street dancers.
“We’ve gone not necessarily that far, we’ve taken it back a little bit but we’re still all-female, still cheery but without the cheerleading look, I guess you could say,” Ms Purchase said.
The Broncos dance squad do host male visitors in their ranks, but not on a regular basis.
Ms Purchase has been with the Broncos dance squad for seven years and said they were highly athletic and all very talented.
“I think if the players came to our training that we’d put them through their

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.221176
Retrieved Text: Flipping through a House Beautiful magazine at the library (trying to get ideas for my new office) while waiting for my daughter to check out some CDs, a photo that caught my eye.
Carson Kressley, was showing off his bedroom. I love Carson. He's the cleverist of the Fab 5 on Queer Eye for the Straight Guy, inspirational guru on How to Look Good Naked and apparently he was on Dancing With the Stars (which I missed). His lightening quick, hilarious wit is liberating and he is so sweet!
Then I looked more closely at the photo. Double take! His stylish bedroom was filled with horses! Drawings, paintings, figurines, prints, tchotchkes!
You, dear reader, probably already knew this. Carson Kressley is a passionate horse lover and an accomplished equestrian from way back! When he was five years old he had a pony named Sparky! Awww!
Now he shows American Saddlebreds, riding, driving and loving them. Somehow this all makes sense! Of course Carson is a rider! Of course he loves horses! Why? For the same reason we all do. Because they keep us sane!
See for yourself in this video produced by Equestrian Life.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.08131
Retrieved Text: Can Male Cheerleaders Help the N.F.L.’s Image Problem?
They’re at least helping to change the conversation.
Rams fans watch the team practice at UC Irvine's training camp on July 26, 2018.
By Keith Sullivan/Orange County Register/Getty Images.
In the midst of a half dozen different P.R. crises, from the ongoing national-anthem protests to allegations of abuse from cheerleaders, the N.F.L. is trying something extremely new: male cheerleaders. When the upcoming season begins, the Los Angeles Rams and the New Orleans Saints will feature men on their cheer squads for the first time in the league’s history.
Rams cheerleader Napoleon Jinnies tweeted about his new gig in March, and celebrated the fact that he is one of the first men to dance on the sidelines at a professional game. He included the squad photo for this season.
Per USA Today, the Indianapolis Colts and the Baltimore Ravens have male stuntmen, but they don’t dance.
In an interview with Good Morning America in March, Quinton Peron, who was also brought on to the Rams squad, said his friend told him when the auditions were for the squad. He showed up, and he made the team. He said he had considered his own experience choreographing for pro teams, and knew he had a good chance of making the squad.
This change, though it does nothing to address the many issues plaguing the N.F.L., is at least a way to change the conversation. In the four years since former Ravens player Ray Rice was caught on tape punching his then-fiancée, Janay Rice, and initially only given a two-game

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.07859
Retrieved Text: It’s here everybody. The debut teaser from JYP’s new boy group that we have all been waiting for. JYP released a debut teaser video of GOT7 where they are simply just going around school minding their own business, but damn – they are all so so good-looking. Especially when Jackson showed up, I almost spit the water I had in my mouth out.
Mnet Countdown also teased fans with a preview of GOT7’s debut next week. Mark be flipping around like usual (the most impressive out of all seven members if you ask me but then again that might just be me being biased), Jackson looking good, everyone else is showing off their skills and dancing capabilities which looks really professional and advanced to me so far.
I was discussing GOT7 with my younger sister and while we agreed that Bam Bam is adorable (and a future bias wrecker) and Mark is really cute, we also agreed on how we hope that there are members in this group that has the personality. GOT7 is already really good at dancing, I’m thinking that singing and rapping won’t be a hard thing for them to do. But I just really hope a few of the members are good at variety. JYP’s groups always have at least one member that is entertaining and hilarious – in 2PM, it’s Woo Young, in 2AM it’s Jo Kwon, and in Miss A it’s Min. I hope there’s one member who’ll go out of his comfort zone and really bring that smile on our face

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.995094
Retrieved Text: A day of nonstop dancing, dress spinning, laughing, and sweating.
Hillary was not hesitant to spin in her dress consistently throughout the day and night -- so naturally we made a perfect pair because if you are not hair flipping with me then you're twirling. She twirled on the lawn where her and Derek got married, she twirled when her mom finished buttoning her dress, and she twirled when I took them for a breather during their reception. The best part of the day was Derek who wouldn't stop saying "Hillary, you look so beautiful babe." Like seriously we were under an overpass and I was taking portraits of Hillary (just after they had practiced their first dance together) and Derek is pacing behind her and he just glances over and tells her how beautiful she is. LIKE. STOP. IT. SO. UNREAL.
All images belong to Jeanne Sherman Photography unless otherwise stated. Please don't steal.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.99235
Retrieved Text: Are you interested in taking Frisco swing dance lessons? Dance Vision Studios offers fun, energetic dance classes for people who want to learn how to swing dance. Even though swing dancing can look intimidating, it’s a lot of fun. Our instructors take things slow and start with the basic steps until you feel more comfortable. It won’t be long before you’re swinging and flipping!
Swing dancing is a technical dance, so it’s important to learn the steps correctly. Our Frisco swing dance instructors love that you can add your own touches to this style of dance. Some of the most popular swing dances include the West Coast Swing, the East Coast Swing, the Lindy Hop and the Jive.
Dance Vision Studios offers private and group swing dance classes in Frisco TX. To quickly learn how to swing dance, we recommend our private classes. You can work one-on-one with an instructor and perfect the steps and patterns of swing dance. As you progress in your journey, you can join our group lessons that will introduce you to new people.
All swing dance instructors in Frisco TX are highly qualified and registered with the National Dance Council of America. They follow a strict syllabus that ensures safety and success. Additionally, we believe in “team teaching” that allows our dancers to work with all instructors. When you’re exposed to top talent in our Frisco swing dance classes, you can take your skills to the next level.
To register for our Frisco swing dance lessons, contact Dance Vision Studios today.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.960247
Retrieved Text: I suspect that others are awakening to these realities and are looking for someone who has gone before them and can provide some guideposts along the way.
Why would I recommend this for folks seeking a more life-giving way of ministry?
Because a disruptive and dynamic journey is one that is tethered to the invitation of Christ. It’s an invitation to join Him and surrender to His good will for humankind.
It’s an invitation to a journey with Him as we are empowered by Him for life and ministry.
This is exactly what we see in the Gospels! When Jesus begins to reveal God’s plan of redemption, he does so by inviting his initial followers to actually follow him!
He says things like, “If you’re going to come after me, deny yourself, take up your cross, and follow.” This invitation is an invitation to an evergrowing and more deeply rooted journey with Christ than most churches are ministries pretend to represent.
Because lasting change requires ongoing disruption because the seed of Christ is always rooting more deeply into our soul.
Modern church mechanisms aren’t about rooting, surrendering, following, sacrificing, and trusting. Rather, they seem to be about helping us be better, try harder, or do more.
Awakening to and accepting this disruptive and dynamic process of spiritual formation has led (and is driving) me to flip a host of things upside down. Such flipping helps me get them right-side up within the new Kingdom of God’s coming in Christ.
Doing so (flipping) has shaped the tenor of the entire Pillar ministry and the people who

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.43096
Retrieved Text: Discover How to Buy & Flip Houses in the Greater LA Area With No Credit & No Money Down!
FREE 2-Hour Flipping Homes Workshop Reveals Step By Step What You Need to Do to Flip Houses for Profit!
We Even Tell You How to Get 100% Funding On Your Deals, So You Don’t Have to Risk Any of Your Own Money!
Over the past 50 years or so, real estate investing has exploded in popularity – and with good reason. The real estate market offers numerous opportunities for big gains and to take advantage of those gains you don’t need a college education or even a “healthy” savings account.
The truth is anyone can flip homes for big profits with no credit, no money and no experience – provided you understand a few simple tips.
We are NOT the typical “real estate gurus” that you see advertising in the newspaper or on the radio or on online that come into your town, do a three-day event at a hotel and leave without ever really showing you how to put what they are teaching into action.
The truth is, particularly in California, those out-of-state trainers can get you into a lot of trouble as chances are they are not familiar with our state’s unique real estate rules and regulations. Trying to follow their generic systems can lead to fines … even jail time.
We have an office in Azusa, CA, and we are not going anywhere. We only teach in California and 100% of our training follows California law. We tell you what you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.90335
Retrieved Text: kids having fun dancing! boys and girls club!!
DANCING WITH GIRLS IS GROSS!
My daughter and niece at their dress rehearsal for their very first dance recital.
Spice Girls Toronto February 26th Concert - Mama Spice Babies - Emma, Mel B and Victoria brought the kids on stage!
Scott and Gwen Hartley have two daughters with the same neurological condition and they share their milestones online.
Весёлая троица продолжает зажигать. Уля включилась в гимнастический танец и показала загар Майи. Подпишитесь: https://vk.com/newkidsart Музыка: Valerie Harley ‎– When You're Next To Me (Original), 1993. BMPCC, Meopta Largor 12.5mm f/1.8, RAW.
Best Games for Kids - Hip Hop Battle Girls vs Boys Dancing Contest - Coco Play by TabTale - Gameplay Hey friends, if you like this video please LIKE, SUBSCRIBE & SHARE. Thanks so much for watching! 💖💜💖💕💕💕💕 Click on the link to download game: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cocoplay.dance.clash.two Click on the link to visit TabTale Website: https://tabtale.com Go ahead - just dance! The dance battle is ON! And this time it’s girls vs. boys. Show those boys what girls are made of! The city is your dance floor. Dress up in a hot new fashion street-style look. Recruit dancers to join your crew. You’ve got to win this! Time to just dance. Dress up in street fashion style and show off your mad hip hop skills on the city streets as you compete in sick dance offs. You can dance with the boys or the girls - it’s up to you. But don’t worry - you’re not in this alone - your crew’s got your back.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.833344
Retrieved Text: The humans on the walls start cheering loudly and start shouting Liu Yis name, each shout louder than the previous!
Dont talk about invading, dont talk about fighting. Right now they are unable to stand firmly!
Standing on the city wall Liu Yi says, Scram to your demon realm.
Otherwise I, Sword Emperor shall slaughter all of you demons!
Sword Emperor what a big tone you have!
Just as Liu Yi finished speaking, blue lightning suddenly descends from the sky, following which Sky Flipping Dragons figure appears in front of him as he roars, Let me the number 1 Demon King fight against you, this damn fellow!
Sky Flipping Dragon! It is Sky Flipping Dragon ah!
Seeing the demons who had lost their fighting will facing Liu Yi, Sky Flipping Dragons eyes turn red.
SE, dont think that you are unparalleled in this world! Lord Demon Emperor has bestowed to me Nine Yin Demon Qi! Right now I can definitely defeat you!
SE! Do you see this, this is my current strength!
Indeed your strength has increased slightly but it is a pity that this strength does not belong to you.
Liu Yi shakes his head and persuades, You are still not my opponent. It is best if you take your people and scram.
Dont think about it! Today I shall let you know what is the number 1 Demon King!
Although Sky Flipping Dragons cultivation is below Ao Ris and Devil Child, he is still very arrogant and wishes to gain some face in front of his Demon Emperor!
Through Heaven Sword suddenly descends from the sky, breaking through

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.815144
Retrieved Text: The first rule of 8 Figure Flipping is, you don't talk about 8 Figure Flipping.
Almost three years ago, I started a mentoring / mastermind group for experienced investors called 7 Figure Flipping. The goal of this group was to help house flippers and wholesalers build a 7-figure business using automated systems so they could make more money and get their lives back.
Last year, we had 23 people in the 7 Figure Flipping group reach $1,000,000 in gross profits… and I knew we had to go even farther. What’s next? I thought.
If you want to keep growing in your business, you have to keep pushing yourself.
And these guys and gals who had reached the $1,000,000 mark were facing new and different challenges than the newer members of the 7 Figure Flipping group were facing. They needed something more. It started as an inside joke. “Hey Justin, when are you going to create 8 Figure Flipping for us?” But after a while, it wasn't a joke anymore.
This needed to happen, for real. So we did it.
We met privately with the people who we knew needed to be part of this. We had one-on-one conversations. We didn’t really announce it to the public.
…then fill out an application to join 8FF (click below)!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.63982
Retrieved Text: Wat Prayoon ( or official name : Wat Prayurawongsawas Waraviharn, superrrr long ! ) is celebrating their 188 years of existence. You only have this and the next evening to catch a real temple fair. So if you are around the Flower Market, just walk across the river via the Memorial Bridge ( the green bridge ) and you will see a giant white stupa. That is where you are going.
We went there last night and had a great time. Very crowded, much food, diet busted with mango and sticky rice . There was this guy making humungous crackers called ” khao grieb vow ” ( kite crackers ).
My kids called them “Elephant ears crackers” though. It’s made from glutinous flour, cooked over a charcoal grill by flipping it side to side with a bamboo rake. It’s very crunchy and once you start, you can’t stop.
I think the movie will be silent but there will be people doing live voice overs. I’m not that old to know how it was done then. It’ll probably be like watching live game casts.
Another temple fair favourites you get to see is the Thai “Li-kae” ( Thai opera ). A skit with live Thai classical music, singing , and dancing. The one below is played by school kids and they did an amazingly good job.
There are also games and rides for kids. I played this one where you have to burst balloons with darts. If you win, you’ll get a ( distant relative of ) Pooh bear. All proceeds from

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.549408
Retrieved Text: Hen Party Belly Dancing is a great way to get the girls together enjoying a fab activity in the day. Try something new and even get these newly learnt moves out on the dance floor later that evening with Belly Dancing in Riga.
What will we do on a Belly Dancing Hen Do?
Throw those everyday inhibitions to one side and let loose as you channel your inner Shakira with Riga hen do or birthday party Belly Dancing! Belly Dancing is a sensual dance form that originated in the Middle East and Greece but has become popular all over the world and it’s easy to see why; it gets you proudly shaking what your mama gave ya, flipping that hair and gyrating those hips like a superstar, boosting your confidence and guaranteeing laughs with the girls! This fun class is led by a professional dance teacher who’ll give you a warm welcome before getting you all involved in a lively warm up. You won’t just be warming up those muscles, this warm up also makes sure any ice is broken and that everyone feels happy and comfy to learn some awesome dance moves in a relaxed environment. You’ll learn a choreographed dance routine that’ll be broken down step by step, making this activity suitable for all abilities. Don’t worry if you’ve got two left feet or no dance experience, the moves are easy to pick up and will be taught at your group’s pace, so no one will be left behind. That said, if you girls are total

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.272522
Retrieved Text: Whenever something new comes into your life, it can be slightly intimidating, regardless of what it is. This is also true for flipping houses. It’s not uncommon to feel nervous or apprehensive when you’re making your first flip. The reality is this feeling will be common for several flips until you get comfortable enough with the entire process.
The majority of people fail to make any real money on the first flip, chalking it up to a learning experience. When they get to their next flip, they have an idea of what to do and not to do during the process and have a positive attitude that things will be better. If you want to steer clear of those pricey mistakes made by novice flippers, then it’s time to know the five ABCs of flipping houses tips.
Above anything else, get yourself an accurate appraisal on the house you want to flip. Make sure you compare with other homes that are in better condition, similar sizes and style, all in the same neighborhood. You never want to purchase the best home on the block; instead turn your attention to the home that needs a lot of work. You can turn this broken down home into a profit with a little effort. Your appraisal should disclose the home’s actual value in comparison to the buying price. Speak to your appraiser about what the home will be worth after the improvements are made.
If you want to make an impression, you’ll need to make some bold moves. Flipping homes is pretty

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.025944
Retrieved Text: Dance parties are as important to the learning process as the lessons themselves. Attending the parties gives you a wonderful opportunity to practice what you've learned on your lessons with a variety of partners, professional instructors, other students, and guests! Instructors are on hand to guide students, creating a relaxed yet instructive environment. Dancing at the parties can ease any stress you might have of dancing in front of other people, helping you to build confidence in your dancing, a confidence that will extend into all areas of your life!
Actually, we’re having lots of them. And we hope you will join us at Fred Astaire Dance Studio Richmond for dancing, fun and socializing with other like-minded people.
Dance & Practice parties are as important to the learning process as the lessons themselves. Attending the parties gives you a wonderful opportunity to practice what you've learned on your lessons with a variety of partners, professional instructors, other students, and guests! Instructors are on hand to guide students, creating a relaxed yet instructive environment. Dancing at the parties can ease any stress you might have of dancing in front of other people, helping you to build confidence in your dancing, a confidence that will extend into all areas of your life!
Our parties offer a fun, friendly atmosphere. Our students pop in to practice their dancing in a social setting, enjoying upbeat and modern music. We mix and mingle and help our students become better dancers and more well-rounded people.
The parties are an opportunity for the students who have been

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.973362
Retrieved Text: You need to know that Site-flipping has been around for a quite a long time now. Ever since the general public was able to register their own domains and build their own websites, there has likely been site-flipping happening. Because it has been around so long, it has evolved and turned into an industry of its own with thousands of people making their living online by flipping sites.
In case you are not familiar, I will give a brief description of exactly what site-flipping is. Site-flipping is the act of selling a website that you have created or acquired at an earlier time. The biggest factor in determining the market value of a website that you are flipping is its monthly income. Industry standard is to pay 12 to 18 times the monthly income for a website, but this rule is not hard and fast.
There are several different site flipping techniques being used. Some site-flippers will try to acquire what they believe are under-performing websites, work on them for a month or two to increase the traffic and income, possibly give them a nicer design and then flip them for much more than they paid for them. Kind of like those house flipping shows.
Other site-flippers will try to purchase websites that are making an income for lower than 12 times its monthly income and turn around and flip them immediately for a larger amount for an instant profit.
Another very common way that site-flippers operate is to build their own niche sites, get them ranking and getting traffic

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.94134
Retrieved Text: Blowing bubbles - a way to get indoor movement during these cold dark days. (And, f/ing rainy days.) I notice my kid is flipping out. Bubble time.
He’s feeling cooped up while we chat with adult friends. Kid brings out rubber bands. Starts shooting them. Our house is small. Kid starts shooting people. Male friend demonstrates how to make one’s own hand into a rubber band shooter. Bubble time.
Shoot the bubbles, I tell the kid. Adults join in. Exercise done.
I am still finding rubber bands in the kitchen and living room.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.90372
Retrieved Text: REAL ESTATE FLIPPING GUIDE USER REVIEWS | Is it SCAM or LEGIT?
Hello Dear Guests; Are you still searching Real Estate Flipping Guide Review. Make sure that you are at the right page. Real Estate Flipping Guide is the most discussed topic among parents and children. Why is it so? There are not so many answers for this. Real Estate Flipping Guide is simply difficult to master not because of your fault or its fault. It is the method that acts as the villain.
Many methods are being tested. But the problem remains the same. Now we have a complete solution to the entire topics of Real Estate Flipping Guide. You dont have to search anywhere else for any information on any topic of Real Estate Flipping Guide. It is such a comprehensive work-ten year works product. Real Estate Flipping Guide will be useful to you irrespective of your age. So investing on it is a life-time investment. Decide after going through the complete list of topics and how they are dealt with.
Real Estate Flipping Guide is drafted from years of studies conducted among people of different ages and commuting the overall results to determine the common areas and points where one find it difficult to proceed and analyzing each step with them so that a suitable method can be evolved. As a result our procedure never fails.
All the tips of Real Estate Flipping Guide provided are practical. Each concept is presented with explanation and examples. They are all laid out logically. Extensive list of topics are included.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.898293
Retrieved Text: BBQing Chicken - flipping through channels...Woodstock - 3 days of peace - as I turn it on, a small airplane flys through a scene of some hippy chick dancing at 9 minutes into the show....low wing...boxy....flying low and fast....visible for 2 seconds....after numerous rewinds, am convinced it was a T-18....anyone out there remember flying over "Woodstock"?
Yes I did , in separate airplanes at the same time ! "Is that you Dave ?"
1969 - you were just starting to build your plane Rich......"Dave's not here"

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.853638
Retrieved Text: New Orleans is famous for its music, so much so that the city’s name is almost synonymous with the word jazz. Other music, like Zydeco, thrives in Creole country of Southern Louisiana, while Bounce sprang up in the late 1980s. The styles of music are distinctly different, but one commonality binds them all -- when listening to them, the body takes over, and soon enough, feet are moving, and torsos are rotating.
“You can tell who is from Louisiana, because if we hear the drop of a beat, and it sounds like it comes from us, we’re all going to respond with some kind of swing from our body,” said Marissa “Moe Joe” Joseph, local dancer, teacher, and culture entrepreneur.
The city’s music and dance found their origins with Afro-Caribbean slaves, whose rhythms and rituals were so powerful that they withstood oppression. What started as African dance turned into jazz, which evolved into many other participatory, celebratory, and improvisational dance forms. The city continues to have an influx of immigrants from around the world, with each culture bringing its own style of dances that are embraced by New Orleans’ renowned hospitality.
Zydeco developed among the French Creoles in southwestern Louisiana -- a fast-tempoed music based on accordion and washboard that is danced with a two-step. Thursday Zydeco nights at the Rock 'n’ Bowl are a thing of legend. Come with a partner or find one at the venue as you get deep into Louisiana culture while listening to the rhythms of French Creole and French Cajun Zydeco bands.
Bounce, New

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.627464
Retrieved Text: HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — Brett Rossi is headed to Philadelphia to resume her feature dancing tour, making her Cheerleaders Gentlemen’s Club debut for two nights, June 23-24.
She will have multiple sets each night, as well as meet and greets in between her sets. Patrons of Cheerleaders can meet the adult star, take a photo with her, purchase her exclusive merchandise and get a lap dance.
Cheerleaders is described as "Philadelphia’s Party Headquarters" — they offer party packages with "top shelf alcohol" and a full menu, along with bottle service. Their squad of house dancers features "a bevy of gorgeous entertainers" and they are also "the home for all Philly sports and a great place to party after a Phillies game."
Cheerleaders is located at 2740 South Front Street in Philadelphia. For more information visit their website at CheerleadersPhiladelphia.com or call (215) 467-1980.
Rossi is available exclusively through OC Modeling. To get her on set, contact Sandra at (818) 298-6939 or Sandra@ocmodeling.com.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.55877
Retrieved Text: The world's first cheerleader, a University of Minnesota student, wasn't who you think.
The 1898 season for the University of Minnesota football team was not a good one, but it did have a silver lining.
Finishing at 4-5, the Golden Gophers went 1-2 against their Western Conference opponents, including a humiliating 28-0 loss on the road to archrival Wisconsin that led to the student newspaper ripping the team in an editorial and asking readers for suggestions on how to improve school spirit at home games in Minneapolis.
How the university ultimately decided to make that improvement changed the face of sports – and invented one in the process.
For Minnesota’s home game on November 12 against Northwestern, medical student Johnny Campbell and five other men were appointed as “yell leaders” who would lead cheers and pep up the home crowd.
With Campbell and his colleagues leading the school chant in their various sections – “Rah! Rah! Rah! Ski-U-Mah! Hurrah! Minnesota! Hurrah!” – the Gophers rolled to a 17-6 victory over the Wildcats and cheerleading was officially born.
The next milestone for the sport came in 1923 when, also at the U of M, women were allowed to partake in the activity for the first time. With that addition, the cheering soon began to be accompanied by tumbling and acrobatic routines.
Despite the growth, cheerleading remained a male-dominated activity until World War II when teams were essentially forced to fill their ranks with female cheerleaders because so many college-aged men were overseas fighting the Nazis.
By 1948 the sport had grown so much at both

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A woman is reading a newspaper nearby while he speaks to her and shows her something in his hand. The man sharpens his knives using an electric tool. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: sharpens and cuts something on a knife board using an electric tool.

Ending 2: then continues cutting his onion.

Ending 3: travels with his knife under the table and uses it also in his shoe.

Ending 4: then shows her a spare knife that he has also used on a knife sharpener and drills into a side of the table.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.033463
Retrieved Text: There was an old woman who lived alone, she had no family still living and her only friend was a little white dog who went everywhere with her - with one exception. The dog loved the fireplace in winter, and after the old woman went to bed he would sometimes go and lie in front of the warm coals. Usually though, the dog lay on a rug right next to the bed.
The woman wouldn't allow the dog on the bed with her, but if she became frightened or had a nightmare, she would put her hand down to her little white dog and he would lick it reassuringly.
One night she was reading the newspaper just before going to sleep. She shivered and pulled the duvet up around her as she read that a mental patient had wandered off from a nearby hospital. No one knew if the patient was dangerous or not, but he was a suspect in the murders of several women who lived alone.
The woman turned out the lights and tried to sleep, but she was frightened, and tossed and turned fitfully. Finally, she reached down to where her little white dog slept. Sure enough, a warm, wet tongue began to lick her hand. The woman felt reassured and safe, and left her hand dangling off the side of the bed. As she turned to settle in comfortably she opened her eyes for a moment and looked through the open door into the living room.
And down beside her bed, something was still licking her

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.101227
Retrieved Text: Montmartre, Paris, right side. A young priest crosses himself while watching the stained-glass windows by Max Ingrand in the choir of St Pierre de Montmartre church. Then he walks quickly towards one of the three doorways of the western facade and he goes out. He walks along the small forecourt overlooking rue du Mont-Cenis, he’s absorbed in his thoughts till he catches sight of a very beautiful young woman that he knows quite well standing a little further. She’s in front of him, with her back turned to him.
This very beautiful young woman is drawing a portrait of a very distinguished beautiful lady of around fifty years old standing in front of her with her German Shepard dog on a leash. The priest watches the scene discreetly and in silence.
The young woman ends her portrait and gives it to the lady, she takes her money, takes her tools that she puts in her rucksack and she bends her easel. In that very moment she barely turns and sees the young priest smiling at her while he calls her name: Rachel.
The young priest that Rachel calls Philippe asks to Rachel how she is. After a short friendly conversation they both greet each other while going on opposite directions. Rachel makes quickly her way towards home, along Rue Lepic while Philippe goes back to the church.
Once arrived in front of her house door, Rachel kisses the mezuzah (the doorpost) hung on the right side and she gets in. She greets her girlfriend Mélanie, she drops her rucksack and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.822952
Retrieved Text: There is a professional and polished feel to the narrative.
An act of compassion in her childhood leads to slavery for Astril and several of her fellow Seerlings. Her journey as a slave leads her out of the magical evil of her childhood and into the saving grace of the One True God. Giving up her birthright is difficult, but will she be able to make the sacrifices her new path requires?
Toren is in constant rebellion to his grandfather, King Kortan's plans for his future. Unexpected events lead him on a journey of self-discovery and true love. However, he faces the hardest decision of his life when he finds that the powerful past of the woman he loves will conflict with the future he has planned for them.
Seed of Seerling is a skilfully paced and adeptly told tale belonging to the Christian fantasy genre. In a helter-skelter world it is refreshing to read a book that is told in its own good time.
At its heart it is a love story, a romantic epic that follows the destinies of a young man and a young woman from very different backgrounds. Astril is headstrong and beautiful, Toren noble and upstanding; their lands are at war with each other and this is but one of the many obstacles that they will need to overcome to find a future together. Astril is a very strong female character and Seed of Seerling is very much her story. Toren takes the supporting role but he is far from emasculated and his character is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.68442
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Knightly News Website! The Knightly News is a student-run publication that belongs to West Windsor Plainsboro High School North, in Plainsboro, NJ. Our newspaper covers a myriad of topics, whether it be school policies, reviews of music + books, personal stories, or even global issues. Please feel free to navigate this website and read through any articles. If you would like to submit anything for possible publication, please get in touch with us through email. Scroll down to meet our staff, who works endlessly to ensure a newspaper of the best caliber.
Rafeea Tamboli is a senior and currently serves as the Editor-in-Chief of The Knightly News. She joined the newspaper in her sophomore year of high school. She wants to grow as a writer, make her opinions be heard and learn about the power of media. What Rafeea loves most about journalism is learning about new topics and interviewing people to hear their fascinating stories and opinions. Outside of writing for the newspaper, Rafeea is the Director-General of High School North’s Model United Nations team and runs her own public speaking and debate classes. In her free time, she enjoys reading, making good food, and eating good food.
While Sarah Hudes appears to be eight years old on the outside, she is actually a senior, as well as the Editor-in-Chief of the Knightly News. In Sarah’s free time, she watches movies that make her cry and knits hats that are too small for any human to wear (a true Renaissance Woman!). Sarah uses the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.38336
Retrieved Text: Things are going pretty good for Tom Stewart. He lives in a Californian island society and is close to marrying the woman he loves. Then his old girlfriend, Vi, shows up and starts to ruin his plans and life. While meeting at a nearby lighthouse, Vi falls through some broken railing and Tom is faced with the decision to save her life, or let her die. He lets her fall to her death, and Tom believes he has rid himself of Vi forever.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.281693
Retrieved Text: “Our manners in public, as our manner in our homes, should be based on respect for ourselves and consideration of others, therefore we do nothing, say nothing, wear nothing that will attract attention to ourselves in any way, and we are equally careful not to draw unfavorable attention to others or to disregard their rights and comfort.” So starts a collection of rules of etiquette, donated to the museum by Mr. & Mrs. Lewis McGonagle.
Unfortunately, these rules are not dated. I have been able to figure out that they are most likely from the early 1920s, but they still have a distinct Victorian flavor. They make for interesting reading. Some people may argue that they are not historically important because they do not give any dates of events, or other “hard facts.” I strongly disagree.
Anthropologists thrive on information such as this. Even though the general public usually does not follow etiquette rules to the letter, they give us valuable insight on accepted behavior and societal norms, or the “ideal” that people would strive to be like.
Tipping the Hat: A man tips his hat by lifting it from his head for a moment only. If it is a hat with a stiff brim-a straw, derby, or silk-it is lifted by the brim. If it is a soft felt, or a panama, it must be taken by the crown. The hand that is farthest away from the person greeted is always used. For instance, if a woman is passing on the left, a man uses his right hand,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 36.185307
Retrieved Text: A video has surfaced that allegedly shows Argentinian soccer legend Diego Maradona striking his ex-girlfriend, according to the Spanish newspaper "El Mundo."
A video has surfaced that allegedly shows Argentinian soccer legend Diego Maradona striking his ex-girlfriend, according to the Spanish newspaper El Mundo.
In the video, a man believed to be Maradona, who appears to be drunk, mentions the cell phone the woman, believed to be 24-year-old Rocío Oliva​, appears to be recording the incident with.
Oliva had previously accused Maradona of committing domestic violence against her, according to reports.
Maradona played for the Argentine national team for nearly two decades and scored the famous "Hand of God" goal at the 1986 World Cup. He also coached the team from 2008-10.
The following video shows the alleged incident.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.753025
Retrieved Text: A 37-year-old British man has been arrested for allegedly attacking a German woman with a blowtorch and leaving her for dead at her home on the Canary Island.
Police are investigating the circumstances that led to the man named locally as Darren Paul Turner attacking the woman at her home in Granadilla de Abona, in the south of the island, last Thursday.
After burning her face with a blowtorch, the alleged perpetrator then used a rock to hit her. He was arrested along with a 47-year-old German man who was with him at the time of the attack.
After the assault, the pair left the injured woman on the floor of her home to go out drinking in a nearby plaza.
The woman, who is reported in 20 Minutos newspaper to be 36-years-old, suffered third degree burns to her face and is being treated in intensive care at the Hospital Nuestra Señora de La Candelaria.
On his arrest, the Brit man reportedly told police: "I killed my friend", according to the local La Opinion newspaper. He had injuries consistent with a suicide attempt and is being treated at a secure medical unit.
"We can confirm the arrest of a British National on April 1st in Tenerife," a spokesman from the British Embassy in Madrid told The Local. "We are providing consular assistance."

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.725765
Retrieved Text: Today's review is about Katie Ashley's new release!
'Office Mate' tells us the story about Isabel, a woman who's ready to take over a new and higher position in the company she works for, but sees all her plans going south when Thorn Callaghan, the President's soldier son, hijacks her dream job.
Isabel had her entire day set and planned. After years of hard work and sacrifice, she'd finally be promoted to vice president of her department! But well, things kind of goes south right in that morning... First, she's showered with hot coffee by some jerk who didn't look where he's going, then she almost broke her hand punching that very same jerk in the nose because he started hovering over her breast area trying to 'help her get clean'.
Since his dad was elected President, Thorn had to leave his military career because now with a target on his back puts not just him in danger but also his men's security. Now that he has put away his uniform and suited up with an Armani, it's time to conquer new fields... But his adaptation wasn't going so smooth as he thought it would be.
Starting with the fact that after so long in open spaces, the desert heat and under extreme stress, Thorn is now stuck in an office and having to deal with his anxiety. Besides that there's Isabel's constant presence ... The woman from who he has hijacked the position in the company and who was determined to make his days unbearable with her intelligence, beuty

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.47001
Retrieved Text: Dating someone who hails from a different culture can be exciting as well as challenging to many. If you are falling in love with someone who speaks a different language, worry no more because you have come to the right place.
Today we have brought you tips that will help you to date a man or woman from any part of the world.
One of the best things you can do to have a successful relationship with someone who does not speak your language is learning his or her native language. This does not mean that you need to enroll for lessons in the nearby school. We have a number of online programs that can benefit greatly. While using the online platform, only try to learn the basics. With time, you will have the opportunity to learn more words from him or her. Learning your partner’s language is very crucial because at some point you will meet his or her relatives, members of staff or friends.
When dating a foreigner, you should be ready to respect his or her culture. If your partner culture does not support the idea of to getting in contact with each publicly, do not force her or him to hold your hand as you walk through the park over the weekend or holiday trip. Respecting another person’s culture clearly shows that you have accepted them as they are. Every culture dictates differently when it comes to the standard way in which a man or woman should behave when dating. Therefore, it will not wise

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.422215
Retrieved Text: A 21-YEAR-OLD man set himself on fire and chased his girlfriend down the street during an argument with her.
The horrific incident took place outside a house in Kampung Bintang in the north-western Malaysian state of Perak at around 7.40pm on Monday and was filmed by a nearby CCTV camera.
In the footage, too graphic to publish, the unnamed man is seen arguing with a woman as she tries to take something from his hand, possibly a cigarette lighter.
However, as they tussle the man suddenly erupts in flames after presumably dousing himself in flammable liquid beforehand.
The woman runs away in shock as the flaming man falls to the ground.
He then gets to his feet and chases after the woman while completely on fire.
The 21-year-old runs back through the gate and crouches down by a wall before lying on the ground.
Meanwhile, the woman rushes back and picks up a bucket of water which she throws over her smouldering boyfriend.
Still alight and smoking, the man cowers by the wall as several people rush about, apparently trying to fetch more water.
According to local media, the young man suffered burns to 90 per cent of his body.
Police said that he set himself alight because of an intense row with his partner.
The case is currently being investigated as an attempted suicide.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.390015
Retrieved Text: As a writer for the local newspaper, Alex Hanson is naturally curious. When she crosses paths with Bobby, a bedraggled regular at Wilken's Place, she becomes intrigued. Who was this man, and what was his story? As she struggles to uncover the mystery surrounding Bobby, Alex realizes that maybe the same questions apply to her own life. Who was she, and what was her story?
'Songs About Life' is a witty, intelligent commentary about life as seen through the eyes of a successful thirty-something woman. Alex Hanson is every woman - flawed and scarred, tormented by demons from her past, and troubled by the uncertainties of her future. But she is also strong and real, determined to face whatever comes her way, doing it all with charm, dignity, and a sense of pride.
"My name is Matt." He held out his hand. Did I shake it or just thrust it down my shirt. I was torn.
Yes, Alex is a woman who knows what she wants. She just has absolutely no idea how to get it..."

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.2019
Retrieved Text: If you’re like me and loved Fiona Barton’s debut novel, ‘The Widow’, then you’re in for a treat, as she’s back in April 2017 with a new book called ‘The Child’.
I absolutely adored ‘The Widow’ so I can’t wait to get reading this book!
You can pre-order The Child from Amazon and will be available to buy from 6th April 2017.
‘The Widow’ is Fiona Barton’s debut novel.
We’ve all seen him: the man – the monster – staring from the front page of every newspaper, accused of a terrible crime. But what about the woman who grips his arm on the courtroom stairs – the woman who stands by him? Jean Taylor’s life was blissfully ordinary. Nice house, nice husband. Glen was all she’d ever wanted: her Prince Charming. Until he became that man accused, that monster on the front page. Jean was married to a man everyone thought capable of unimaginable evil. But now Glen is dead and she’s alone for the first time, free to tell her story on her own terms.
‘The Widow’ is an gripping and dark story where suspense oozes from the pages.
The story is seen from the perspective of three people, the widow, the detective and the reporter who are all involved in the disappearance of a young girl called Bella.
The story starts at the beginning when a man called Glen Taylor is killed by a bus. Glen was the key suspect in the disappearance of Bella and both Bob Sparkes, the detective and Kate, the reporter hope that now Glen is out

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.904533
Retrieved Text: HORRIFYING video shows a passenger being dragged along the platform on Rome's underground - while the driver was eating his lunch in the cab.
Natalya Garkovich, 43, ended up in intensive care with a broken back and punctured lung after the strap of her handbag was caught in the closing door.
Footage shows other passengers desperately trying to alert the driver as Natalya was dragged the length of the platform.
At least one person on board the train also pulled an emergency handle but the train failed to stop, according to local reports.
Driver Gianluca Tonelli - who is being investigated by criminal prosecutors - said the first he knew of the horror was when he pulled into the next station.
One report claimed Natalya survived by pulling herself close to the train as it approached the tunnel wall.
Other passengers eventually forced the door open, allowing her to fall.
The footage, from Termini metro station in central Rome, was published by the Corriere della Sera newspaper.
It shows dozens of passengers getting off the train and others boarding at the busy interchange.
At the far end of the platform, Belorus national Natalya can be seen cautiously stepping on board before apparently changing her mind and getting off again.
At that moment the doors close and the train moves away, dragging her along by her handbag.
Other footage reportedly shows Mr Tonelli eating forkfuls of food from a container before checking his mirror and pulling out of the station.
He told Corriere della Sera: "I know that I was wrong and I am devastated by what happened to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.849983
Retrieved Text: The episode starts with Alice visiting the grave of her grandfather and briefly catches sight of another woman at a different plot.
At the office, the group gets their picture taken for a newspaper piece about State Section III, and Alice gives the reporter Dalton a speech on the future that the Pumpkin Scissors are working for.
Later, Dalton pays a visit to Professor Kortu, the same man the Pumpkin Scissors group visited some time earlier to inquire about a tank. Looking at the Door Knocker gun on Kortu’s wall, Dalton reveals that he saw one of the weapon today being carried by Oland. He is interested in the point blank range project that was abandoned by the military and also in the Door Knocker itself, though Colt wants to know about Oland from him in exchange.
The next morning, Oland gets woken up in his normal sleeping spot outside by some other city folk who are impressed by what he does from the newspaper story. Oland passes the good word along to the rest of the group, but what they don’t know is that there are also people who look down upon Alice as a noble.
When Alice leaves home the next day, she finds Schultz at her door with flowers in hand, offering to take her to work. Alice insists on taking her normal routine of walking and is ambushed by the woman she saw at the cemetery. Alice goes willingly and tells Schultz that it’s for work.
Meanwhile, at the office, Dalton tells the group that he wants

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.786835
Retrieved Text: The woman at the well is in trouble. She shows up at noon to draw water from a well. And she shows up alone. First, no one does the hardest work of the day (drawing water), at the hottest hour of the day (noon). And women did not come to the well alone. There was safety in numbers from bandits and other unsavory kinds. But this woman from Samaria is all alone, at noon, with her bucket. Something has happened. Something has separated her from her people. Somehow she is ostracized. If you know the story, you know she has been married and divorced more times that she has fingers on one hand. In her land and time, this would have put her decidedly in the role of outcast. But, at this well, Jesus wades into and through her pain and shame. Though the women of her community have shunned her, the Savior engages her, and speaks peace and power to her soul. Those same women who rolled their eyes at her once, by the end of the story, see her as a spokesperson of truth.
When we have been hurt, shunned, abused, and set apart in painful ways, at a well of living water there awaits one who loves us and welcomes us into a changed status, a status of being made whole. May the one who makes this feeling possible walk with us through this season of Lent.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.773926
Retrieved Text: In May, the 30-year-old woman, named as "Ly Thi N", pretended she had been hit by a train, the People's Police Newspaper of Vietnam reports.
But she has now reportedly admitted to having paid a friend $2,200 (£1,660) to sever her limbs.
The aim was to claim more than $150,000 from her insurance company.
A supposed bystander, "Doan Van D", the same person who did the cutting, had called an ambulance after "finding" the injured woman on a Hanoi railroad.
Pictures published by the official police newspaper showed the woman three months later, with her wounds healed.
She is believed to run a struggling business, according to local media.
The unusual case has led to heated discussion on social media in Vietnam.
"A very typical case of insurance fraud. The kind of joke that only happens in Vietnam," Facebook user Ly Phan posted.
"Lost 50 million, 1 hand, 1 leg, and now you are at risk to go to jail. No benefit at all."
Several users decried the woman for the dangerous move, while others questioned how desperate she must have been.
"She may be going bankrupt or urgently need money to do something like that. It is never easy to cheat insurance companies," Thanh Phuong Quynh Le said.
Hoa Nguyen said she felt sympathy for the woman: "How destitute must a person be to do such a thing?"
Police have dropped the criminal investigation against both suspects, the Tuoi Tre newspaper reports.
Le Van Luan, of the Hanoi Bar Association, told the BBC that it would be difficult to find the appropriate law to charge the pair with

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.715023
Retrieved Text: HANOI, Vietnam (AP) - North Koreans have been getting a quicker, more polished look at their leader as he meets with President Donald Trump in Vietnam in their second summit. But one thing hasn't changed at all - North Korea's media have one story to tell, and it's always about the infallibility of the glorious leader.
Even before his first handshake with Trump, photos of leader Kim Jong Un were featured Wednesday on the front page of the ruling party's daily newspaper, Rodong Sinmun. The news of his travels was also broadcast on nationwide television.
There appears to be an effort to present the news in a somewhat more visually appealing manner.
Man-in-the-street interviews, which have often been carefully staged and done in several takes to make sure they come out just right, are looking more casual. One woman was interviewed while riding a trolley, another at her station in a factory in a soft light.
What the people have to say, however, is as predictable as ever.
Nearly every interviewee speaks of their ardent wish for Kim to return home safely, of their intense longing for his guidance and how he has inspired them to work ever harder for the glory of their nation.
The news component has been fairly cautious.
There is little or no significant news about what the two leaders discuss. Denuclearization is almost never mentioned, nor is the debate in the United States about the merits of meeting with Kim at all.
The vast majority of North Korean people do not have access to foreign media, and the domestic

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.691036
Retrieved Text: A woman from Atlanta, Georgia has slashed her boyfriend with a sword after he tried to molest her 5-year-old girl.
The woman and her daughter were taken to hospital after the authorities responded to her home in late Thursday night, 14th March.
Her husband surrendered the following morning who had a cut on his left hand.
He was charged with aggravated child molestation and two counts of cruelty to children and remains in jail as of now.
A Georgia woman slashed her boyfriend after she reportedly found him molesting her 5-year-old daughter last Thursday night.
The Twiggs County Sheriff's Office responded to an emergency call that reported there was an "unwanted subject on the property."
The Sheriff's Office reported when police they arrived at her house in Central Georgia, they met a woman who accused her boyfriend, John Lawarren Williams of molestation.
When deputies made contact with the complainant, it was discovered the complainant's boyfriend had been caught molesting a five-year-old female child.
had cut the subject with a large sword while attempting to get the subject to leave the residence. The subject fled the residence by the time deputies arrived.
The woman and her child were taken to a nearby hospital, however, their condition is unknown. Her boyfriend, 25, surrendered to authorities several hours later, around 6 in the next morning. He had a cut on his left hand from the sword.
Williams has been taken to jail and he remains there without any bond. Sources reported he was charged with aggravated child molestation and two counts of cruelty to children. The defendant has not

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.629993
Retrieved Text: Jake longs for the life men lived before war destroyed everything and women enslaved them. When fate forces a temporary reprieve from imprisonment, escape becomes his primary objective. Until his new captor sparks hope, and something far more passionate, in his lonely heart.
After giving up on romance, Monica dedicated herself to sheltering unfortunate souls from a harsh new society. But then destiny delivered a desperate man to her doorstep. A man she soon discovers she cannot ignore and would do anything to save.
Will Monica be able to free Jake from the vicious woman who wants to break him? Or will Jake be forced to leave Monica behind to save himself?
“Welcome to our home,” she said in a friendly voice.
He flicked another glance in her direction, but only nodded in reply. He was so wound up with dread and anxiety from the drug, he could barely communicate; yet he was not so unnerved or disorientated that he didn’t notice her breathtaking beauty.
He couldn’t work any moisture into his mouth. His throat was too tight and his shaking so bad, he knew he would stutter unintelligibly if he tried to utter a single word.
“Are you cold?” the woman asked.
He shook his head, still unable to speak.
He looked up again and then back at the ground. He opened his mouth, but nothing came out. Coughing, he tried again.
Something in her tone, or maybe it was just his fear of being close to another woman with power over him, sent an icy shiver of dread down Jake’s spine.
She rested a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.616634
Retrieved Text: John Grove watched the man kill the woman, and felt nothing. He made no attempt to stop him but not because he feared for his life or had anything against the woman. In fact, he had never seen either of them until the day of the murder. He watched the woman sit on the small bench across from him, place her small black purse down beside her, and start reading the paper. John guessed her to be at least fifty, but not because of the way she looked. Her hair reached to her shoulders and was a dark brown that was just beginning to show hints of grey. Her face knew few signs of age, which made her somewhat beautiful for an older woman. She wore clothes that would have looked just as good on someone younger. Looking at her, John saw no reason to think her any older than thirty nine or maybe forty, but he could not shake the feeling that his first guess would have been much closer to the truth.
The murderer was a much younger man than she. In the old days one would probably have called him a hoodlum or a punk, but John could not place a title to him because he shown no signs of being either. He was dressed no different than John had seen a million young men dressed around town, neither distinguished nor ragged. He had light blond hair that hung into his blue eyes. His face was long and horse-like in nature. His body was

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.404507
Retrieved Text: A man was arrested for harassing a woman wearing a shirt with a Puerto Rican flag - and a police officer is being investigated for not intervening.
Video of the June 14 incident at an undisclosed Cook County Forest Preserve has since gone viral, garnering more than 1 million views on Facebook alone.
Facebook A woman was attacked by this man at a park near Chicago because she was wearing a Puerto Rico flag shirt. The video shows a man angrily approaching a woman who is filming him as he yells "You're not gonna change us" while a nearby police officer stands by his vehicle and looks away as the distressed woman calls out for help. "My point is, why are you wearing that?" he says, pointing at her. "Why are you wearing that?"
Irizzary was wearing a shirt made to look like the Puerto Rico flag, with the words "Puerto Rico" written on the top. He also said, "You're not going to change us".
'I'm an American citizen.I'm not trying to change anyone, I just came here for a birthday party, ' Irizzary tells him as he gets in her face. "I would like to know is she an American citizen?" Like, this guy's just walking up to me. The June incident, which the governor of Puerto Rico said "appalled, shocked, and disturbed" him, spread shock on social media.
A then-unidenfied man, pictured, was shown harassing the woman, questioning her citizenship. "Please, officer", the woman can be heard saying. I do not feel comfortable with him here, is there anything

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.287445
Retrieved Text: Ishaan understands himself that Sandhya must have placed the condition for Mauli to leave Kunal’s family. Does she understand how much it hurt him, because Mauli avoided him? Sandhya says she only thought for her son, and right now she can’t bear Kunal and Mauli’s daughters here in this house; whether she will live here or these girls. Ishaan politely tells Sandhya she must visit Delhi, he will book her tickets. These girls have no place to live but Sandhya has a house.
Mauli takes her pillow into the hall and sleeps on the couch. Kunal wakes up during the night, he sits beside Mauli caressing her hair and bends to kiss her cheek. Mauli sits up at once. Kunal asks her to relax, it’s me only. He asks why she is sleeping on the couch here. Mauli says she thought about reading a bit then fall asleep. She says she is really sleepy. Kunal offers to pick her up. Mauli walks with him into the room. Kunal had fallen asleep while Mauli lay haunted by Kunal and her breakup. Kunal turns to her side and place her hand over Mauli’s stomach.
The next morning, Ishaan cooks breakfast for the girls. Pari and Mishti taps the table demanding breakfast. Ishaan asks them to keep patience, its world’s best chef cooking pancakes for them. There will be yummy chocolates in it and they will surely enjoy it. He flips a pancake but instead of going into the plate, it jumps on the floor. Ishaan makes up that it’s a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.283596
Retrieved Text: 21-23. Then Jesus went thence, and departed into the region of Tyre and Sidon. And behold, a woman of Canaan came from that region, and cried unto Him, saying, "Have mercy on me, O Lord, Thou Son of David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a demon." But He answered her not a word.
Why did He not allow the disciples to go by way of the Gentiles [Mt. 10:5], while He Himself went to Tyre and Sidon, which were Gentile cities? Learn then, that He did not go there to preach, since, as Mark says, "He hid Himself" [Mk. 7:24]. But rather, when He saw that the Pharisees had not accepted His words about food, He went to the Gentiles. The woman said, "Have mercy, not on my daughter, who is unconscious, but on me who am suffering and experiencing these terrible things." And she did not say, "Come and heal," but "Have mercy." He did not answer her a word, not out of contempt, but to show that He had come, in the first place, for the Jews, and to shut the mouths of those Jews who might later slanderously accuse Him of doing good to Gentiles. He also refrained from answering her so that He might reveal the persevering faith of the woman.
23-24. And His disciples came and besought Him, saying, "Send her away; for she crieth after us." But He answered and said, "I am sent only unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel."
The disciples were oppressed by the cry of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.23104
Retrieved Text: Reader of romance and sometimes writer. Lover of many things including music, wine, and chocolate.
This is a clean historical romance. It almost read like a virgin version of FSoG.
Dinah is intent on "curing" Graham from his "love" disease. She thinks there's a cure for everything and decides he'd be her test subject. Graham doesn't believe he can be cured and believes her notions are kind of out there, but he does it anyway. He's so hung up on the woman he thought was the one, he'd do anything to make the feeling go away.
As Dinah begins her experiments, which include a bit of pinching as he tells her how he met the woman of his life, they agree on a "safe word" though they don't call it that. Dinah explains its got to be something he wouldn't normally say, and how she'd cease her pinching and pulling of hair immediately when/if he says it [eye roll].
They part ways and only see each other again every year at the Belles' birthday bash, but they mail each other letters, and Graham talks her into reading more Shakespeare.
Tragedy strikes in his family. They accept their feelings for each other and just when they're ready to tell everyone about it they have to wait. It turns out others have the same announcement. Then the woman Graham thought he loved shows up again, and Dinah doesn't trust his feelings for her.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.226974
Retrieved Text: In House Opposite by R.K. Narayan we have the theme of judgement, discomfort, connection, pity, selfishness and kindness. Taken from his Under the Banyan Tree and Other Stories collection the story is narrated in the third person by an unnamed narrator and after reading the story the reader realises that Narayan may be exploring the theme of judgement. The hermit is continually judging the woman in the house opposite in a negative way. Basing his opinion of her on the amount of men who come to her home on a daily basis. Though the hermit can’t prove it he considers that the woman’s house is a house of ill-repute and as such she should not be allowed to live on the same street as him. This may be important as the hermit is not showing any charity to the woman though he himself is a religious man. If anything he is thinking only of his own discomfort rather than how desperate the woman herself may be living the lifestyle she is living. At no stage in the story does the hermit attempt to make a connection with the woman and to discover what her real story may be. If anything the hermit is working off assumptions when it comes to how he interprets the woman.
It is however interesting that the hermit does eventually pity the old woman when he thinks more about her life and sees her closer when she offers him some food. A charitable act that in many ways may upset the hermit as

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.210983
Retrieved Text: Anne-Marie reads small articles in the Hindi newspaper for our reading class. Her choices are always very interesting.
In the last one she brought up, a young woman who is being sexually harrassed in her in-laws family confides in a young man who gives her hopes of finding a solution. He rents a room for her in another village, but sells her for 20’000 Rs. The in-laws find her and bring her back to their home.
The guy who sold her is found. The pancayat shave his head, colour his face black and drive him out of the village on a donkey. Then they sell his house.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.165825
Retrieved Text: So I got this idea on the train (unsurprisingly) this morning. I haven’t done more than a cursory initial edit so apologies for any spelling mistakes/grammatical errors! The image of the two doing puzzles has been bubbling away in my head all day, and while I did consider lengthening it and giving them a proper story I quite like the snapshot as is right now. It’s been a while since I’ve posted something creative, so I hope you enjoy!
Tim looked up as someone sat down heavily opposite him. A young woman was going through her bag, a dark green headscarf wrapped neatly around her hair. She must’ve only been in her 20s, he thought, and reddened as he considered how he may appear to her. An older, white male with the Daily Mail in front of him – he was surprised that she’d even considered sitting there; he certainly wouldn’t have.
‘Rough day?’ He said with a smile, noticing the stressed look on her face.
‘You could say that.’ She smiled back meekly. She looked down at her hands, and by extension his newspaper, on the table.
Some fellow commuters turned to stare at them as she laughed.
‘Of course not, it’d only on the fire with the rest of it otherwise.’ He tore the page, handing her half of the newspaper to lean on.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.964157
Retrieved Text: Talk about a witchy woman.
A South Carolina woman allegedly assaulted her roommate after he refused to turn off rock music by the Eagles late Monday, The Post and Courier reports. Vernett Bader, 54, of Brossy Circle, was charged with criminal domestic violence of a high and aggravated nature.
Bader’s 64-year-old roommate suffered stab wounds to his arm, hand and elbow, police said. The victim told police Bader became angered with him while he was listening to the Eagles and watching television with his brother.
Bader said she didn’t want to listen to the band and her roommate responded by telling her to shut up, according to a police report. She then grabbed a serrated knife and swung it at the man, police said.
All three people were intoxicated when the stabbing occurred, police said. Bader was being held at the Charleston County jail on Tuesday pending a bond hearing, the newspaper reports.
Click for more from The Post and Courier.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.928864
Retrieved Text: The parents of a woman accused of murdering her father and sister apparently declined psychiatric treatment for her last year because of their Scientology beliefs, a report tendered in court states.
And a police version of events tendered to the court outlined the nightmarish scenario faced by the family's neighbours following the alleged murders.
The psychiatric report on the 25-year-old woman, who is also charged with committing grievous bodily harm on her mother at Revesby in Sydney's west last Thursday, was done at Liverpool Hospital by Mark Cross, consultant psychiatrist and clinical director of the Liverpool and Fairfield Mental Health Services.
Dr Cross stated that the woman was diagnosed with a psychiatric illness late last year but follow-up from the mental health team at Bankstown Hospital was apparently declined by her parents due to their alleged Scientology beliefs.
The woman subsequently saw a private psychiatrist and was prescribed anti-depressants and anti-psychotic drugs.
She took those drugs until January this year when she felt better and wanted to work things through on her own, the report stated.
She had moved back home with her parents following a relationship breakdown and other stresses, including changing to an evangelical church.
She had been working with her father for a year in his electronics business.
Dr Cross reported that the woman said her symptoms re-emerged in January this year, including panic, anxiety, depression and anger, as well as feeling paranoid and unsafe at home.
The woman stated that her parents did not want her to take the medication she had been prescribed and apparently started her on medication they

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man is outside of a building. He is using commercial lawn mowing equipment. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: walks back and forth as he mows the grass.

Ending 2: is animated as he does the task.

Ending 3: relaxes, making sure his lawn is pristine.

Ending 4: runs from one side of the building to the other.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.165154
Retrieved Text: What do you do when a tornado is nearby? Like, we mean what do you when a tornado is like REALLY close to your house? Well, you mow your lawn, apparently.
This photo of a Canadian man mowing his lawn as a tornado can be seen rumbling towards him was shared thousands of times on social media this weekend.
The man in the Friday's photograph is Theunis Wessels of Alberta, Canada.
His wife, Cecilla, says that mowing the lawn was on Theunis' "to do list" Friday evening. She went to take a nap, but she says that her 9-year-old daughter woke her up because she was worried about her dad staying outside during the storm. Cecilla took a photo, and then she shared it on her social media accounts.
Theunis says, however, that the photo made the storm look more ominous than it actually was. He told the Times Columnist that the tornado was pretty far away, but he was "keeping an eye on it" as he mowed the lawn.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.877308
Retrieved Text: Many people enjoy a great looking lawn and garden but it is not always easy to find the time and maintain equipment. Well-trimmed grass, manicured shrubs, and healthy thriving plants are just a few qualities that people look for in a perfectly maintained garden.
No doubt, achieving such a beautiful lawn requires a considerable amount of time and effort. Homeowners must be up to the challenge of not only mowing their lawns regularly, but also making sure that they are doing it the right way and with the right tools.
Why do all these on your own when you can seek help from experienced professionals from Acre Lawns, local lawn mowing Templestowe and surrounding areas? Let us be the ones to help you achieve a great looking lawn.
There are many different aspects to maintaining a healthy lawn. At Acre Lawns Templestowe we have extensive knowledge and experience to ensure you lawn is given the best chance to thrive.
All our lawn mowing service quotes include lawn mowing, edging and blowing.
One of the most important things of lawn mowing services is to ensure the right equipment is used and well maintained. Many lawns are different and need to be cut at the appropriate height. By cutting too low, it may impact on root development and prevent you from having the lush green lawn you have always wanted.
Another important aspect of maintaining and beautiful lawn is fertilizing. The easiest and most affordable fertilizer is by mulching your lawn which we encourage you to do. When done correctly and with the right

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.992393
Retrieved Text: Husband-and-wife team Luke and Lana Hansford bring yin and yang balance to Pink and Green Lawn Care and Landscape.
Before the recession, Luke Hansford wore a suit and worked in an air-conditioned office. He and his wife Lana worked for an IT staffing company, where he managed the sales team and she ran operations. Although they’re still in similar roles today, their surroundings have since changed drastically.
In 2008, they found themselves out of work in the wake of the Great Recession. A few weeks later, they found out they were expecting their first child. They needed to pay bills, but no one was hiring.
A neighbor suggested they start a lawn care service. Luke had previous experience cutting grass for a friend who owned a landscaping business in Michigan, so he knew he could hit the ground running.
They leveraged what they had learned about sales, management, finance and customer service from their old employer to start building a business. It helped that they were surrounded by support: Luke’s brother loaned them $5,000 to buy some used equipment from Craigslist. A friend from their church shared his knowledge from several decades in the industry, and several volunteers from the congregation helped secure the company’s first customers in exchange for a barbecue dinner.
Hansford knew pink vehicles would help his crews stand out among the other lawn care and landscaping companies in the South Florida area.
Within the first year, customers began introducing growth opportunities that expanded the company beyond residential lawn care. For example, one man called Hansford out of the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.574184
Retrieved Text: Lawn Mowing and Maintenance Available for Detroit Lakes, MN Area Commercial and Residential Properties!
We provide our customers with weekly mowing, edging, and other tasks that are performed from May through September.
In the Detroit Lakes area of MN, the most common lawn types are Kentucky Bluegrass, Fine Fescue, and Perennial Ryegrass. These lawns are best kept at a height of 3 to 3.5 inches. Our weekly mowing maintains the perfect height for a healthy lawn and keeps your grass looking fresh all season long. Contact us today to learn how we can give your lawn the lush, green look you want.
Our team will perform edging around your driveway, walkways, and landscaping beds. We use power edgers to get crisp, clean lines that create an even finish across your entire lawn.
Using our powered string trimmers, we trim hard to reach places where our mowers cannot access. These types of areas are generally around your house, fences, trees, hardscaping elements, and other obstacles on your property.
At the end of your services, we use commercial grade blowers to remove grass clippings from your sidewalks and driveway. We leave your property immaculate and provide you with a curb appeal that's the envy of your neighbors.
Our lawn mowing and maintenance services are only offered as a routine, ongoing package and are not available as a one-time service.
In addition to regular mowing, our current customers can take advantage of weed pulling, light landscaping, and mulching services. If you are not a current customer, you can contact us for these additional services for your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.43005
Retrieved Text: Ariens Lawn Mowers are made by Husqvarna Outdoor Products, which is owned by Ariens Company. The largest retailer of Ariens Lawn Mowers is The Home Depot, as of 2015. There are numerous independent retailers throughout North America that sell Ariens products, as well.
Ariens Company sells residential mowing equipment under two brand names, Ariens and Gravely. Commercial mowing equipment is sold under the Gravely and Parker brands. Commercial equipment must be purchased through an independent retailer, as The Home Depot does not carry it.
Lawn equipment available from the Ariens Company includes lawn mowers, zero turn mowers, robotic mowers, tractors, and articulating riders.
Official Ariens Parts - Low Price, Best Quality.
Buy Ariens Lawn Mower Parts. Fastest Shipping - Low Prices.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.39116
Retrieved Text: Save big on Lodge cast-iron skillets, Hunter waterproof boots, denim and apparel from Levi’s and so much more. Duer’s performance denim is stretchy, durable and insanely comfortable. Today only, you c.
The lawn experts at DIYNetwork.com share basic tips for mowing and maintaining a healthy lawn.
A mower is essential equipment for anyone who wants a trim and tidy lawn. of grass shearing, check out the latest in lawn mowers and mowing techniques.
“It has been a big problem with parking too close to intersections. She asked how this would affect lawn mowers. The aldermen said the ordinance addresses exceptions, like her example. Cherry said.
7 Responses to “Advanced Technique for Striping Your Lawn With Your Lawn Mower” How to Mow Stripes in Your Lawn Like a Golf Course Fairway | Life and Lawns Says: May 25th, 2008 at 6:11 pm. Following are 2 ways to mow stripes in your lawn that resemble a golf course fairway or baseball outfield, using your own home lawn mower.
Lean, Mean And Green Mowing Machine Mow With Joe – With its durable steel blade cuts a 20-inch wide path with precision on each pass and features a convenient 7-position manual height adjustment for maximum control.
My dream machine would have big, sad eyes and soft, floppy ears. Now we spend millions of dollars on high-tech mowers that guzzle our resources, pollute our environment and sully our weekends with.
Sarlo Power Mowers has been supplying machines to keep grass well-trimmed. “He was a pragmatic individual. He knew that big wheels would go easier on soft soil.” Now,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.035496
Retrieved Text: A Washington man made a disturbing discovery while out mowing his lawn one day after he heard a loud scream from down the street.
Matt Knight of Spokane said he was outside mowing his lawn when he heard a scream that caught his attention. He followed the sound to a nearby home, where he found a toddler strapped to a fence with a bungee cord.
Knight took a picture of what he found in order to have evidence of the incident. The toddler had been tied to the metal gate in front of the home with a bungee cord dangerously close to her throat.
While out in front of the home, a woman claiming to be the toddler’s mother came outside and told Knight that the child must have tangled herself in the cords, but did not say why she may have been outside by herself in the first place.
According to KHQ, police have been called to the house on three separate occasions for reports of a child being left unattended. In one incident, the toddler was outside alone, crawling in the streets.
“Because of the previous things that had happened there, I wanted some photo evidence versus a bunch of heresy,” Knight told KHQ.
Knight says he hopes that Child Protective Services will step in to help the child before it’s too late.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.601017
Retrieved Text: Walker Mowers Australia – Zero Turn Mowers | The Walker zero-turn commercial lawn mower or riding mower, is the most productive, compact ride on mower producing natural lawn stripes and a beautiful cut lawn and grass .
Walker mowers have long been renowned for their quality and productivity. If this wasn't enough, here are 10 reasons why you need a Walker next time you need to upgrade your mowing equipment.
Walker range that makes residential mowing chores a breeze.
More professional, heavy-duty and robust mowing equipment.
Designed and manufactured to out-cut and outlast all other mowers.
The best in time saving functionality, longevity and performance.
Our range of Walker lawn mowers is proudly sold, serviced and supported Australia wide by our network of highly specialised service centres.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.53863
Retrieved Text: Are you tired of dealing with having to mow your lawn and store all of that lawn equipment when it's not being used? Maybe you own a commercial property with a high-visibility lawn you'd like cut regularly? When the sun shines in Winnipeg during the spring and summer, the grass grows full-time and without a regular mowing schedule, your property won't look so sharp.
Terrace Property Maintenance Ltd. Is a full-service property maintenance company based out of Winnipeg, Manitoba. We specialize in all aspects of residential and commercial lawn mowing services including lawn mowing, edging, trimming and blowing out of garden beds of any debris. We'll always leave your property looking sharper than we've found it!
Why Choose Terrace Property Maintenance Ltd. For Lawn Mowing Services in Winnipeg, MB?
If you'd like to receive an estimate for lawn care services from Terrace Property Maintenance Ltd. please give us a call (204) 202-6939 or send us an email through our contact form and we'll get right back to you.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.35234
Retrieved Text: When you run a physical business in Washington, DC, lawn care should be a top consideration. The way your property looks can end up as the difference between a potential client or customer deciding to check out your business—or deciding to go elsewhere. Here are three reasons to choose commercial lawn mowing services.
When your lawn has a groomed look, for example, a look featuring straight lines, you make a much better impression than when your lawn is mowed without much advance thought, for instance, if a neighborhood teen was paid to mow the grass. Commercial lawn mowing services such as SML Services have years of expertise in mowing, and we know the types of equipment and mowers to use. For example, we have specialized tools to ensure neat lines around items such as fences, trees and driveways, and we blow grass clippings out of the way so that they never become an eyesore.
Contact us today to find out how we can help make your lawn shine. At SML Services, we understand that time is important. Equally important is making excellent first impressions on clients or customers. That’s why we strive to provide impeccable commercial lawn mowing services so that you can focus on what you do best while bringing more folks to your business.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.005947
Retrieved Text: Mile High Mowing offers deep core lawn aeration service for residential properties utilizing the best lawn aeration equipment and techniques available. Why lawn aeration? Lawn aeration service is vital for all lawns and helps promote the overall health of your lawn. The benefit of lawn aeration includes increased water retention, air penetration, and the reduction of soil compaction.
Mile High Mowing offers the best spring lawn aeration and fall lawn aeration service in Broomfield Colorado. At Mile High Mowing, we utilize the best commercial lawn aerators available to ensure the deepest lawn aeration cores possible. Aeration is $40. Vary small lawns or very large lawns may require an estimate. Contact us to set up an appointment.
Overseeding is offered with or without aeration. Mile High Mowing offers an overseeding application both in the spring and fall. Overseeding is recommended for anyone who wishes to make their lawn greener and lusher. Mile High Mowing uses Kentucky Blue grass seed. Seeds will germinate and start growing in two to four weeks.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.916897
Retrieved Text: Northern Lights Lawn Mowing Services is offering general gardening services around Coolalinga. Our lawn mowing experts in Coolalinga are committed to providing 100% satisfied lawn mowing work in Coolalinga. Our lawn mowing services team in Coolalinga provide the highest quality lawn mowing and garden services care with friendly service in Coolalinga. Our team offers an outstanding and reliable Coolalinga lawn mowing services with both quality and state of the art equipment.
Our regular Coolalinga lawn mowing service comes a little cheaper so it might even save you the cost of buying or replacing a lawn mower. Our lawn mowing experts in Coolalinga are offered to both commercial and domestic clients. No lawn is ever too small or too large. To take advantage of our lawn mowing service in Coolalinga, all you need do is drop us a line or send us an email, our lawn mowing services team in Coolalinga will pop round and give you a free no obligation estimate.
Northern Lights Lawn Mowing Services in Coolalinga aim is to help you make your lawn and garden look more attractive with a competitive rate offer. Our lawn mowing team in Coolalinga are dedicated to providing a quality lawn mowing workmanship and satisfying gardening services every time. Our Coolalinga team can provide a lawn mowing maintenance and gardening services to keep your garden in excellent condition.
If you are looking for lawn mowing services or garden maintenance experts in Coolalinga, don't look any further as Northern Lights Mowing Services will get the job for you.
Do you have other services

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.916008
Retrieved Text: Here you will see a showcase of some of the most beautiful landscaping in the area that Barger Lawn Care has proudly added to their portfolio. The pictures show a variety of landscaping and lawn care jobs performed in West Chester, Monroe, Middletown, Liberty Township, OH. The lawn mowing staff at our company is unparalleled for the cost compared to results. Just browse through this lawn mowing portfolio to view what a proper mowing crew could make your own lawn resemble. Perhaps our most publicized lawn & landscaping picture comes from a beautiful home in Wetherington, Ohio (just outside of West Chester), it sits right on the water of the private golf course. Amazing Lawn Care in Mason, Ohio.
We offer lawn mowing & landscaping nearly year round.
We offer snow plowing for commercial properties.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.851894
Retrieved Text: Emil Motycka is now the VP of Customer Success at Rachio, an innovative, smart sprinkler and water conservation company.
Emil’s Lawns was a full-service lawn care company based in Northern Colorado.
Emil Motycka started mowing lawns at 8 years old. At 13, he took out his first loan: $8000 to purchase a commercial lawn mower. At 14, he purchased a truck. The rest is history.
When I first started [in business], my mom was still tucking me in at night.
Emil first flirted with business when he was in the first grade. Living across the street from a golf course provided a free and steady supply of stray golf balls. He would collect the golf balls, wash them off in his mother’s sink, and then sell them near the fairway for a dollar a pop.
When I was in third or fourth grade, I had a teacher who wanted us to explore career paths…. Since I liked big machines and being outside, I wanted to be a landscaper.
In the process of writing the paper, Emil learned a lot about the landscaping industry and saw the potential money to be made in mowing lawns. $10 a lawn would make him $20 an hour. None of his friends were making that much.
Emil’s first customers were his aunt and uncle. They paid him $10 to mow their lawn. There was one problem though – he didn’t have a trimmer. So he got on his hands and knees, and used a pair of scissors to finish the job.
When I was younger, even though they respected

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.580547
Retrieved Text: We provide professional janitorial and lawn care services to a diverse customer base, including banks, businesses, offices and government buildings. Jan-Pro assists in the overall upkeep of properties to ensure a crisp and attractive appearance. With industrial janitorial and lawn care equipment and reliable crews, Jan-Pro seeks to meet your property management needs.
Janitorial: Efficient and effective cleaning of restrooms, floors, office spaces and reception areas—we even do kitchen sinks. Do you have a cleaning project and you aren’t sure how to do it? Let us figure it out for you!
Flooring Maintenance: Stripping and waxing tile floors, buffing hard floors, and restoration of wood floors. If your floor looks dingy and dull, let us put a shine on it that will remind you of the morning sun.
Carpet Care: Commercial cleaning, vacuuming, spot cleaning and wet cleaning. Chances are, your carpet is dirty, fortunately for you we not only have the expertise, but the equipment to clean your carpet and keep it clean.
Window Cleaning: We utilize a diverse set of equipment and skills to clean windows. High or low, inside or outside—we can meet your needs. We understand that you do not want to look at the window but through the window, so our goal is a spot-free window every time.
Finish Mowing: Professional mowing, trimming and edging. We use commercial-grade leaf blowers to clean clippings from sidewalks, driveways, and roadways on and around your property. We make your lawn look so good that you won’t want to stay inside!
Lawn Treatment: Spring and fall fertilizing, dandelion and weed control,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.337215
Retrieved Text: Lawn mowing services are ten a penny, so what makes getting Gardeners Barnes’s help with mowing the lawn the right choice for you?
We’ll fit in around your schedule with our seven-day availability. We’ll work quickly and professionally, using the kind of efficient, lightweight equipment which means we can get into even the most securely hidden garden. And we offer a clear price on the work you want done upfront – one which won’t be subject to change later on.
You can talk to us about the lawn mowing you need 24 hours a day – whenever you have the free time!
This is an hourly-rated service which can include lawn mowing for a grassy area of any size. We work with both domestic and commercial clients with equal ease, so you can book us no matter where the grass you need cut is situated.
Your service will always begin with you meeting your team of two professional gardeners at your front door or garden gate. They’ll do a quick circuit of your garden with you if you like, or you can simply talk to them about what you want done from the comfort of inside!
We work without breaks to accomplish your service. And we can even take away up to 180 litres of the cut grass that’s created after your service is done.
We also offer a wide range of other services, including gutter cleaning and weeding and pruning. Book all you need at the same time to see how much you can save!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.323257
Retrieved Text: Use StartLocal® to find the most popular lawn mowing in WA: Bunbury and South West. Average review rating: 5 stars from 1 reviews.
Lawn mowing service includes whipper snipping, spraying and edging as requested. Pruning trees to 5m, roses and shrubs.
A professional lawn mowing and gardening service that will leave you satisfied every visit.
We specialise in commercial and industrial lawn mowing including public open spaces, verges & entry statements and slashing.
Paul (the owner) was friendly and kind and had time to talk instead of arrive, get the job done, lea...ve, send an invoice. He added that personal touch you don't see in many people. I would reccomend him for any job in the Albany area.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.268173
Retrieved Text: A well-kept lawn is the single most noticeable exterior feature of a high-performing business or welcoming apartment complex. Even so, there are only so many hours in the day — most business owners and property managers don't have the time to focus on their lawn. The professionals at Core 3 Maintenance & Landscaping can take care of your business' exterior, and you can focus on the things at the top of your priority list. Sound like a win-win? If so, click the link below to learn more about our expert mowing services.
We provide commercial mowing services in Bloomington IL to homeowner associations (HOAs), business complexes, doctor's offices, hospitals, restaurants, as well as student housing and other commercial properties. We work with property managers including housing and apartment managers to ease their workload and keep their properties in top shape.
If you are a multi-family housing manager and are searching for a professional firm to perform mowing tasks, then look no further. Core 3 Maintenance and Landscaping offers quality mowing services to keep your premises beautiful and appealing. We employ only the best mowing techniques in the industry to deliver efficient jobs that minimize disruption and disturbance to your tenants. As we perform professional mowing services, we keep in mind not only your profitability but also the well-being of your residents. Thus, we ensure quality work every time we mow the lawns of apartment complexes. We recognize the need of people for a wide, beautiful space to spend time in, so we ensure a clean and healthy living

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.236015
Retrieved Text: The John Deere Co. manufactures commercial and residential lawn and yard equipment, from tractors to push mowers. Because most of their equipment operates with gasoline-powered engines, oil …... John Deere Original Equipment Push/Pull Cable - GC90194 This fits John Deere walk behind mower models: 12PB, 12PC, 12SB, 14PB, 14PZ, 14SB, 14SC, 14SE, 14SZ, 14SX, JA65, JE75, JX75, JX85 This is a genuine John Deere part. Thanks for looking!.
The MTD push mower use many types of Briggs and Stratton engines on their push mowers. You should change the oil on the MTD push mower at the start of each mowing season. Briggs and Stratton recommends using 10W-30 motor oil for all season mowing. When draining the oil on your MTD you will need to find out if you have a drain plug. Usually if your oil fill cap is yellow or white, the oil …... We have all the top brands, too, including Greenworks lawn mowers, Troy-Bilt mowers, John Deere mowers and more. Keep your yard green and lush with fertilizer and the right amount of watering. Make sure to grab lawn mower parts and baggers for your existing mower.
Where is the oil plug on a John Deere 14PZ lawn mower?
Park the John Deere 100 series mower on a solid level surface such as a driveway or floor of a workshop. Set the parking brake to help prevent the mower from rolling. Set the parking brake to help prevent the mower from rolling.
c CAUTION: Avoid injury! · Used oil will harm environment and people if it is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.168587
Retrieved Text: As the weather warms up, lawn. mower blades and have your mower serviced. Delay fertilizer applications until the end of March or early April to allow the grass to recover from winter dormancy.
At the same time, it ought to be humbling that so many people chose to vote for the guy with the lawn mower and weed whacker over the guy with degrees from Wharton School of Finance and Commerce and.
According to the initial affidavit, Romero stabbed Bowen once in the chest with the sword during an argument that began over the use of a community lawn mower both men used at their homes. Romero was.
Authorities say a Kenner man broke into his neighbors’ backyard sheds and stole power tools and other lawn equipment. Arthur Loyacano, 29, 3411 California Ave., was booked with two counts of simple.
Donaldsonville is missing more than $27,000 worth of lawn equipment from its temporary barn located at 2208 Thibaut Drive, Ascension Parish officials said Tuesday. A city supervisor told deputies.
Jan 01, 2004 · $50K-$100K for a boat and people shop for the cheapest fuel stabilizer they can find. Kind of like buying $250 reels and putting them on $50 rods.
Folks who like to get outside and make the world just a little more beautiful are digging, pruning, planting, and gassing up their lawn mowers in anticipation of. look long before they spotted a.
Officials also advise waiting until after 6 p.m. to refuel vehicles or use gas-powered lawn equipment. More information is available at the Louisiana DEQ website or by calling 866-896-5337.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.1604
Retrieved Text: Boynton Beach Florida Residential Landscape and Maintenance. For O'Hara Landscape and Maintenance in Boynton Beach, Landscape maintenance is an important aspect of keeping your home looking beautiful. O'Hara Landscape maintenance and design is available for both residential landscaping and commercial landscaping. Residential homes in South Florida need constant lawn mowing and trimming of plants and hedges. Whether you have a small garden or a large landscape design on your property, keeping your lawn trimmed and maintained at the proper time will keep your property looking clean and neat. Proper lawn maintenance and trimming on your property is done with our sharp blades.
Your lawn will look beautiful. Home landscaping is also part of what O'Hara Landscape and Maintenance in Boynton Beach can do to give your home a fresh new look on the outside. Maintenance of your lawn includes trimming your lawn, trimming your hedges, mowing your lawn and removing all litter from the lawns during every mowing operation. Boynton Beach Florida Residential Landscape and Maintenance. We also add new mulch to your gardens to keep your plants happy and your gardens growing. As a homeowner you can select the lawn maintenance frequency for both trimming your hedges and mowing your lawn. The flexible schedule we offer will be beneficial for you and your lawn.
When cutting your lawn, we make sure the mowing height is correct for any turf variety. O'Hara Landscape and Maintenance in Boynton Beach keep equipment in top working condition. O'Hara Landscape and Design makes sure our mower blades are sharp and level to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.114834
Retrieved Text: A Distinctive Landscaping crew member provides detailed mowing services at a residence in Franklin, Mass.
PHOTOS COURTESY OF JASON SCOTT.
Jason Scott started Distinctive Landscaping in North Attleboro, Mass., directly after college and focuses on creating, maintaining and designing green spaces. While he was in high school, he worked with his father maintaining the yards of 32 customers. He earned a degree in landscape contracting from the Stockbridge School of Agriculture at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. Distinctive Landscaping’s client base is 95 percent residential, with a small amount of commercial accounts.
An employee of Distinctive Landscaping edges beds at a North Attleboro, Mass., residence.
Lawn mowing, which is done high to reduce weeds and increase root development. Although the company removes grass clippings after each cutting, workers leave clippings a few times during the season to contribute to soil health. Edges and obstacles are trimmed with a string trimmer.
Lawn fertilization, a chemical lawn program, and the company gives a 10 percent discount to clients who prepay for the service. An all-inclusive program includes five granular fertilizings, one pelletized lime, grub proofing, crabgrass control, and surface insect and weed control as needed.
Organic lawn care, which is a whole systems approach assisting with the elimination of synthetic pesticides by building soil health and using cultural methods to grow healthy grass.
Spring cleanup includes tine-raking the lawn, hand-raking gardens and beds, cutting back roses by request, and removing winter debris and sand contamination from lawns and mulch.
Edging and mulching service includes hand-edging, installation of desired mulch color, debris removal and hard surfaces

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.045647
Retrieved Text: Those who have unpleasant surroundings can greatly realize the importance of keeping the lawns and gardens well maintained. A well maintained lawn and garden in your house adds not only to the aesthetical value of your house but adds to the worth. It will ensure a healthy living of the residents in the house and your neighborhood. For lawn maintenance, lawn mowing is an important aspect. It is a tiring process if you have hired a gardener or you try to do it by yourself for lawn mowing. So, it is better to hire the services of the lawn mowing companies or get your own lawn mower so that you can improve the looks of your lawn efficiently.
These are the traditional models of the lawnmowers in which there is a handle that is needed to be pushed for the mowing action of this lawn tool. Traditionally, it was manually pushed which took lots of efforts. The modern model of this type of lawn mower is powered by the battery or electricity. Hence, the automatic lawn mowers are highly efficient in their action but you need to push it and move it all over the lawn.
These types of lawn mowers are ideal for a large lawn. This type of lawn mower is battery or gas operated. It has the design of toy car that has a space for sitting of one or two person. The mowing equipment is attached at the bottom which offers clear cuts and you can easily drive them around in your garden. This

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.933804
Retrieved Text: Starting in 2011, The Mowing Pros has grown from a small 1 man owner/operator company to a team of dedicated employees and continuing to grow year after year. Striving to set ourselves apart from other lawn services, we created our instant online quotes (one of the few companies in the country that do this!!). Between not having to wait any longer for estimates, easy credit/debit card billing, and 1 man routes, we have proven to be different yet still maintain that small 1 man operation. Our 1 man routes ensure each employee is properly trained and takes full responsibility of your property, carefully paying attention to details.
Owner, Jay Boyd, is a 4 year US Marine Corps veteran. Jay was stationed at Camp Lejeune with the 2nd Battalion 8th Marine regiment. As an infantry Marine, he did numerous tours overseas including Afghanistan and Iraq. Upon his honorable discharge, he created The Mowing Pros for his love of the outdoors and passion of landscaping and lawn mowing in the “green industry”. Jay currently resides on the Eastern Shore with his wife Ashley and 2 kids.
The Mowing Pros proudly services the Washington DC metro area as well as the lower Eastern Shore resort towns of Berlin, Ocean Pines, Ocean City, Bethany Beach and Fenwick Island.
Get your immediate On-Screen quote here….Get Your Price!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.835922
Retrieved Text: Hired Gun Weed & Pest Control has over a decade of mowing experience. We have the knowledge, equipment, and resources to handle all your property's needs. You'll discover that we take great pride in giving our customers a safe and clean environment with outstanding customer service.
Field Mowing, is performed as needed throughout the season. The length, type, and density of the field grass can vary, we recommend setting up a scheduled mowing two or three times a season after the initial mowing to keep costs down and the property looking well maintained.
Right-of-Way Mowing, whether it's private, city, county, state or federal. Hired Gun, can help with all ROW mowing needs.
Commercial Mowing, is performed from April through the end of the growing season. On average, there are two cuttings in April, then weekly through October.
Residential Mowing, we offer customized lawn mowing and maintenance services. Our precision mowing and curb edging will give your lawn a sharp, crisp appearance, blown free of debris on a weekly or biweekly schedule.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.826183
Retrieved Text: You have enough garden maintenance work to get by, but there's always room for more. When you’re looking for your next garden maintenance job, MyBuilder will be there with leads in Romford that fit into your schedule.
Small Lawn needs cutting, not a big job can be done in 30mins.
Lawn mowing. Only a small garden. Must bring lawn mower. Needs to be done on Sunday March 31st.
Very good service. Turned up to the job as promised, did a very good job mowing the lawn and tidying the edges and charged me if anything less than he quoted. I’d definitely hire him again.
Excellent and efficient very polite! Job done to satisfaction will continue to do more jobs on the property. Thanks to Scott and his team!
Medium sized lawn that isn't overgrown that will need mowing every few weeks for the rest of the year.
Mark arrived on time, very pleasant young man, finished the work to our satisfaction.
Price was good too. He made sure everything was left clean and tidy.
Have no hesitation in recommending him and will certainly be using again.
Looking for a reliable gardener to cut my lawn. I have an event scheduled for 6th April, and ideally need the lawn cut a few days before then. I can be home on the 2nd and/or 3rd April.
Professional and very efficient. Wouldn't hesitate to use again. Thoroughly recommended.
Stewart completed my job to a great standard. He arrived promptly, cleared up any debris and was happy to offer me advice on the garden. I would highly recommend Stewart and will

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.69854
Retrieved Text: Thanks to the on-board, all-day charging capability of the Solar Lawn Truck, Scott Hord says his crew has never been caught off-guard without enough charged batteries.
Hord Landscaping & Lawn Care is seeing several advantages to operating battery-powered lawn equipment thanks to the efficient on-board charging capabilities of the new Solar Lawn Truck.
Scott Hord officially started his company, Hord Landscaping & Lawn Care in Campbellsville, Kentucky, in 1994 after graduating from college with a degree in horticulture. He had been mowing lawns long before that, though, getting his start as a teenager before he even had his driver’s license.
With 30-plus years of operating traditional engine-powered lawn equipment under his belt, Hord has spent his fair share of hard-earned dollars on gasoline. Nowadays, he is spending a lot less.
In May 2018, one of Hord’s lawn maintenance crews began operating out of a brand new innovation for the green industry. The Solar Lawn Truck offers the same productivity-enhancing features as the truck it was patterned after, the Super Lawn Truck. In addition, the Solar Lawn Truck comes equipped with essential lawn maintenance equipment that runs on battery power, as well as everything needed to keep the lithium ion batteries charged all day long in the field.
The Solar Lawn Truck itself runs on gasoline. However, its cutting-edge setup is helping Hord save a lot of time and money when it comes to fueling a long list of everyday lawn equipment. The truck is also giving him a strong competitive advantage with a variety of residential and commercial clients.
Hord Landscaping &

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.62531
Retrieved Text: Lawn mowing can seem like a pretty straightforward task. Even the local kids in your area could do it, right? Perhaps a generation ago that was the norm, but these days a little more though needs to go into who you get to do your lawn mowing. Doctors say that accidents can and do happen while mowing the lawn. These accidents can range from those that involve the fingers to those that involve the hands and feet, injuries from mower blades, flying rocks and more.
How do you keep yourself and your loved ones safe while you are mowing the lawn?
It is a good idea to keep the area you are mowing free of children and pets. Keep your children and pets indoors or a safe distance away from the lawn. If you are using a new lawn mower, take the time to read the manual and instructions first.
Check the outdoor conditions first. If it is raining or going to rain, schedule your lawn mowing session for another day. Avoid mowing when there is little to no available light – if anything to ensure peace with your neighbours and compliance with most council regulations regarding noise. If you are planning to mow in the morning, wait until the sun has risen and the dew has evaporated from the grass. If you are going to mow in the late afternoon and early evening, make sure that there is ample light on your yard and that dew or mist is not starting to settle.
Survey your yard and look for

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.6018
Retrieved Text: From everyday mowing to installing mulch, sod or pine straw, First Alert Lawn Care is here to keep your lawn looking fresh and neat. Our experts have years of experience helping residential and commercial customers grow and maintain beautiful lawns in and around Birmingham, AL.
Taking care of your lawn requires more than just mowing the grass once a week. Lawn care can be extremely time consuming and expensive if you don’t have the right equipment. Rather than take on that burden yourself, hire a landscaper in Birmingham, AL!
If your property is brand-new, with no lawn to speak of, hire our experts for a full landscape installation in Birmingham, AL. We can lay mulch, sod or pine straw with precision and ease, paving the way for your new lawn to grow healthy and bright.
Our team of landscapers are masters at creating and maintaining beautiful properties for our residential and commercial customers. We’ll work with you to identify the appropriate services for your landscape and determine a lawn care schedule that meets its unique needs.
No matter how large or small your lawn is, we’re equipped to maintain it with our extensive range of equipment and years of professional experience. We guarantee we’ll live up to the challenge of even the toughest lawn care projects or landscape installations in Birmingham, AL.
For more information about our lawn care services provided by a landscaper you can trust, or to receive a free estimate, call First Alert Lawn Care today at 205-445-4886.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.58454
Retrieved Text: VIDEO: Star-Spangled awesome! 10-year-old lawn mowing entrepreneur asks President Trump if he can mow White House lawn. Prez says yes!
Ten-year-old Frank from Falls Church, Virginia, just outside of Washington, is a lawn mowing entrepreneur. He wrote to President Trump requesting an opportunity to mow the White House lawn some day. Inspired by the young man’s spirit, President Trump agreed and Frank is on his way to the White House for a tour, and to hang out with the White House grounds crew, and to mow at least a portion of the White House lawn.
It would be my honor to mow the White House lawn for some weekend for you. Even though I’m only 10, I’d like to show the nation what young people like me are ready for. I admire your business background and have started my own business. I’ve been mowing my neighbors’ lawns for some time. Please see the attached flyer. Here’s a list of what I have and you’re free to pick whatever you want: power mower, push mower, and weed whacker. I can bring extra fuel for the power mower and charge batteries for the weed whacker, and I’ll do that with no charge.

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Children bring desert out for their family member. the family... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: floats in a river.

Ending 2: member stands looking into a hut and then handing people photographs.

Ending 3: member cuts a piece of sunscreen.

Ending 4: enjoys eating the desert together.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 26.975794
Retrieved Text: Minneapolis – June 18, 2015 – Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (NYSE: AMP) employees, advisors and clients are joining forces to help the 49 million Americans, including 16 million children and 5.3 million seniors, who face hunger in the U.S. On June 19, more than 4,000 Ameriprise volunteers will spend time packaging and preparing meals at 200 hunger-relief nonprofits from coast-to-coast. The events, organized by Ameriprise in partnership with Feeding America®, are part of two nationwide service days, which bring together nearly 15,000 volunteers to help end hunger.
In conjunction with its national event, Ameriprise announced the donation of $1.3 million in grants to nonprofits dedicated to helping people in need and building strong communities. The company gave a total of 72 grants to organizations that align with its philanthropic priorities: meeting basic needs, supporting community vitality and volunteer-driven causes.
Redwood Empire Food Bank in Santa Rosa, Calif., a Feeding America member food bank, distributes 20 pounds of fresh produce to 1,500 kids each week through the Farm to Family School Pantry program. The program operates at seven elementary schools where 85 percent or more of the students qualify for free and reduced-price lunch. This year, they expect to serve 325,000 meals.
Desert Mission Food Bank in Phoenix, Ariz., provides a spectrum of emergency services to help people meet their basic needs. Desert Mission will use the grant from Ameriprise to support their emergency food program and provide food boxes for families and snack packs for kids. In 2014 Desert Mission served 41,000 individuals, the equivalent of 400 people per week.
The

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.072285
Retrieved Text: Project 143 connects Smyrna family with 15-year-old from Lativa.
SMYRNA – Eric and Susanna Calfee gave their four children a choice for Christmas: get a bunch of gifts or host an orphan for four weeks. They unanimously voted to host the orphan.
“We told them that some of the money we were going to spend for Christmas, we were going to put toward (hosting),” Eric Calfee said.
“I’d rather have a walking, talking Christmas present than any electronics,” chimed in 14-year-old Caleb Calfee, the oldest of the family’s four biological children: 13-year-old Caleb, 9-year-old Madison, 7-year-old Hannah and 5-year-old Benjamin.
Through Project 143, a faith-based international adoption agency based in Atlanta, the Calfees brought 15-year-old Laura from Latvia to join their family as part of the agency’s HOPE Program.
“She fit right in like she’s always been here,” Eric Calfee said. One of the reasons the Calfees chose Laura is because she loves music and plays piano — and the Calfee children are learning piano.
The family found out about Project 143 through a fellow church member who had hosted children, and eventually adopted through the nonprofit agency.
Project 143 works with orphanages throughout China and Eastern Europe to bring children to America during summer and winter breaks. Typically, summer hosting is four to eight weeks and winter hosting is four to five weeks.
Cost varies, depending on which country a child travels from, Vernon said. The cost ranges from $2,750 to $3,000, approximately. Most of the time, families hold fundraisers in order to bring children over. The Calfees did just that, but they

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.055851
Retrieved Text: Unique Birthday Party Ideas - Celebrate you birthday in Desert.
Planning of celebrating your birthday parties of your partners or loved one’s birthday on a different yet special way? Do you want new birthday ideas to surprise your family member or loved ones in a more special celebration? Celebrate surprise parties and be amazed at how good it will turn out. How about an exciting or extreme party with colleagues, family and friends? Impress your family, partner, loved one’s and friend on a special birthday celebration as Happy Tours provide you one of the most unforgettable desert birthday party of their lives as we provide you with an Arabian desert safari birthday celebration.
Make your loved ones feel special as you give them surprise party and celebrate with your whole family, friend and loved ones with exciting and exhilarating events starting from Dune Bashing and many other activities that will make your birthday special. Feel refreshed by our unlimited cold drinks from our refreshment bar and choices of alcoholic beverages on an additional cost.
Take a closer look and have the opportunity to take a photo with our camels and drive around the desert with our wide selection of quad bikes depending on size and ages. Have yourself a temporary tattoo by our great henna artist and slide with the sands dunes using our sand boards on site. Dress like a local and have photos taken in our Arabic dress booth and experience shisha in the hublee bublee area with your friends or request to have it your table.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.885933
Retrieved Text: Yoga can be a transformational practice for the entire family. Join us on Father’s Day for a family-friendly hatha yoga class taught by certified yoga teacher, Katherine Sye Grover. We welcome families with children age 5 years and older to celebrate the day through guided breath, movement, and play in the bamboo forest.
Cost of registration is $15 per person (each family member needs their own ticket, ticket price is the same for adults and children). All children under the age of 16 must be accompanied by an adult. This class is design for parents to attend with their children, no unaccompanied children, or adults with out children may attend. Limit two children per adult registrant. Please bring your own yoga mat(s) and water bottle. Some walking is involved to get to the bamboo forest where class will be held, please make sure that all children have comfortable shoes, hats and bug spray.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.789984
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for the perfect Ras Al Khaimah family friendly resort? The Ritz Carlton Ras Al Khaimah Al Wadi Desert offers a vast array of activities to keep all ages entertained on a Ras Al Khaimah family holiday from natural wonders to cultural experiences and sporting adventures. The Ritz Kids programme gives children aged four and over the opportunity to become immersed in activities of adventure, exploration and education. With Ras Al Khaimah family friendly activities including nature walks, archery and fishing that the whole family can enjoy together.
If you are searching for ways to keep the little ones entertained whilst you indulge in some precious 'me time' there are endless possibilities for them to connect with nature during their Ras Al Khaimah family holiday. From interactive encounters with the national bird of the UAE the Falcon at the Mini falconry, to the pony splash activity, kids are encouraged to connect with and learn about these majestic creatures before enjoying a falcon or owl interaction or horse riding experience.
With the spectacular Ras Al Khaimah desert landscape right on your doorstep, your Ras Al Khaimah family holiday, is the perfect opportunity for your kids to get out and explore the wonders of nature and connect with it in a fun and educational environment. Watch their eyes light up in delight as they recall the 'Feathered Friends' bird-watching tour and the resident and migratory birds they learnt about on their adventure round the Ritz Carlton Ras Al Khaimah Al Wadi Desert resort. The 'Trail Tales' activity is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.597763
Retrieved Text: We’ve been talking about adopting a desert tortoise for some time. Todd’s Backyard would be the perfect home for one (there actually may be some here, but we’ve never seen them). We would also love the opportunity to expand the variety of natural desert dwellers. As fate would have it, we got our wish last night!
After a botched attempt to meet up with friends for some Saturday night socializing…(we got lost in Tucson trying to find the party…aaggrrhhh), we sadly went back home to spend the evening pouting. Todd decided to go to Arbys to get some dinner. He returned, not with the medium roast beef sandwich I had expected. But, with a rather large tortoise!
Apparently, on the way to Arbys, he found it sitting in the middle of a busy street. Since there wasn’t any natural desert around, Todd decided the best thing to do was bring it home, as it would surely get run over!
So, meet the newest member of the family….
A beautiful, 20 something year old girl (I’m pretty sure) We are thinking about calling Arby! But, we are open to suggestions!
We put her in the ‘potty garden’ (a lush, fenced in area in the backyard) equipped with all the features required desert tortoise digs…Except a burrow- Today, Todd is building one and turning the area into a ‘fairytale’ tortoise habitat for her.
For now, she is busy marching around her new yard, investigating her surroundings. Hopefully, she will be happy here! The dogs have met her…Cooper is scared of her. Baily and Lulu

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.468758
Retrieved Text: Oct – Celebrated 15 years of wedded bliss!
July – Shawn performs first wedding ceremony… Congrats to Mr. and Mrs. Cook!
Sept – Final step for Shawn’s pastoral license is completed. Three member panel of pastors extends three-hour interview to four hours… they really grilled me!
Some of our church members at the "Ugly Christmas Sweater Party"
There is so much more… tears of joy and pain. The Desert Foursquare family experienced two deaths and one birth. I love our church. God continues to use Rooftop in amazing ways to bring people together for his purpose. Cru represents an incredible opportunity to lead people to Jesus. It has been tough, but it is so worth the struggle. I feel a deeper sense of God’s presence, and His Word has become my magnetic north.
Please pray for me. I really, really want you to pray with me. People’s lives are literally on the line, both spiritually and physically. Pray for Rooftop519, Desert Foursquare and Cru. Pray for my children, Andy & Hailey, that they would continue to mature in their faith. Pray for Cheryl, that her hernia would be healed. Pray for our provision of every resource we need to do what God has called us to do. Pray that we would be able to connect relationships that would advance the cause of Christ. Give praise with us for the great things God has done. We thank our friends and family for all of your support. We’re on this journey together. Love Heals.
Prayers for all of you as you faithfully fulfilled His

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.321491
Retrieved Text: This year's annual scholarship dinner was a successful and bright event, with the Dr. Prem Reddy Family Foundation (DBA Desert Valley Charitable Foundation) awarding $76,000 to sixty students from the High Desert studying to work in a healthcare related profession.
For the past eight years, Dr. Reddy and his family have awarded nearly $800,000 to students needing assistance to pay for an education. This year's dinner was especially touching, as Dr. Kavitha Bhatia shared her mother's story. Dr. Venkamma Reddy was one of two out of seven children that her family was able to send to school. She went on to become a doctor, respected and loved physician and mother. It was a true honor to learn about her story and hear firsthand why her family feels strongly about supporting others in their quest for a good education.
The students and their families enjoyed their evening and lined up to speak with, thank and share their own stories with Kavitha and her mother. Kavitha, and her younger sister Sunitha, personally reviewed every application submitted. The top recipient, Jesus Rodrigues (pictured above), received $3,500 and an iPad. He is currently studying biology at Cal State San Bernardino, and hopes to one day become a cardiac surgeon at Desert Valley Hospital.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.250967
Retrieved Text: It is a parent's nightmare. To leave their children in one place—school, on the soccer field, or even at home—only to return to find them missing. According to the U.S. Department of Justice, nearly 800,000 children are reported missing each year. 204,000 of those cases are classified as child abductions, with minorities making up 65 percent of those reported.
Non-family Abductions - when a non-family member takes a child either by force or threat of bodily harm, or detains the child in an isolated location without parental consent.
Kidnappings - when a stranger abducts a child, detains them without parental consent, transports them 50 miles or more from home, and holds them either for ransom, or with the intent to keep the child permanently.
Family Abductions - when a family member violates custody orders and either takes the child from, or fails to return the child to, the custodial parent. In most cases, the children are taken either out of the state of residence, or, in more frightening cases, out of the country, in an effort to prevent the custodial parent from their parental rights.
Respect the other parent’s custody and visitation rights. Anger, frustration and desperation are leading causes of family abductions.
Attempt to maintain a friendly relationship with your ex-spouse, and his/her family. If abduction does occur, you will need the support of his/her family to bring your child home safely.
Begin the custody process immediately. You cannot prove your custodial rights without a custody order.
Include abduction prevention measure in the custody order.
So what can you do to keep your

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.028337
Retrieved Text: The Church and its leaders has always been clear and firm on their stance: they love LGBT Church members and want to do all they can to support them as they strive to live the gospel. They also want them to find the fulness of joy and light the gospel can bring into their lives, and they encourage all Latter-day Saints to reach out, to uplift, and to love so that those struggling can find a place of comfort and acceptance within the Church.
If you or someone in your family is an LGBT member, check out mormonsandgays.org and read this helpful booklet: Supportive Families, Healthy Children Helping Latter-day Saint Families with Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender Children.
The Family Acceptance Project offers some best-practice advice for things parents and families can do — or avoid — to help their children who are LGBT be safe and feel loved. It’s also available in a version specifically for LDS families.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.98313
Retrieved Text: Desert Marigold School Animal Care seeks to develop an educational biodynamic farm that supports organic living, environmental sustainability, and good stewardship of the Earth.
The Desert Marigold School includes the care and use of farm animals in the Waldorf curriculum as part of its campaign for environmental sustainability by making the barnyard an integral part of biodynamic farming and reinforcing the intrinsic value of animals on quality of life.
Biodynamic farming at Desert Marigold School is an integral part of Waldorf teaching methods. In early childhood academic development, animals provide the basis for fantastic fairytale realms, and as our children grow, their connections with the animals and plants of the natural world serve to build a greater understanding of their own selves. Our barnyard at Desert Marigold School is central to the school’s emphasis on environmental sustainability. In addition to their aesthetic value, the farm animals that live at the school provide composting fodder that amends the soil in the community garden, and their presence reinforces in our children the intrinsic value of animals as part of our existence. Animals provide food; animals bring wonder of adaptation and survival; and animals provide the avenue by which people learn about trust, assertiveness, and unconditional love. Caring for animals teaches children empathy, responsibility, and a sense of personal reward for doing good work.
Though our children are responsible for the care of the Desert Marigold School farm animals, ultimately, it is the responsibility of the Animal Care Coordinator(s) to oversee the health and well-being of the animals and to supervise our

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.883362
Retrieved Text: Jigsaw (South East) supports bereaved children, young people and their families and also those affected by a family member having a terminal diagnosis throughout Surrey, Sussex and surrounding areas.
The death or serious illness of a family member can be devastating and bring many challenges into the life of a young person.
Children need to be given age appropriate information and support so that they can understand what is happening within their family. Parents may need reassurance and support during such a difficult time.
It is important that children are allowed to grieve in their own way and in their own time. They will have different responses to death and dying depending on their age and experience.
The impact of bereavement can be devastating and have a major impact on children’s home life, school and friendships. It may also affect their health, behaviour and ability to cope in school.
Schools are extremely important in helping children to cope with bereavement. Often it is helpful for school to have a designated person for the child to talk to whenever they need to. Younger children may want their class informed, older children often want as few people as possible to know. Asking children how they want the information shared and with whom is crucial.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.811558
Retrieved Text: If your child, parent, another member of your family or a close friend has cancer, your life may also change. Families and friends often juggle new and old obligations to support their loved one before, during and after treatment. At the Stronach Regional Cancer Centre (SRCC) at Southlake, we’re here to help.
Attend Appointments with Them – We encourage our patients to bring a caregiver, family member or friend to their first visit and subsequent appointments with their care team. As our patients receive a lot of information during these visits, you can help take notes and review information together after the appointment.
Ask Questions – In the I am a Patient sections, this site covers the stages your family member or friend will go through as a patient: Diagnosis; Treatment; and Beyond Treatment. We encourage you to explore these sections. As you review these sections, you may think of more questions. Please make a list of your questions and bring them with you to your family member or friend’s appointments. We want to ensure our patients and their caregivers have the information they need.
Help them Find Answers – You may want to do some of your own research and discuss the answers you find with your family member or friend’s care team.Visit our Patient & Family Resource Centre, which is located next to the Welcome Centre reception desk on the Lobby level. Open and staffed by trained volunteers, from Monday to Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., it provides free access to current, reliable and accurate health

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.667334
Retrieved Text: The annual membership dues may be paid in monthly installments as a courtesy to our members. Statements are sent monthy via email, paper bills are $2.00. Initiation fees must be paid with application and is determined by the postmark date. Returning members must re-apply by filling out an application and paying an initiation fee.
One person paying initiation fee and single membership monthly dues. Entitles individual full access to club.
One person paying initiation fee and single membership monthly dues. Entitles individual full access to club. Single member also entitled to bring one guest at any time with full access to club facilities at no charge. Single member must accompany guest at all times on club premises.
The family membership is a maximum of two adults living together in the same household with a maximum of (6) six dependent children, paying initiation fee and family membership monthly dues. Entitles family to full access to club facilities. Club member children under the age of (12) twelve, must be accompanied by club member parent, club member guardian, or babysitter—at least (14) fourteen years old. Families with more than (6) six dependent children will pay the same initiation fee and higher monthly dues for the family membership.
A DEPENDENT CHILD is defined as biological or adopted children, under 21, and eligible to be claimed as dependents on federal income taxes. All dependent exceptions will be contingent on the board of director's approval. Additional information or an interview may be requested.
A maximum of two adults living together in the same household with their dependent

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.649662
Retrieved Text: Every family must have their own signature dish for Chinese New Year? Check out these signature delicacies from 6 different dialects that bring out the warmth and joy of reunion. This Chinese New Year, let Lee Kum Kee celebrate The Joyous Taste of Reunion with your family.
Red packets are monetary gifts (in little red envelopes) that are handed out during special occasions eg. Chinese New Year.
It is usually given, in a ceremony, by an elder member of the family to the younger (from parents to children).
Love is our birthright. Acceptance is our heritage.
Never be too busy for the people you love. Spend more time with your family this Chinese New Year.
The chopsticks represent the value of grace, strength and togetherness. Together, they find a purpose.
All reunions signify the togetherness of family, yet some take a step further. As we are reminded to celebrate this festive season with our dear ones, discover how love can transform reunions to mean something truly special.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.597921
Retrieved Text: When you become a member of Lakota Family YMCA, you are joining an organization that believes in and promotes active and healthy lifestyles, progressive skill development, family, fair play, and character development.
To put Christian principles into practice through programs that help healthy spirit, mind, and body for all. Core Values: Caring: to demonstrate a sincere concern for others, for their needs and well-being.
The YMCA is a worldwide membership organization. Lakota Family YMCA participates in Nationwide Membership. As a Lakota Family YMCA member, you can participate in programming at discounted rates or at no charge, and receive priority registration for programs.
FREE Group Fitness classes offered daily.
FREE health and wellness programs.
* The 12-month term may be waived when you obtain a letter from your previous YMCA stating that you were a member in good standing for more than 12-months. Your previous membership cannot be expired for more than one year. Lakota Y Members who left in good standing may also be eligible.
Two adults residing in the same household and all dependent children through the age of 18 and unmarried dependent children through the age of 27 who are full-time students.
For two or more related adults (father, mother, sister, etc.) residing in the same house and their dependent children.
Two adults residing in the same household with one individual being 55 or over.
All dues are subject to sales tax.
Lakota Family YMCA participates in Military Outreach. Please contact the Membership Director M-F 8:30a-5p to find out if you qualify.
Within its available resources, Lakota Family YMCA will provide services to anyone who

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.455526
Retrieved Text: Certain family members of loved ones killed in accidents can bring a wrongful death claim. Louisiana’s wrongful death law is established by Louisiana Civil Code article 2512.2. The claim is typically brought against the person or company (and its insurance company) that is responsible for the fatal accident.
It does not matter what type of accident caused the death—for example, car collision, construction accident, faulty equipment. The key factor is that the death was caused by the fault of another. Certain exclusions will apply if the death was caused by the victim’s employer or co-employee while the victim was working. Mr. Don can help sort out important details like these to determine if a viable claim for wrongful death exists.
If you need legal assistance, the first step is talking to an experienced attorney about your situation.Were You Wronged?
Typically, the spouse and children of the deceased can bring a wrongful death claim. If the deceased did not have a spouse or children, the parents of the deceased can bring the wrongful death claim. If the deceased has no living parents, the siblings of the deceased can bring the claim. And if there is no eligible family member to bring the claim, the estate of the deceased can bring the claim.
The non-economic damages that can be recovered may include the pain and suffering experienced by the deceased after the accident but before his/her death and the loss of care, companionship, guidance and emotional support suffered by family members as a result of the death of their loved one.
The law

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.423077
Retrieved Text: Because every family has a unique story to tell.
At the Vaughan Relationship Centre (VRC), we specialize in helping families with adolescent or adult children. All families have their struggles from time to time. It is perfectly normal to have healthy arguments and disagreements. However, sometimes these arguments can feel constant and like no one is listening or understanding each other anymore. The goal of family counselling is to discover the unique challenges and strengths of your family system and to use that knowledge to build a more harmonious home and supportive relational environment.
We’ll work closely with each family member to highlight their strengths, passions, desires, and also what is holding them back from maintaining a healthy and happy relationship with others in the clan. It is crucial that everyone is treated as equally important and integral, for it will enable for the entire group to rebuild and move forwards together without leaving anyone behind to struggle, which would otherwise lead to the destruction of any progression towards a closer-knit family. Our approach is to give everyone their “time in the spotlight” in a relaxed and welcoming environment free of judgment.
Through our gentle and encouraging guidance in the form of family counselling sessions, we can help address issues plaguing families and carefully develop an approach and solution that works best for everyone involved. Whether someone in the group is suffering from the effects of Depression, Anxiety, Addiction, Violence, Communication Issues, Grief and Loss, Life Transitions, Separation, Divorce, Blended Families, or another challenge, we can help make sense

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.388226
Retrieved Text: Adoption is a family journey that brings a unique set of considerations that are both joyful and challenging. Families adopt for a variety of reasons, with a great diversity of emotional experience. For some adoption comes after a lengthy journey full of grief and loss, for others it involves excitement and promise right from the start.
Adoption is a significant transition for each member involved and it is very helpful to have support so that all members of the family can move toward a common goal. Without support, family members can sometimes drift away from each other and struggle to find a unified sense of family. Support through the transition is a great family investment.
However joyful an adoption is for all parties, there is always some (sometimes very small) thread of grief woven throughout. It is helpful for all people to work together to identify how grief is presenting itself. At times, it can be particularly difficult to understand how grief is showing up for a child. There is also often fear present during adoption. Just as with any family transition, it is unsettling and anxiety-inducing to step into the unknown.
In adoption, parent and child pick up a new dance with new partners in the middle of a song. When the dance of attachment has been started elsewhere with someone else, it can be tricky to figure out how to move together in time to the music. Parents may have other children in the home and have a rhythm and dance established with those children. First time

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.377438
Retrieved Text: What’s the Difference Between a Family and Family Plus Membership?
Perhaps you already know that a Discovery World Family Membership is a great value for families who want to visit Discovery World multiple times throughout the year. Family memberships include invitations to special events like Lakefront Fireworks and Halloween Members Night, flat rate parking, and other sweet perks exclusive to members.
But how does a Family Membership differ from a Family Plus Membership? And which one is right for your family? Different families have different needs; so we’ve designed the Family Plus Membership with that in mind.
Do you have a primary caregiver who you would like to authorize to bring your child/children to Discovery World when you, as the primary cardholder, are unable to be present?
Do you have a son or daughter who has reached the age of 18, resides at home, and would like to explore Discovery World with the family?
Do you occasionally wish to bring an extra guest along for the fun?
If you answered yes to any of these questions, then the Family Plus option might be ideal for you!
CAREGIVER: You can authorize admission for a specific caregiver, such as babysitter or nanny, to bring the children who reside in your household to Discovery World when the named cardholders are not present. You simply provide the caregiver’s name in advance for us to add to the membership records, then the caregiver simply presents a photo ID at each check-in.
ADULT CHILD: You may have an adult child, age 18+, who you would like admitted under the membership

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.291529
Retrieved Text: After school, children got together and play with anything they can get their hands on.
A small village where outsiders are rarely seen. I made the day. Thar Desert, Pushkar, India.
A young girl is waiting with her Mother to get in the park. Agra, India.
Two sisters in a Village. Bikaner, India.
A young woman participates in the desert festival parade.
A young girl living in a remote village outside of Bikaner, India.
In the villages in Thar desert, children are living in a harshest condition. Jaisalmer, India.
An upper cast girl in a village. Bikaner, India.
On a street of India.
An indian woman is routinely paving her den with clay mixed with cow's dung. Rajasthan, India.
An old woman who lives in a remote village outside Khajuraho, India.
This woman lives with her family in the desert of Rajasthan.
A young father who lives in one of the small villages within the City of New Delhi. He is so excited about his new born little girl.
Farmers are packing it in before the storm hits. Savannakhet, Laos.
You don't have to do anything in Varanasi if you don't want to. Varanasi, India.
A young monk is cooking rice for breakfast, as the Sun beams through the holes of the kitchen walls. Myanmar.
Hanging out with the locals and drinking Chai tea at the town market. Jodhpur, India.
An old man who lives in a village attends the desert festival in Jaisalmer.
A gypsy farmer's daughter in a village outside of Jaisalmer.
A woman shields her face as her children stare with curiosity. A remote village in central India.
Mother called for supper. Fes,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.189806
Retrieved Text: Enjoy first-run movies under the desert night sky at Smith’s Ranch Drive-in in Twentynine Palms. Current featured movies and showtimes are available on the website. Admission is $5 per person for a double feature. Cash only. Children 3 and under are free. Open year-round on Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday nights after sunset.
One of the last American drive-in movie theaters, Smith’s Ranch Drive-In opened in 1954, although outdoor movies were screened at the historic Smith Ranch as early as 1940. The drive-in has a capacity for 330 cars and shows first-run movies Thursday through Sunday nights, beginning right after sunset. Movies change every Friday. The drive-in theater’s concession stand features everything from popcorn, pizza, candy, and sodas, to nachos, hot dogs, and pulled-pork sandwiches.
History: Desert pioneer Bill Smith arrived in 1923 in his Model-T Ford and developed the haven known as Smith’s Ranch. Bill and his brother, Harry, drilled a well and provided water to homesteaders, and Bill’s shower, swimming pool, and shade trees were a welcome place for locals to cool off on hot summer days. Bill married Thelma Mead in 1930, and the ambitious pioneer couple built an ice house, dairy, ice cream parlor, outdoor theater, and trailer park on their property, and a large recreation hall with partners Bill & Prudie Underhill of The Desert Trail newspaper. The Smiths had six children and were acclaimed as the first homesteaders to have a child born in Twentynine Palms.
Free family-friendly movies are shown on Thursday nights during June and July in Luckie Park, under the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.15343
Retrieved Text: Often the responsibly to teach our children about Christ is delegated to a school, camp, church, or family member. While those avenues can make a difference, Ephesians 6:4 charges fathers to instruct children in the way of God. Alistair Begg encourages dads to reclaim the biblical mandate for men to tenderly train and instruct their children. In doing so, they can bring the heart of their children to the heart of our Savior.
Related resource: "5 Sermons on Fathers"
4Fathers, do not provoke your children to anger, but bring them up in the discipline and instruction of the Lord.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.126146
Retrieved Text: Desert Vengeance, Desert Rage, Desert Wind, Desert Cut, Desert Run, Desert Shadows, Desert Wives, and Desert Noir. Betty now shows her softer (and more humorous) side in a new series set in the Gunn Zoo, a fictional Californa zoo. The first book in the Gunn Zoo series, to be released in November 2008, is The Anteater of Death. Other zoo books, each featuring a different animal, are slated to follow.
Betty's work at the highly-regarded Phoenix Zoo was the inspiration for this series. Mornings would find her at the zoo's Monkey Village, a large free-run enclosure where Squirrel Monkeys from Central America would scurry along the paths ahead of fascinated school children, who were allowed to mingle with them. Betty's job was to keep little hands from coming in contact with the very cute, but sharp-toothed, monkeys. Betty still volunteers at the Phoenix Zoo, and has not given up her habit of talking to the animals -- especially Jezabel, the banana-loving Giant Anteater who was the inspiration for The Anteater of Death.
Before beginning to write mysteries full time, Betty, a recovering Californian now living in Arizona, was a journalist. Writing articles ranging from hard news to features, she has interviewed everyone from U.S. presidents to astronauts who walked on the moon, as well as Nobel Prize winners, the homeless, the hopeless, the dying, and polygamy runaways. Her Lena Jones mysteries are based on stories she covered as a reporter. Currently a creative writing teacher at Phoenix College, she is a member of National Federation of Press Women,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.119272
Retrieved Text: Family Life Academy Photo #3 - Reading to "Misty"
Family Life Academy Photo #5 - In 4th grade, chairs are replaced with exercise balls. No more wiggling, no more snoozing! The kids love them!
The purpose of Family Life Academy is to provide children and families with foundational Christian truths as the basis for all learning and to do this in a nurturing environment that is founded upon Biblical values.
While striving for academic excellence, we will model and instruct from a Christian worldview with creativity and integrity.
The Vision of Family Life Academy is that students will be academically prepared to succeed at the next level of their education while demonstrating a Christ-like attitude in thought, word, and deed.
Family Life Academy is established as one of the ministries of Christ Community Church, in order to conduct a Christian school for the daily instruction of children from homes of both believers and non-believers.
People that viewed Family Life Academy also viewed these schools: Desert Christian Schools, Calvary Chapel Christian School, Carden Christian Academy Central, Castlehill Country Day School and Desert Christian High School.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.082403
Retrieved Text: Every family has, just as every system, a kind of order. If something disturbs the family system every family member will feel this. By addressing the problem you will be able to bring the system back in balance.
First in the system is the father (or the mother if she is the breadwinner), to the right (when facing the family) the mother, the firstborn, second child and so on. Often things are not ‘in order’, not how they are supposed to be.
In this approach you will (unconsciously) place manikins/representatives as representatives of your family. When you as a client do a family constellation of your family (of origin) you will notice, just by looking at the representatives (manikins), that something isn’t quite right with the order in your family, the places the various family members are standing in.
The goal is to bring your family system back in balance. By putting the family members (manikins) in their rightful places, there where they belong, you will notice the system will become at ease. The same can be said about unborn children taking their rightful place; miscarriages, abortions and still born children. When you put these children where they belong, the feeling of something being ‘not quite right’ will have gone.
If the family system is back in order again it will affect (on a subconscious level) the whole family, very often we hear back from clients that they notice the differents right away, not only within themselves but also by observing other family members.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.062124
Retrieved Text: A passionate team of people works to save the lives of three Mongolian children with life-threatening heart defects. Graduating college senior, Cissie Graham Lynch, granddaughter of evangelist Billy Graham, takes on an internship at Samaritan's Purse working with the Children's Heart Project. This project is dedicated to saving the lives of children by providing medical procedures that aren't available in many countries. Cissie's task is to supervise the arrival and surgeries of 3 Mongolian children suffering from fatal congenital heart defects. These children, ranging from ages 3 to 18, hail from the Western mountain valleys near the Kazakhstan border, to the arid Gobi desert, to the destitute urban sprawls of the nation's capital, Ulaanbaatar. Without help, these children will die of their heart defects-time is running out. But the three Mongolian children and their mothers must first make the journey to a country they've only heard of in movies and say goodbye to their families for the first time. Meanwhile, the reality of Cissie's newly married life to a professional football player begins to interfere with her commitment to the project. The Children's Heart team turns to a passionate Texas boy and his family to travel to Mongolia to help bring the children to San Antonio for their surgeries. In Texas, a hospital and a team of doctors and nurses volunteer their time only to stare directly into the face of life and death, while two host families sacrifice to care for these children and their mothers. It's a fight for survival, a fight of faith,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.05722
Retrieved Text: How to Manage Siblings From Blended Families - Dr. Gail Gross Ph.D., Ed.D.
Not too long ago, I was at dinner with some friends and they were all talking about their children. One of our friends made a most interesting remark, when he said, he was raising his wife’s son and somebody else was raising his.
This made me think about all of the different family structures we have today and how siblings from these different arrangements can find their way to each other, in relationships. Today’s family consists of many different structures. There is no longer any one face called family, but rather family types made up of blood-siblings, half-siblings, and step-siblings.
1. Communicate. Sit down with your mate and, using my Empathic Process, discuss what your different styles of discipline, traditions, and family expectations are. Ask what you can do together, to build a new structure that fits your new family. By creating a “new normal,” you and your spouse will allow children to let go of the past and be co-creators, forming something new that works for your family.
Also, consider that you, as well as your children, are in a transition period. Thus, to transform your relationship into a family, it may be necessary in the beginning to spend a little alone-time with your biological children, so that they know their place is secure in your heart. Remember that this is the first time your children will have to share you with someone else’s children – siblings that they neither asked for, nor necessarily wanted. Because

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.01669
Retrieved Text: Emma was new in town. She hadn’t decided to settle down but wanted to get a feel for the town and residents. Her goal was to buy a property and start her stud farm. She wouldn’t deviate from her plan.
Trent was a family man. His children and ranch came first. He didn’t socialize other than going down to the pub for a night out with the family.
Things changed when Trent met Emma for the first time. After a lengthy discussion on the back of a horse they both realized their paths were meant to cross.
MY PRISON WITHOUT BARS: THE JOURNEY OF A DAMAGED WOMAN TO SOMEPLACE NORMAL is a novel based on a true story…Taylor’s story.
MY PRISON WITHOUT BARS is a courageous and harrowing journey through the catacombs of hell, from the mind and voice of a little girl living with her own monster underneath her bed. Written in first person, this novel is not a memoir, but more a psychological thriller based on true events; chronicling one woman’s attempt to claw her way out of the darkness of Child Sexual Abuse, while struggling to find normal, in a not-so-normal world.
*WARNING* THIS NOVEL IS GRAPHIC AND DISTURBING. IT MAY TRIGGER CSA VICTIMS.
Jessica Huntington is back in the fourth Desert Cities Mystery by USA Today bestselling author, Anna Celeste Burke.
Jessica’s ex-husband, James Harper, and her mother, Alexis, are in big trouble in A Dead Mother. Family dysfunction, infidelity, murder, and mayhem—what else can you expect from members of the rich and famous who move in Jessica Huntington’s

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.003162
Retrieved Text: Why Go: Las Vegas is an exciting destination, but sometimes families need an escape from the bright lights and fast pace of the Strip. Luckily, travelers can take a break from the action in nearby Henderson, Nevada, a relaxed, family-friendly town with plenty of activities to entertain kids of all ages. Spend a day (or two) away from the bustle and explore Henderson’s beautiful parks, educational museums, and family-friendly accommodations.
Henderson is located southeast of the Las Vegas Strip, and its boundaries include a wide swath of land from Lake Las Vegas to Green Valley. This is a sprawling, suburban community that is best explored by car. However, you’ll find plenty of places to stretch your legs. Henderson is home to many parks, walking trails, and playgrounds. If you feel like exploring further, continue on US-93 to the historic town of Boulder City, which is home to Hoover Dam.
The family-friendly Westin Lake Las Vegas (101 Montelago Blvd.) is a quiet retreat that welcomes travelers with comfortable, spacious rooms. Parents can visit the Moroccan-inspired Spa Moulay. Kids will love the lake activities like paddleboarding and kayaking. On-site dining options include the poolside Sandsa Bar & Grill and the kid-friendly Rick’s Café.
Another family-friendly accommodation option is the affordable Residence Inn Las Vegas Henderson (2190 Olympic Avenue), a property that offers something for every member of the family, including complimentary breakfast and a kitchen/kitchenette to accommodate family who want to save money on food or simply prefer home-cooked meals.
The charming Clark County Museum (1830 S. Boulder Highway) combines traditional, indoor

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The family enjoys eating the desert together. The people in the restaurant laugh at the man and he wonders what they are doing. the man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: goes to the bathroom and isn't able to get very far.

Ending 2: puts the glass aside and a fourth person walks in and walks away.

Ending 3: plays the bagpipe and smiles and laughs as he enjoys the hospitality.

Ending 4: gets up and walks away to the other room.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.05423
Retrieved Text: Anyone who knows me, knows I love my family. It’s the sweet and loving, refuge ordained by God. Our home is a sweet refuge for we tired, inspired, learning, energized, funny, sweet, work-a-holic people who make up the Rawls family.
This is my sweet hubby. His name is James. His childhood friends and family call him Duner. I call him J, and so do some of our newer friends. I guess they picked it up from me. My favorite way of referring to him is “mine”. He is mine and I am his. The pic says 2005 but he looks the same now. This man is truly the head of our home, to whom I gladly submit as a man who leads as Christ leads him. He puts skin on Ephesians Chapters 5 & 6 in our family. He is our rock….steady, sweet, wise and sure pastor of our team…TEAM RAWLS. I am head-over-hills-madly-in-love with this man. We are best friends and tell each other everything.
This is little ole me. Christ follower…Jesus spreader…counseling….teaching…..me. I stay excited over what God does with, in and through His people. I’ve been a missionary on two continents. I am hot in love with my Savior.
This is my first born, my sweet son, Brandon. Isn’t he handsome? I snapped this one day when he was at his desk studying. He’s in college, getting his degree in Biblical Studies. He is called to be a church planter and is recently begun working on planting his first one with a pastor friend of ours.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.999462
Retrieved Text: Lewis_8812 hasn't yet supplied information about his ideal match.
Like to have fun. Love people. Life is for living and having adventures. I've just bought a restaurant in Streatham which is my latest exciting project. I'm smart, caring, confident and easy to get on with.
I'm not really sure why I am putting Lewis on here as he is not short of attention. It does takes a lot to keep him interested though... which may explain why he's currently single!
I've known Lewis for years and he is one of my closest friends. We studied together many years ago and I'm not sure I could have got through it without him! He's fun, has a great (dry!) sense of humour and loves a good laugh. He had me in stitches most of the time! That's not to say we didn't do some work but Lewis always manages to make everything seem so easy.
He definitely has a laid back attitude even though he lives life to the full. From having a very successful career to running marathons in the Sahara desert, to travelling the world. Lewis is always doing something and enjoys trying out new things. He is a keen triathlete and loves to keep fit. Don't get me wrong though, he doesn't let this take over his life and will always find time for his friends and family. Last year he managed to run an Ironman on the back of a trip to Las Vegas with the boys... and he did well!
Lewis does have a sensitive side however, and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.99807
Retrieved Text: Ty’Ronte played football at Franklin College. He enjoys working out in his free time and fishing. He loves his family, friends and dancing. Ty’Ronte also enjoys eating and watching movies.
He has a deep passion for helping others and hopes to one day own an Occupational Therapy firm.
His dream is to one day visit the seven wonders of the world.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.147116
Retrieved Text: I'm an ambitious guy with a big heart and big smile. I run my own successful business and work hard and have a lot of ambition. I enjoy lots of different things from eating out, enjoying other people's company, spending time outside, gardening, DIY. I'm creative and after studying music at Uni, I still sing and play the piano, and write songs regularly. I draw and design and generally like creative things. I'm into getting fitter at the moment which is great, and enjoy the gym about 5 times a week. I enjoy cooking as feeding people is a great thing to do. I'm looking forward to finding the one, to spend great times together and to achieve our ambitions together.
A lady who is kind and considerate, who has similar drive and ambition to me but also enjoys turning off and enjoying new experiences.
Matt is someone who will really make you laugh and treat you like a princess. The best bit though is that, as well as having a fab sense of humour, he is one of the most caring, honest and genuine people I know. He has had plenty of success and yet still manages to be someone who everyone says is a lovely guy - one of those special people who will stand by you, help you out, be there when you need him, make you laugh and let you be yourself.
Spending time with Matt is relaxing and fun and easy. He works hard but he doesn't lose sight of the most important things

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.095184
Retrieved Text: Understanding a woman is like a rocket science for some men. They can't distinguish what a woman likes from what she doesn't, they feel everything a man does should be what satisfies a woman. This is a dilemma which seems to bring no joy into marriage or relationship between couple. For a man who desires to be real and responsible, it's no big deal for him to learn what are the things that would bring joy between himself and his spouse. These things are little but much and expensive for a man who has no clue on what to do to make his wife happy.
1. Women like a responsible man.
A man who puts her first and not trade her for any of his hobbies or buddies. Some men would rather spend time outside doing what they see as hobbies or hang out with friends all the time while they leave their wives hanging alone at home. Women are like boomerang, what you throw is what comes back to you. A woman that enjoys no attention from his man would give no attention to the man when he needs it from her.
If you want a real attention from your woman you need to learn how to give her attention when she needs it.
2. Women enjoy complements a lot.
A little bit of complement every now and then won't hurt at all. Tell her how good she looks all the time. When she puts on a new dress let her know you're aware that the dress is new and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.83264
Retrieved Text: Stephanie was excited and honored to be named "Class Star" this week. She was thrilled not only because she gets to go "Krogering" with Alexa, but also because she knows that means a night out with her family at her favorite restaurant, Red Lobster! Stephanie has the most pleasant personality and is loved by fellow students and staff too. We recently went to Target on a scavenger hunt, which she says is her favorite Friday activity. She loves spending her leisure time listening to the Beach Boys and cheering for the Titans! Jenny is well known for making a grand entrance, announcing that "Jenny's Here!" That is her trademark and our day would not be complete unless we heard that announcement. She is the best helper at cleaning up after lunch and loves to stay afterwards and make sure that all chairs are pushed in under the table. Jenny loves to play purple ball at the YMCA with her friends and enjoys working on the computers in the Learning Lab. Her favorite restaurant also happens to be Red Lobster!
Elissa has such a sweet and cheerful spirit and is always happy to see her friends at BrightStone! She gets off the bus every morning with a smile on her face and a big hug for everyone! Her fellow students say what a good friend Elissa is and also how hard she works in each room. She loves music class with Ms. Judy, playing basketball at the YMCA and helping clean up after snack. Even though Kim doesn't

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.232882
Retrieved Text: graduated from University and went straight into the Army.
Swimmer canoeist for 6 years. Love my job. Love being around people. Open to new things and love hunting, clubbing, stay at home nights, family and friends.
fun loving man up for a laugh and good times!
hi im callum im in the forces and based in scotland looking to meet fun loving ladys .
Royal Marine looking for the you.. Maybe?
Out going, chatty and Fun young bloke looking for someone to show me what I've been missing out on!
Looking for fun no strings.
Im a royal marine who enjoys having fun and having a laugh, i love music and am a musician. I also enjoy sports.
I'm the guy you've been looking for!
Hi, new to this site. Genuine, honest guy. Lot's of varied interests. Can hold a good conversation.
just up 4 a laugh and meeting new people!
about me, i like to keep fit and hit the gym, love football and spending time with my little man! always up for a laugh and trying new things so get in touch and we'll av a chat..

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.088402
Retrieved Text: David Lawrence serves as an elder at Redeemer Church of Dubai. He moved to the UAE in 2003, living first in Sharjah and moving later to Dubai. He is a Vice President with a consulting company, having previously worked in finance with General Electric. He has ministered with university students in the US, Guatemala, Kenya, and the Middle East. David has been a deacon at United Christian Church of Dubai (UCCD) and has led the membership classes at UCCD and Redeemer. He is married to Kris and they have five children. He enjoys ethnic foods, surfing, desert outings, and hang out time with his kids and the Redeemer youth, but most of all, leading people in the discovery of the riches of God’s Word and the wonders of His grace in Christ.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.02471
Retrieved Text: Self Description: I am kind, well-balanced, loving woman, easy-going and sociable. I have a good sense of humor and I like to laugh but I am able to laugh at myself too. I am responsible and goal-oriented, emotional and ambitious but I am patient and loyal to people too because I understand that each of us is unique and I try to accept people as they are. I never try to change anyone. I enjoy making surprises and giving love.
Comments: I can imagine myself with confident, intelligent and caring man with a good sense of humor who found him place in his life and he only misses a special woman by his side. He doesn't waste his life on conflicts and quarrels. He is optimistic who appreciates every moment of life. My man is kind and he loves children. My man enjoys to spoil his woman and to make her happy. He enjoys seeing his woman's smile. My man is tender and warm and he loves kissing and cuddling.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.68017
Retrieved Text: « Day 100 in Beijing: The Whirlwind.
Day 101 in Beijing: iPhone Your Date In.
Please allow me to ignore you.
I happened to be out in a restaurant recently and found these two people eating their dinner.
This was at a nice restaurant and watching their interactions was, to say the least, intriguing.
They sat at the table, drank their drinks, ate their food, and watched their phones.
They probably said about 5 words to each other during their one and an half hour dinner.
I’m not sure this was a date but it seemed like it.
“Thanks for the great conversation and date!”…he texted to her after dinner.
They didn’t touch or do much of anything else other than stare at their phones, laugh at the screens and ignore each other.
If you notice, he has a bluetooth receiver in his ear and she has wired headphones.
They did show each other what was on the other person’s screen once during their dinner. That was the full extent of their connection through the dinner.
I have yet to see anyone else do this.
It was like watching an episode of The Twilight Zone.
If so, they could download it and it might be fun to watch together on their next date.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.498281
Retrieved Text: RICHMOND, Va. -- Ashton is extremely active and very energetic. He is naturally athletic and likes to be outside. Ashton loves sports, especially football, and is a big fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
He is a friendly, silly teenager with a great sense of humor. Words cannot describe how goofy Ashton can be.
He enjoys life to the fullest and loves making people laugh. He enjoys a variety of music and can rock out to Michael Jackson and Metallica, all the same. You are bound to win him over with a strawberry milkshake.
Ashton is doing well in his current placement and continues to process the "good and bad" of adoption.
He is seeking a family who can match his energy level and provide opportunities for new experiences. Ashton will do best in a two-parent home with parents who can provide continuous attention and consistent redirection. He would benefit from being the youngest child in the family. Ashton is an enjoyable, bright young man who is very hopeful about his future.
Ashton has three siblings who are very important to him. His forever family will need to support his wishes to maintain these connections.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.204206
Retrieved Text: ﻿Family Restaurants Near Me: This location has a lot to offer to its tourists , in addition to meeting friendly people dwelling along the riverside. Water activities like fishing at the river , scenic views as well as other entertaining views for travelers. A perfect dining area for people who enjoy food.
When searching for eating the best in Sault Ste . Marie , one cant miss the North 82 restaurant. This dining place is renowned for steak among local cuisines although it even offers American and Canadian cuisine also. North 82 is certainly your one-stop destination for you lunch , evening meal or late hours food.
North 82 is well-known for its delicious seafood and steaks. If in case you have a love for these , then you will surely relish the distinctive taste offered at North 82. You enjoy a fantastic variety of drinks also , to relish along with these exoticmeals. Your friends and family will definitely never forget the splendid treat they had here.
Sundays are made a lot more exceptional and stress-free with North 82s Sunday brunch menu.
Family Restaurants Near Me: North 82 has a lovely and comfy feel to spend family-time with your dear ones. Even if you are a smaller family of 4 or want to enjoy yourself with a wonderful get-together , this is a fantastic spot to make happy moments with them. Also , if you wish to host a birthday celebration or organize special dinner event , we have party rooms too.
North 82 surprises its customers with a great

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.13749
Retrieved Text: 4k00.16Housing agent is giving keys to buyers of new apartment, happy husband and wife are hugging and kissing, man is shaking hands with female realtor.
hd00.16Nice Caucasian couple in love hugging and turning. Young people moving to new apartment. There are unpacked things, new sofa in living room.
4k00.11Diverse Group of Friends Celebrate with a Toast and Clink Raised Glasses with Various Drinks in Celebration. Beautiful Young People Have Fun in the Stylish Bar/ Restaurant.
4k00.13Big Family Garden Party Celebration, Gathered Together at the Table Relatives and Friends, Young and Elderly are Eating, Drinking, Passing Dishes, Joking and Having Fun.
4k00.09Beautiful young woman looking at camera, closeup. Moving crowd of people blurred in motion in background. 4K UHD timelapse.
hd00.34Underwater view of happy fun loving group of friends jumping and diving into swimming pool at a pool party in summer sunny day. Slow motion.
hd00.11Silhouette of helping hand between two climber. two hikers on top of the mountain, a man helps a man to climb a sheer stone. couple hiking help each other silhouette in mountains with sunlight.
4k00.14Sitting at the Dinner Table Handsome Young Man Plays the Guitar For a Friends. Family and Friends Listening to Music at the Summer Evening Garden Party Celebration.
4k00.05Female team leader standing near table and giving direction to young creative team. Brainstorming of multiethnic group.
4k00.11Handsome young businessman doing victory dance about successful achievement. Happy male at modern trendy office.
4k00.08Top view of business team working at trendy loft office. Young mixed race group of people puts palm together on centre.
4k00.12Woman Hands Taking Photos Of Dinner Food By Smartphone.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.093594
Retrieved Text: During their two weeks together in the desert, the Little Prince tells the Aviator about his adventures through the galaxy, how he met the Lamplighter and the Businessman and the Geographer, and about his strained relationship with a very special flower on his own tiny planet. The Little Prince talks to everyone he meets: a garden of roses, the Snake and a Fox who wishes to be tamed. From each he gains a unique insight which he shares with the Aviator: "It is only with the heart that one can see rightly." "What is essential is invisible to the eye." At length, both the little man and the Aviator must go home—each with a new understanding of how to laugh, cry and love again. (DramaticPublishing.com) Performed by special arrangement with Dramatic Publishing, Inc.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.038736
Retrieved Text: Bobby's face just lit up when he was announced as "Class Star" this week. He is such a happy, easy going guy that really enjoys coming to BrightStone every day. He loves to participate in yoga class with Ms. Lisa and cleaning up after snack. In his leisure time, he listens to country music (Reba is his favorite) and eats at Longhorn with his family. Congratulations on a job well done, Bobby! Kate is beautiful inside and out! She would do anything to help a friend in need. She enjoys working in the Paint Room and her favorite Friday field trip destination is Chick-Fil-A. Kate likes playing basketball at the YMCA and is an excellent golfer. While at home, she watches "Wheel of Fortune" and cheers on the Titans. Great job, Kate!
Congratulations to our Star of the Week, Kelly! Kelly is such a sweet, kind spirit and has so many good friends at BrightStone. Her fellow students say she has a beautiful singing voice and a great sense of humor. She enjoys playing purple ball at the YMCA and working in the Packaging area. In her leisure time, she watches "Full House" and listens to the "Praise Pickers." You are a great example of a class star. Congratulations, Kelly! Jennifer has so many endearing qualities, one of which is her infectious laugh! You can't help but laugh along with her. Her friends say she has a beautiful smile and is a kind and caring friend. During her days at BrightStone, she enjoys walking during exercise and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.798214
Retrieved Text: Laci is a native of the Central Valley, growing up in Lodi and currently residing in Stockton. She became a licensed agent in 2002 and has been helping her friends, family and clients realize the dream of home ownership ever since. Because she has over a decade as a Realtor, she has experienced many different markets and has become savvy in Real Estate dealings, no matter what the situation. She treats every client as she would hope to be treated, and in turn has built a large client and referral base.
She understands that the purchase or sale of a home is among one of the most important and complex decisions that an individual or family will make and takes guiding them through the process very seriously. She is personally committed to her clients and will go above and beyond to provide them with the finest professional service and customer satisfaction throughout their real estate transaction.
When Laci is not selling Real Estate she enjoys spending time with her husband Mike, and their 3 children, Taylor, Mikey and Morgan. Traveling, going to the beach, swimming, cooking and getting together with friends as a family are some of their favorite things to do. She enjoys helping out at the restaurant her husband is the Executive Chef of, Ernie’s Food and Spirits in Manteca, as well as eating her husbands cooking. Joining her husband at food and wine events, as well as tagging along while he hosts, judges and competes on cooking shows are among some of her favorite things

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.633778
Retrieved Text: I took my first trip to Europe as a 19-year-old sophomore. Having read about the wonders there, I half-expected to encounter beings of a higher intelligence, some kind of alien creatures with a culture more advanced than ours. At first, after traipsing through the galleries of the Louvre and the Musée d’Orsay and the Beauborg in Paris, I almost believed it.
Then on a train trip from Paris to Barcelona, we came to a screeching halt on the outskirts of Barcelona (delays were the norm back then — trips scheduled for 6 hours often took 24!). We stopped on a stretch of elevated track across from a residential building. Looking out the window, I found myself staring into a second floor apartment occupied by a Barcelonan family. For two hours I watched them go about the mundane tasks of life – eating, washing dishes, folding clothes, watching TV, talking on the phone. It was both revelatory and mesmerizing for a kid from Beaumont, Texas.
It was then that I started to realize that people are pretty much the same wherever you go in the world (an observation that has been borne out through subsequent decades of travel). Still, individuals and even whole nations have their own quirks and eccentricities. And they have stories, lots of stories. For some reason these stories fascinate me, endlessly.
I also came to discover that everyone has an opinion — and often a story — about food. Every single human being on the planet must eat food, and food is often entwined with our

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.592638
Retrieved Text: Who Lives In A Pineapple Under The Sea -- It's The Spongebob WTC!
Welcome to the Spongebob WTC for April 5th to April12th!
Spongebob Squarepants in a widely known comedy TV show, created by Stephen Hillenburg. The TV show's main stars are Spongebob Squarepants and Patrick Star, who live inBikini Bottom.
Originally, Spongebob was supposed to be called Spongeboy, but the name was already taken. Stephen Hillenburg was determined that his characters name had to have "Sponge" in it, so people would not think the character was "Cheese Boy".
He eventually decided to use the name "Spongebob". He chose Squarepants as the surname because it referred to the character's square shape and it had a "nice ring to it".
Spongebob Squarepants in a bright, energetic sea sponge (although his appearance relates to a kitchen sponge) who lives in a pineapple in the sea with his pet snail, Gary, who strangely meows like a cat. Although Gary speaks in only a handful of episodes, the characters seem to understand what Gary is saying!
Sandy Cheeks is another close friend of Spongebob, who is a squirrel from Texas. Sandy is well trained in karate and lives in an underwater tree dome. When not inside the dome, she wears an astronaut like suit because she cannot breathe water. She is also an avid scientist who takes trips to the Moon in various, but only a handful, of episodes.
Patrick Star, who lives two houses away from Spongebob, is Spongebob's best friend.
He's a 'dimwitted' yet bubbly pink starfish who lives under a rock. Patrick enjoys eating and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.519033
Retrieved Text: Writer and ne'er do well.
You'll have noticed, I imagine, that many people spend a great deal of time staring at their telephones.
Last week I had the dubious fortune of eating lunch at a branch of IKEA (I believe it is on-brand and mandatory to shout the name). As I watched the crowds with their Swedish horse-balls and chips, I noticed that almost all of them were staring at their telephones whilst eating.
"Sometimes you see a man in a restaurant reading whilst eating. He gives you the impression of being a very busy man, with no time even for eating. You wonder whether he eats or reads. One may say he does both. In fact, he does neither, he enjoys neither. He is strained, and disturbed in mind, and he does not enjoy what he does at the moment, does not live his life in the present moment, but unconsciously and foolishly tries to escape from life."
That was written sixty years ago, and written from a philosophy formalised over two and a half millennia before. It foretells an epidemic.
Grayson Perry's exhibition The Vanity of Small Differences toured through Bath in recent months. One of the pieces tells a cautionary story of this epidemic, a child grasping towards his mother's smartphone. After we toured around the tapestries in the Victoria Art Gallery my wife and I took our daughters upstairs, where they could make some art for themselves. There the scene echoed around the room, with children wrestling against bright electronics for their parent's attention.
The kids will, of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.442991
Retrieved Text: Synopsis: Kota (Satoshi Ono) is an ordinary young man. He has a good family, including his father who always supports him, his mother who enjoys cooking and his older sister with her bright personality. He also has a girlfriend named Etsuko (Fumino Kimura). Kota wants people to eat delicious foods made by him and he begins a job as an apprentice chef at a restaurant. One day, Kota suddenly passes out and is sent to the hospital. Kota is diagnosed with malignant lymphoma by Doctor Murayama (Kyusaku Shimada). His life and his family's life changes after that. He has to spend an extended time at the hospital and he meets people there who also change him. With chemotherapy he overcomes his malignant lymphoma. But then, Kota has a relapse and he only has three months left to live. His family desperately tries to hold him.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.417665
Retrieved Text: These mouthwatering creations are the brainchild of restaurateur Sal Marino, owner of 72-seat Il Grano on Santa Monica Boulevard in West Los Angeles. A chef for more than 20 years, he hails from a family of L.A. restaurant owners (Marino Restaurant and its more casual offshoot, La Bottega Marino), who taught him the art of fine cooking. After graduating from college with a business degree, he traveled to Italy, where he trained in local pizza parlors, tiny trattorias and three-star Michelin restaurants. There he learned the importance of materia prima-Italian for "the best ingredients."
"Materia prima is my driving force," he tells OrganicAuthority.com. "I never went to a cooking school. I don&apos;t know how to make roux, reductions and stocks. I&apos;ve kind of learned by myself. What I didn&apos;t realize is that to make good food, you need to start with the best simple ingredients. And, of course, being in Italy-and working at these restaurants where fishermen in Naples would come up from the freezing February 40° weather with their fresh catch-that&apos;s when I understood what was needed."
Which may explain why seafood, prepared in the Italian tradition, is Il Grano&apos;s specialty. And each meal is meticulously prepared using the finest organic ingredients, whenever possible.
"Eighty percent of my produce comes from certified organic producers," Marino says. "The truth is that organic producers are working their land in a &apos;man&apos; style-you know, within their realm. They&apos;re picking the peach when the peach is almost ready to eat. You can&apos;t get that from a mechanized big producer. I don&apos;t care

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.381033
Retrieved Text: . There is a lot of pleasure for all the visitors , such as fishing at the river , experiencing breathtaking views along with other wonderful destinations to travel to. Food lovers can savor the tasty cuisines at an amazing dining option.
While looking for eating the best in Sault Ste . Marie , one cant miss out on the North 82 restaurant. Steak is a really popular local food item at North 82 , but if you like American or Canadian cuisine , there are many meals to relish. Open for lunch time , dinner and late-night meal , North 82 is a must-try being a tourist.
. The tourist-friendly eating venue is perfect for adventure enthusiasts who wish to relish food.
Spending great time with all your family members requires a comfortable and warm ambience and North 82 has got it all. No matter whether you are a smaller family of four or want to enjoy a very good get-together , this is a fantastic location to make memorable experiences with them. If you are organizing a birthday event or just an official candlelight dinner or lunch for your friends and relatives , you can organize it in our party areas.
At North 82 , visitors will find a wonderful menu . Everyone certainly enjoys his favorite dish here. The food items are comfortable on everyones pocket . Great taste along with excellent service is what the restaurants qualifiedand highly competent chefs guarantee so that every singleguest receives worth for money.
The team at North 82 welcome all the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.300913
Retrieved Text: Michael: husband and Daddy extraordinaire. A man good at all things (seriously) who is best at loving his girls. Michael has many hobbies including an array of sports and invests a lot of his spare time in mission work in Baja, Mexico. He is patient and kind with a true servant's heart and the leader of the Oliver family.
Andrea: the author of the blog and proud mommy and wife. Andrea excels when she's being creative and enjoys putting time and energy into her family, church and job. She is a hopeless musical theater junky, loves to read and enjoys traveling and adventures with her family and friends.
Alice: 2 year old with a personality and heart the size of Alabama itself. Funny and interesting, Alice is brave, intelligent and discerning - letting nothing get by her without notice. She loves to laugh and read and looks just like her daddy. Alice is loved by all who know her, especially her grandparents who dote on her constantly.
Eleanor: Baby girl #2 who just joined us at the end of November. Eleanor is such a sweet, sweet little girl and folks say she looks like her mommy! It's easy to make her smile and she already adores her big sister who includes her in all her "adventures." She's stolen hearts already and is a go-with-the-flow baby for which everyone is thankful.
Bo and Luna: 12 and 4 year old yellow Labradors (respectively) who have not yet been told they aren't human. Really excited about their new backyard!
Eliza: 6 year old cat

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.292606
Retrieved Text: At 12:30P.M. on Thursday, November 20, 1952, history was made.
At least, so says George Adamski, lecturer on philosophy and student of technical matters and astronomy.
At 12:30P.M. on Thursday, November 20, 1952, George Adamski was the first man on earth to talk to a Venusian.
At least, so says George Adamski.
I was chief of Project Blue Book at the time and the name "Professor Adamski"--he had a title then--wasn't new to me. He, or some of his followers had been showering the Air Force with photos of flying saucers. Letters by the gross were coming in demanding recognition of the great professor and an analysis of his photos.
We obliged and the photos were examined by the experts at Wright- Patterson Photo Reconnaissance Labs. The verdict came back: "They could be genuine, of course, but they also could have been easily faked by a ten year old with a Brownie camera."
For a few weeks we forgot George Adamski. But then the press began to clamor at our gates. The news was leaking out of Southern California. George Adamski had talked to a Venusian! We held out for a long time but the pressure mounted and I headed for California to find out what it was all about.
As far as George Adamski was concerned I was just another thirsty sight-seer from the famous observatory on Mt. Palomar when I walked into the little restaurant at the foot of this famous mountain one day in 1953.
The four stool restaurant, with a few tables, where Adamski worked as a handyman, was crowded

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.21563
Retrieved Text: Nicole and I are both laid back, "go with the flow" kind of people. We don't get wound up or upset about anything, really.
OK, so that's a total lie.
We like plans and rules and have little patience for people with lack of plans or people who don't follow the rules. Shock! Two people who went to law school like to follow rules. Plus, we just have inpatient personalities in general. One thing that really bugs Nicole and I are those people that violate unwritten Rules of Society. For example, it really bothers Nicole when people walk in the "out" door at Target. Rule of Society violation. Or when the server at the restaurant keeps touching your arm when ordering something. Rule of Society violation.
One thing that has really started to make us angry is when we are eating out with Henry and people distract him. Now, Henry is a pretty good eater in general, but when he gets distracted, it can become a nightmare. For instance, when the dogs are allowed to beg, he usually starts to feed them and thinks it's really funny. So of course, the dogs are not allowed to beg.
Well, from time to time when we are eating out, people will wave, laugh and point at Henry's antics. This gets him even more riled up, which means less eating and more food on the floor. Then, of course, people think that's so funny and wave, laugh and point even more, which would cause Henry to throw more food, or whatever he was

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.18096
Retrieved Text: Andy Deane is a modern renaissance man, having found success as a musician with the bands Bella Morte and The Rain Within, as a horror author, and as a photographer. He has recently given stand-up comedy a shot, and enjoys making people laugh uncomfortably. He was raised on a steady diet of horror films from the time he figured out what a drive-in theater was, and despite his constant ear to ear grin he never lost his love for art that dares to peer in to darker places. Andy was born in Charlottesville, Virginia and figures he’ll be buried there someday.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.085222
Retrieved Text: To provide the highest level of care with compassion and dignity.
Dr. Melvani has been living with his family and practicing in the High Desert since 1992.
He has a special interest in Sports Medicine and also offers Geriatric Care at local nursing homes.
If one of his patients has surgery, he will do surgical assistance when needed.
He enjoys outdoor activities together with his teenage children, including biking, swimming and tennis. He is an avid runner.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.058167
Retrieved Text: If you were ever to walk into the 8th grade room at Gehmans Mennonite School, you would probably hear Brayden before you saw him. He would probably be telling a joke or laughing loudly at a joke his friend said. Brayden’s friends like him for his good sense of humor, his jokes, and his bold attitude. If you ever needed anything done, Brayden would be the first to volunteer.
Brayden’s hobbies include playing video games, playing sports, working with wood, and most of all hunting. Brayden loves to play basically any video game. Although he likes all sports, baseball is his favorite. He played for the Bowmansville Red Sox, where he played third base. Brayden really enjoys taking shop class at school because of his love for working with wood. Brayden loves to hunt. Last season he shot a five point buck with the crossbow and a doe with a flintlock.
Brayden is the son of Marlin and Arlene Shirk. He is the youngest of four siblings, with two sisters and one brother. Brayden attends Martindale Mennonite Church with his family. He loves spending time with his family whether it’s hunting, camping, or talking around a campfire. Brayden is a great guy who enjoys doing many things with family and friends.
When you arrive at school and hear someone laughing, I can almost assure you that it would be Kylie. Kylie is very bubbly and outgoing. She is 13 years old, has two sisters Madison and Scarlet, and her parents’ names are Dean and Emily Hoover. One of her

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.003666
Retrieved Text: Running away didn't solve anything ... at least, not the first time.
Intensive care nurse Mackenzie Jones is no stranger to running. As a teenager she fled her family home, leaving tragedy and loss in her wake. Now, after fifteen years alone in Sydney, with the strain of working in a city hospital wearing her thin, she's tempted to run again.
Mackenzie jumps at the chance to work in a mining town in the Western Australian desert – anything to lift her spirits. Though she barely dares to hope, she wonders if she might find the kind of love that can ease her loneliness.
In the outback, Nathan Kennedy is at a loose end. He's been making money in the mines for years, and pressure from his family to return to the east coast, settle down and get married is reaching fever pitch. The problem is, he hasn't met the right woman.
When Mackenzie turns up in town, there's an instant attraction between her and Nathan, maybe even true love. But tragedy's not done with Mackenzie Jones – the past is about to catch up with her in more ways than one.
You will laugh and cry as you follow Nathan and Mackenzie on their journey into love.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.97238
Retrieved Text: phuong is using Smore newsletters to spread the word online.
Red flag with a gold star.
The Vietnamese has a famous folk poems meaning that “In the pond, nothing’s more beautiful than lotus, the flower of the dawn.
Ao dai- The Vietnamese traditional dress.
the vietnamese traditional dress for wedding.
Ao dai for man and woman.
It is the most important celebration in Vietnamese culture.Tết is generally celebrated on the same day as Chinese New Year.
On the occasion of Tet, parallels are written on red paper and hung on both sides of the gate, the pillars or the ancestral altar.
It symbolized the Earth. The making and eating of bánh chưng during this time is a well-preserved tradition of Vietnamese people.
The people put amount of money in red envelope to give to children and older people. It means "lucky".
He was the first president of Vietnam. Because of Vietnam's freedom, he did not have his own family. So, Vietnamese called him , Uncle Ho. Although he died a long time ago, but he still was Uncle Ho to Vietnamese.
t combines traditional Vietnamese designs and techniques with those from other countries.
In 2012, the New 7 Wonders Foundation officially named Halong Bay as one of new seven natural wonders of the world.

================



======= Instance Index 24 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A black female is shown in a room with a black scarf around her head. black spots on her faced... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it.

Ending 2: are shown and she misses a little bit of her swing.

Ending 3: are shown and one finger is seen poking through.

Ending 4: are shown as she continues to dance around on the hardwood and every move makes a lash on her face.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 46.025593
Retrieved Text: It seems like everyone's doing 12-inch female figures these days. Just hot off previewing the next generation Phicen Limited 1/6 Super-Flexible Female Seamless Body with Stainless Steel Skeleton (2 versions - Asian and Caucasian) in the previous post HERE, we get news that Very Cool Toys will also be releasing a pair of female figures. Very Cool's release will be 12-inch VC Caucasian Skin Tone Large-Bust Female Body with 1/6 scale female head sculpt with rooted hair but come with two uniform / outfit options - CP Camouflage and / or black.
Very Cool VCF-2021B 1/6 scale Female Shooter 12-inch figure (Black outfit version) will come with Female Rooted Hair Head Sculpt, VC Caucasian Skin Tone Large-Bust Female Body, T-Shirt, Bra-Top, Tactical Pants, Training Cap, Scarf, Belt, Pair of Military Boots, Pistol holster, Frag Grenade, GP Pouch, Backpack, Fist-aid Pouch, Watch, GPS, P226 Pistol, Pistol Magazine x 2, MK18 Rifle (For VCF-2021B: Black) with ACOG, M4 Rifle Magazine, Gloved Hand: 3 pieces, Pair of Relaxed Hands, Pair of Fist Hands, Pair of trigger Hands, pair of grasping hands.
The 1/6 scale head sculpt does bear a certain resemblance to Milla Jovovich, the female action heroine in all the "Resident Evil" films, not to mention "Ultraviolet" and many more, most memorable for me was her role as Leeloo in "The Fifth Element" and her first film role back in 1997.
I've never looked at this brand before, but I have to ask if the ACOG in the black outfit was put on backward at the factory, or was it just

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.18799
Retrieved Text: The Red Felt Tux Coat has matching Top Hat that is made from Felt and the Top Hat has a Matching Color Ribbon Tie to Hold On the Top Hat.
The Vests are made from a Cotton Patriotic Printed Fabric and Will Always be a Patriotic Theme and have Three (3) Buttons. The Print on the Cotton Vest may vary based on the availability of Cotton Patriotic Theme Printed Fabric.
Please check out my ETSY site at www.ripnrollrugs.etsy.com.
This Handmade and Handcrafted Easter Bunny Lawn Goose Outfit was made from Brown Felt and is wearing a Brown Felt Head piece with Brown Felt Outer Ears and White Fleece Inner Ears.
He is sporting a Multi-color Ribbon Bow Tie to set off his outfit.
He is holding a Small Basket with Easter Eggs.
Red Polka Dot Bikini Swim suits.This Handmade and Handcrafted Lawn Goose Bikini Swim Suit Outfit is made from Red Polka Dot Cotton Printed Fabrics with White Polka Dots.The Polka Dots size may vary based on the availability of fabric with the Polka Dots.
Bikini Set includes a Bonnet with a White Ruffle Brim with a Tie, Top, Flirty Skirt and Matching Sunglasses.
The Bikini Top and Flirty Skirt has Elastic for a better fit, and are connected in the back to ensure the Bikini Outfit stays on the Goose.
​​​​​Colors represented in these pictures are accurate, but Please Remember, Different Computers and Monitors MAY represent Colors differently.
Yellow Raincoat/Rain Slicker Goose Outfit.
This Handmade and Handcrafted Lawn Goose Raincoat was made from Yellow Taxi Vinyl Material and has four (4) Black Buttons down the front.
The

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.04591
Retrieved Text: Abarrane's female kitten #4: Petite, brown-spotted sweet girl RESERVED!
Niah’s female kitten #1: Golden with long legs, puffy nose, and tall ears!
F6 SBT litter born 10/21/18! ALL SOLD!
Evie’s Male kitten #1: Warm brown background with black spots SOLD!!!
Evie’s Male kitten #2: Warm brown background with black spots SOLD!!!
Evie’s Female kitten #3: Warm brown background with black spots SOLD!!!
F5C litter was born 7/17/18!
Abarrane's Male kitten: Gold with great contrast and wide-spread spots! SOLD breeder!
Abarrane's Female #1: Golden background with black spots SOLD!!!
Abarrane's Female #2: Cool brown with jet black spots SOLD!!!
Niah's F3C Female born 4/26/18!
Gorgeous golden coat with huge black spots, long legs, nice ears, and sweet personality! This girl has it all! SOLD as breeder!!!
F6 SBT litter born March 25th!
Evie's Male kitten #1: Being offered to approved breeding program SOLD as Breeder!
Evie's Female kitten #2: Golden background, nice black spots SOLD as Breeder!
Evie's Female kitten #3: Cool brown, jet black spots, cuddle bug SOLD as breeder!
Abarrane's Kitten #1: Male is brown with black spots and nose SOLD!!!
Abarrane's Kitten #2: Female is golden with nicely spotted pattern SOLD!!!
Abarrane's Kitten #3: Female is brown with black spots SOLD!!!
Niah's Kitten #1: Brown & black Male has fun personality, great legs and spots! SOLD!!!
Niah's Kitten #2: Warm, golden Female with great spots! Quiet, sweet and cuddly! SOLD as breeder!!!
Niah's Kitten #3: Stunning golden Male has jet black spots, great ears, and mile-long legs! He is truly one of the most Serval-like F3s I've ever seen! SOLD!!!
Niah's Kitten #4: SOLD as Breeder!!!
Niah's F3C FEMALE (25% Serval!): $5000 pet price SOLD!!!
This Savannah girl

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.863403
Retrieved Text: Below are Gibb's and Laila's litter. 3 Puppies are still available, they are 30% European with Champion Bloodlines.
"Lexi" Flashy Mahogany Brindle Female.
She has very few Black stripes in her. She's very playful and loving.
Her price is $700.00 for full AKC Registration.
"Luna" *knows name* White female with a black spot aboie her right eye and brown spots on her right ear.
She is started on housebreaking and does well when let out every hour and after she eats. She know what 'no' means and is such a sweet playful girl.
"Ghost" We are looking for the perfect pet home for this sweet little boy, his is a big sweet heart and loves givin kisses and being held. He follows my son around everywhere. He will make anyone a great pet.
"Hoss" This Flashy Fawn male is a BIG boy, he has a huge wide head and a square big boned body. He's the biggest of the litter and has the widest head and muzzle.
His Price is $1000.00 Limited Registration $1500.00 Full AKC Registration.
A $350.00 deposit will hol him for limited registration, and a $500.00 deposit will hold him for full registration.
"Pudge" This male is really nice, he has a very big wrinkled face and a big boned suared body.
His price is $1000.00 for limited, $1500.00 for full.
"Flash" He is a nice head and a nicely built body.
His price is $1000.00 Limited, $1500.00 Full.
"Azura" This girl is staying here with us, she has a very nice head and muzzle and good markings.
"Fancy" This girl is very flashy, she has a wide

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.678738
Retrieved Text: I can’t get tired of this Marc Jacobs campaign! It’s better than Halloween and every possible costume ball ever!
Miss La Moth here is like every housewife’s dream after a busy day at home. She forgot one of the children’s toys in her head but then again she’s all dressed up (uh, pardon my white bra, haven’t got anything else to match this lila scarf I put around my neck!) and wearing her fav grandma lunettes. Because grandma’ was a bourgeoise, you seeee….
And because I’m a small figure, the scarf is wrapped around my neck and still get it to my toes, I found a black belt to strand me with and that purse I received for free when purchasing the “Regional Fashion” issue. Now I’m doing the ball dance like my grandma, it’s like this….
You see, here, there’s some spots.. something from that bag! I think it’s the ink! I’m gonna throw that thing out immediately!
Today I saw a movie on TV. It was really scary! About a girl coming out of a well…she crawled towards you just like in the picture. It was so frightening! (good thing I put on my white bra, so you’d know it’s me and not her!).

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.410625
Retrieved Text: Like a little Black Leopard this precious F-2 savannah girl has gone to her new home where she will be an excellent and exotic looking pet. 100% Human imprinted this girl is sure to please.
Cute as a button and Dark and Mysterious looking this F-2B Savannah female will make a superior pet.
Miss Personality F-2B Melanistic Savannah female kitten!
Inky is full of play and will need a superior pet and/or Queen for an approved breeding program.
Growing like a weed with huge feet this F-2B Savannah girl is still looking for her forever home. She is a 100% Human Imprint and loves people.
Inky, F-2B Savannah female is way to busy to be bothered with a photo shoot. Very type and a full human imprint (purrs on contact!) she is ready for her forever home and comes with breeding rights.
All legs and ears little Inky, F-2B Savannah female, is growing like a weed. She is starting to show her lovely black spots through her black coat.
All ears Inky will steal your heart. A full Human Imprint this perfect F-2B Melanistic (black spots on black coat) female is ready for her forever home.
Little Inky has become the bold personality you would expect from a fully Human Imprinted baby. Black on Black Spotted and Purring on contact she is full of curiosity and fun.
Long and lean in leg and neck plus great ears, she will soon be ready for her forever home. Available at a very reasonable price as a pet with breeding rights.
Out of Pearl F-1 and Truffles F-5 SBT

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.089375
Retrieved Text: Sign at Prudence Crandall's female boarding school in Canterbury, CT; photo by Howard Stanbury on Flickr (noncommercial use permitted with attribution / share alike).
Prudence Crandall (1803-1890) was designated the official state heroine of Connecticut in 1995 as a symbol of courage for her stand against prejudice. Prudence Crandall established the first academy for African-American women in New England in 1833. For this audacity she and her students faced hardships and violence during its 18 months of operation.
"Prudence Crandall (1803-1890) opened an academy on the Canterbury Green in 1831 to educate daughters of wealthy local families. The school was extremely successful until the following fall when she admitted Sarah Harris, a 20-year-old black woman. Sarah had hoped to become a teacher with the help of the education the academy could provide. Reflecting the attitudes of the times, Sarah's admittance to the academy led parents to withdraw their daughters.Miss Crandall made contacts throughout the northeast's free black communities to attract young black women students. They came from as far away as Boston, New York City, and Philadelphia.
The State responded by passing the "Black Law" which made it illegal for Miss Crandall to operate her school. Miss Crandall was arrested, spent a night in jail, and faced three court trials. The case was dismissed in July of 1834. Two months later a mob attacked the school, forcing Miss Crandall to close. The courage shown by Miss Crandall, our State's official heroine, features prominently in civil rights history. The "Black Law" was repealed in 1838."
Prudence Crandall museum in Canterbury, CT;

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.782425
Retrieved Text: TINY, TINY BLONDE SPOTTED BOY WITH COOL SPOTS, CUTE FACE WITH BLACK AROUND BOTH EYES. HE WILL BE NEUTERED BY OUR VET, THIS IS INCLUDED IN HIS PRICE.
TINY, TINY LITTLE BLACK MALE WITH WHITE SOCKS ON ALL FOUR FEET. HE ALSO HAS A FAINT STAR ON HIS FOREHEAD AND A CUTE PINK SPOT IN THE MIDDLE OF HIS NOSE.
HE WILL BE NEUTERED BY OUR VET.
TINY, TINY BLONDE SPOTTED MALE, A WORK OF ART FOR SURE. HE HAS A PINK EAR AND A BLACK EAR, COOL FACE MARKINGS AND SPOTS GALORE.
NEUTER IS INCLUDED IN HIS PRICE.
TINY, TINY LITTLE SOLID BLACK PRINCESS. NICE BIG EYES, SHORT LITTLE SNOUT, VERY PETITE AND REFINED. TOTALLY ALL GIRL FOR SURE. LOOK AT THOSE LONG EYELASHES.
TINY, TINY FANCY SPOTTED FEMALE PRINCESS WITH LOTZ BLING.
VERY UNIQUE FACE MARKINGS ALONG WITH A COOL FRONT BLACK LEG, ALSO FANCY BLACK BRITCHES ON HER REAR LEGS. LOOKS LIKE AN ARTIST PAINTED THIS ONE. WHAT A LITTLE DOLL.
TINY, TINY LITTLE SOLID BLACK PRINCESS. SPORTING ONE FANCY WHITE STOCKING ON HER LITTLE FRONT LEFT FOOT. BIG BROWN EYES, SHORT LITTLE SNOUT, VERY PETITE AND REFINED. SHEZA A CUTIE PIE FOR SURE.
TINY, TINY SPOTTED LITTLE MAN, WITH UNIQUE SPOTS.
VERY CUTE LITTLE GUY WITH LOTZA COLOR. HE WILL BE NEUTERED BY OUR VET, AND IS INCLUDED IN HIS PRICE.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.39844
Retrieved Text: Jennifer “Aunt Broccoli” Getsinger shows you how to knit an artistic-looking scarf with shell buttons, in a couple of hours, using a single skein of yarn.
This 3-rib Salt & Pepper Scarf was knitted on 1.5 cm needles in curlicue acrylic yarn.
It’s too close to the Christmas holidays to knit socks, and you can’t stand the thought of any more shopping. In your knitting basket are a few odd balls of yarn left over from various projects. How do you create an easy and attractive home-crafted gift in a hurry?
Aunt Broccoli believes in keeping things simple, especially when attempting to knit her way through her gift list.
And nothing could be simpler than rib stitch: columns of knit stitches alternating with columns of purl stitches. (Okay—stockinette stitch is simpler, but you can’t use stockinette stitch on a scarf because it won’t lie flat.) All three scarves shown here can be made by knitting two stitches and then purling two stitches, repeating until the scarf measures the length of your arm.
This 6-rib Autumn Colours Scarf was knitted on 1 cm needles in a silk–wool blend.
This 3-rib Classic Black Scarf was knitted on massive 2.5 cm needles in an angora–wool blend.
Aunt Broccoli notes that the time required to knit a scarf is inversely proportional to the size of the needle: fat needles = less time. You may have to experiment to get the best combination of yarn, needle size, and completion time.
For her Autumn Colours Scarf in a silk–wool blend, Aunt Broccoli used 1 cm needles and 6 ribs and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.273968
Retrieved Text: A female burglar changed her clothes to wear black bodystocking only. But she failed her mission and exhausted her energy. When she just left the target area, she was found by her coworker, then he knew her real identity. What will he do to her next?
A female ninja wears typical clothes in daytime. The clothes actually covers black pantyhose and bodystocking underlying. After she puts off the clothes, the black bodystocking is shown. She displays her real identity at this time.
A foolish person does not know how foolish she is. Such foolish female ninjas wearing in black pantyhose just followed the enemy's posture but failed to work out the strength. The end was certainly their death.
Sir Run Run Shaw was a successful entertainment mogul and philanthropist. He made every movie which stimulated audience nerve with black veil and tight.
When a female ninja was killed, her body became the enemies' toy.
Although the end of a female ninja was brutal, she must make up her beauty with black bodysuit, black tight and black veil.
Before the judge, the wicked female ninja in black pantyhose and black veil will be killed by her own weapon. She will die with open eyes.
When a female assassin failed her mission, her enemy must knock her out and throw her onto the ground. Then her body will become a toy her brutal humiliation.
She dressed up with black suit, encased in black nylon and masked with black veil. She was a female spy agent. She risked her life for intelligence. If she failed, she would

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.91017
Retrieved Text: Earth Healer Fairy. The Healer Fairy is made with no molds from a special blend of polymer clays. Her eyes have been hand painted beautiful brown color with highlights, the eyelashes have been applied one at a time. The hair is made with gorgeous silky angora mohair in olive gold color.
She is around 5.5 inches tall in her sitting position. She is sitting on a custom made rock from which she can be removed. The Healer is holding a jar of natural waters she is using to energize with Earth powers. She is wearing a dark brown shiffon scarf, wrapped around her lovely head, embellished with tiny black beads.
The outfit is made with fiberous material in green, hand painted and accented with silver sparkles. Wings are made with black feathers, permanently attached to her back. They, however, can be gently posed.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.804455
Retrieved Text: Lost in " FY2 "
Black : Some odd flecks of White, in the light his coat looks Purple and shows signs of Tabby markings, his fur is very soft and quite thick.
All Black petite paw permanently raised..
Black and White, Black face, White on nose mouth and chin. White front and front legsand paw but Black tail, back and some White belly.
Tortoiseshell.. Ginger and Black with one Fawn right front paw.
she has to be found urgently.
British Short Hair.. Black with White nose mouth chin chest and underbelly. 2 White front paws and 2 White back legs.
Bengal ..Beige and Tan ..
beard and top of head also black. Several large black markings on his body, Looks just like a Fresian cow!
White on his tummy, he also has two White circles by his nose, his back 2 legs are mainly White too and his front legs are Black with White toes.
Photos shown are of Kitten as a youngster... he is bigger now.
Thomas a 1yr old Fluffy male.
Black and White: Black back and tail, White below nose to chest and tummy White socks.
Note: there have been reports of posible RTA nearby.. Need to prove that this was / was not Thomas... Any witnesses of an accident please get in touch.
Both - Male: Neuter: No Collar: No Chip.
Black and White: Black pads, White line down stomach, Tips of paws White. White on face around mouth and nose, 'Baby face'.
Missing from the area of Inver Road..
Missing from Admiral Gardens off Holmefield Road..
Pepper 21½ years young. An All Black short haired female, missing from

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.316273
Retrieved Text: Reno County authorities are looking for a woman who held up the Bank of Kansas in South Hutchinson this afternoon.
Reno County Undersheriff Sheldon Stewart said the woman, who appeared to be in her 40s, held up the bank at 2:46 p.m. before escaping through an alley in a silver car.
The woman, who is white, weighs 180 to 190 pounds, and is 5-feet-4-inches to 5-feet-7-inches tall, escaped with an undisclosed amount of case.
She was wearing black pants and a black shirt, and had a teal-colored scarf wrapped around her head, Stewart said.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.29485
Retrieved Text: Snowman With A Bird [H1957] - $13.00 : Yarn Tree, Your wholesale source for cross stitch supplies.
Cross stitch pattern by Twin Peak Primitives. Everyone please meet Miss Snowman. Walking through the snow covered ground, with a Christmas broom in her hand, a warm scarf around her neck & a black hat with holly on her head. She is just adorable. A little friend decided he would join her on her journey by sitting on her carrot nose. Where could they be headed?!?! Stitch count is 79W x 116H.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.292522
Retrieved Text: Catrine looks purr-fect in her back-to-school outfit that complements her light purple hair with pink and purple streaks. She is wearing a sleeveless dress that features irregular black stripes separated by pink, blue, or shimmery purple.
Around the pink waist and along the hem are black scalloped ruffles detailed with shimmery purple. The dress’s blue ribbon straps are hidden by a black sweater shrug.
Accessories consist of a black bracelet, lavender bracelet, a light blue tulle scarf around her neck, and a black bow on her tail. Her pink bag is adorned with black bows, side pockets, and two black handles secured by skullettes. On her feet are lavender peep-toe platform heels made up of a filigree of swirls.
Also included with the doll is a brush, doll stand, Catrine’s Scaremester diary, and a lavender coffin-shaped compact. Inside the compact are four ring pastels of different colors: aqua, pink, black, and white.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.259876
Retrieved Text: Kiki is a quarter Siamese, a quarter Persian, and we don't know what her dad was. Kiki is almost four years old. She's quite vocal and used to be very temperamental. Then, almost seven weeks ago she had her first litter of kittens. Since then she has calmed down a lot. This is Kiki and her family-Bert (male, black with white spots on his lower stomach, under his left leg, and on the tip of his tail), Jem (male, mostly black except for some white hairs in random places), Zander (male, color unknown), Silver (female, color unknown), and Silk (female, long furred white kitten with blue points with upper tail fur tipped in white, a white patch at the end of her tail, bi-color face, and tan spots).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.02184
Retrieved Text: Dee is a delightful, true black female with exceptional fiber density and coverage. She exhibits a classic suri head, beard and short, triangular head. Dense, heavy fiber coverage from her head all the way to her toes, all melded on a sturdy, big-boned female. Add personality and excellent conformation and you have the complete black package with this female.
Dee's purchase includes her first breeding to 2005 Reserve Suri Herdsire of the Year, Captain Morgan! And, Captain has produced 20% black offspring - think of THOSE possibilities!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.814396
Retrieved Text: Mary Tyler Moore, one of TV’s greatest comedians and real-life feminist icon has died at 80.
The Brooklyn-born actress' rise in fame was catalyzed by the popularity of her namesake ‘70s sitcom. Moore broke the mold set for female characters at the time, starring as a 30-year-old single woman who put her newsroom career first.
Aside from the trailblazing premise of all seven seasons of “The Mary Tyler Moore Show,” it’s perhaps the opening that continues to be best remembered by fans.
That scene, with Moore making her way through downtown Minneapolis in a black trench and blue beret. With a wide smile on her face, she twirls and tosses her hat into the air.
It was freezing cold. It was in Minneapolis in January, I think, or February. And we didn't know what we were doing. We were just there to grab a lot of footage that shows a young woman's exuberance being in a new city, looking around, gazing at the sights. And I had in my hand a hat, a little beret that my aunt had given me for Christmas. And I had packed that along with whatever other warm things that I had, which weren't too many 'cause I was a Californian, to go to Minneapolis to do these film spots.
And, as in the key to any great scene: it’s all in the details.
One playful detail is the puzzled face of Hazel Frederick, wearing a green coat, fur collar and scarf, watching Moore rip the beret off and toss it above her head. She happened to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.78205
Retrieved Text: Meet Jazz F-1 female Savannah born 3/27/12. This sweet baby will make an excellent addition Margueret's breeding program with her cool color, huge spots and thick rubbery black nose.
Shown here at 18 days old Jazz has just opened her eyes and is growing like a weed. Already more than a pound she loves her bottle and is thriving as a 100% human imprint.
To precious this little F-1 Savannah female will be a fabulous foundation cat.
Kittens don't get cutier that this!
Jazz, F-1 Savannah female is beautiful and she knows it!
I will be going home to Marguaret soon where I will become a beloved pet and superior foundation cat for my Canadian Cattery Tamberluck Savannahs.
This one I took a couple of weeks ago of Nefi, Jazz and Versace. Jazz is in the middle with the huge tummy!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.723373
Retrieved Text: Oprah Winfrey has had a very stellar career as a media mogul. Before she became one of the world’s richest women, she faced a number of challenges growing up but she faced them head on to become the woman she is today.
Winfrey is famously known for her eponymous TV show, which at a certain point in time was the highest-rated nationally syndicated television show. Her philanthropic ventures have also made her a beloved personality across the world.
When did the Oprah Winfrey show start though?
Before her famous eponymous show, Oprah had stints at WLAC-TV in Nashville (she became the station’s youngest news anchor and first black female news anchor) as well as WJZ-TV in Baltimore in 1976.
From there, she moved to Chicago where she became host of WLS-TV’s AM Chicago morning talk show. With her to thank, the show evolved to become the highest rated talk show in Chicago beating the highly popular Phil Donahue Show.
After signing a syndication deal with King World, the show was renamed the Oprah Winfrey show and the rest is history.
1986 was a very pivotal and groundbreaking year for Oprah as she became the first black woman to host a nationally syndicated show on February 8. The first episode of the Oprah Winfrey Show was also aired nationally on September 8.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.63578
Retrieved Text: Home › Knitting › Lion’s, mice and crocodiles, oh my!
It’s been busy since my last post – despite losing three days to the plague (some viral infection that resulted in me seeing black spots during coughing fits, and left me so short of breath I was unable to go up/down the stairs without a break halfway up/down) – I have managed to tie up the ends of a few projects, Felix has had her fifth birthday and there was a crazy cat party with 30+ around five year old kids, with games, activities and even a wizard!
Rabbie has done a good post that covers more on that last bit!
Needless to say I am exhausted! But it’s been worth it, Felix was so happy and excited!
A few more mice where knitted, but more importantly, I finished the cat of the ‘Feed the Cat’ game. Here it is having survived the party, in pretty good shape all things considered!
She’s a big dog, so maybe she needed to be a big cat…?
And lastly, crocodiles. Well, crocodile, singular.
The mini crocodile scarf I had made previous was mislaid last winter, as happens with small children, at the time Felix was good about it and accepted a quick knit black scarf I threw together.
Sigh. So I’ve made another for this winter…hopefully it won’t get lost!
It was an awesome weekend! Everything went perfectly (or purrfectly?) and Missy looks great in her lion snood! Already planning a photoshoot for her!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.5901
Retrieved Text: Dr. Martens was founded in 1947, and the boots have been a teenage essential for decades. However, recently interest in these boots has spiked once again, as Gigi Hadid has been wearing hers 24/7 and buzzed-about brand Vetements has launched a collaboration with the footwear giant. But what is the best way to wear Dr. Martens in 2017? We rounded up five of our favourite recent outfits showing how to style the clompy boots so they look better than ever.
While we will always love how Agyness Deyn styled hers circa 2006, it's now about wearing them with cropped jeans, puffer jackets and vinyl rather than tutu skirts and short shorts. They look best when paired with cropped black cigarette trousers or a pair of ankle-grazing jeans with a statement kick-flare, such as the Zara jeans above.
We love how singer Laura Hayden wore her patent 8-eyelet boots on stage with a Rockins skinny scarf and high-shine H&M vinyl trousers. Elsewhere, Elle UK Accessories Editor Donna Wallace used her white pair with a denim pinafore dress and sporty ankle socks.
Scroll through the gallery below to see five of our favourite ways to wear Dr. Martens boots.
Style Notes: For a rock 'n' roll look, pair patent Dr. Martens with high-shine vinyl trousers and a skinny Rockins scarf like Hayden did.
Style Notes: Gigi is a big fan of Dr. Martens, but this is our favourite of her DM looks to date. She paired her cherry-red boots with a pair of cropped black trousers to show off the entire boot, and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.382385
Retrieved Text: New World Record koi auction price set at today’s Dainichi Koi Farm Auction 2013. At an incredible price of 21,500,000 Yen, it was a beautiful nisai Dainichi Showa, an offspring of Dainichi Female Parent Koi (Oyagoi), “Gachako”. The last world record auction price koi was only set recently by a Sakai Taisho Sanke at the Sakai Fish Farm Koi Auction 2013 for a price of 21,000,000 Yen.
Please enjoy the following pics taken by and courtesy of Mark Gardner.
Marugen Koi Farm wishes to congratulate Dainichi Koi Farm on its extremely successful & bountiful fruits on its recent Dainichi Koi Auction 2013, as well as the new owner, Ryuki Narita from Narita Koi Farm on his new World Record Price Breaking Auction Koi – a beautiful Danichi Showa!
Every koi hobbyists are now looking at the upcoming Dainichi Koi Auction 2013 (dated 07 Oct 2013), to see if Dainichi will claim the Most Expensive Auction Koi, only recently set by Sakai Fish Farm Auction 2013, for a beautiful Sakai Nisai Sanke, for an astronomical price of 21,000,000 Japanese Yen (equivalent to about Singapore Dollars $270,000 or Malaysian Ringgit RM685,000). Click here to see the Most Expensive Auction Koi Fish.
Here at Marugen Koi Farm, we decided to join in the fun by picking a few of our favourite Dainichi Kois, that will be undergoing the auction hammer tomorrow. So here goes!
This Yonsai (4 years of age) Dainichi showa is a size 68cm beauty. She has a lovely head pattern; thick black sumi striking through a patch of blood red Beni

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.12477
Retrieved Text: Clothing/Jewelry Description A white t-shirt, shorts, a black and white head scarf and possibly black and pink Fila sneakers.
Medical Conditions Anderson was two and a half months pregnant at the time of her disappearance. She has been prescribed medication for unspecified reasons and does not have it with her.
Distinguishing Characteristics African-American female. Black hair, brown eyes. Anderson's ears are pierced. She has an athletic build. She has scars on her right wrist, her leg and her calf, and tattoos on her right knee and calf.
Anderson was last seen between 10:30 and 11:00 p.m. on January 24, 2006 at her residence in the vicinity of the 400 block of Albert Lewis Way in Mansfield, Louisiana. She got a telephone call from an unknown individual and left shortly afterwards.
At 1:30 a.m. the next day, she text-messaged a friend and said she was coming over to their residence at a housing project one and a half miles away. She never arrived and has never been heard from again.
Anderson's family doubts she would have attempted to walk the whole distance to her friend's home; it was a cool night and she was feeling ill, possibly as a result of her pregnancy. Her loved ones stated she often accepted rides from people and may have done so on the night of her disappearance.
Her family does not believe she left of her own accord. She has left her home before, but always kept her family informed of her whereabouts. Anderson left behind her purse, jacket and other clothing, billfold, medicine and identification;

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.995483
Retrieved Text: As fashion week ends and a new cycle of styles begin, how does one mange her wardrobe with the latest and greatest? Living in large city with limited closet space, there is barely room for an eclectic and accessible wardrobe, therefore I go back in time concentrating on a staple wardrobe piece which every female should have. I am reminded of the 1961 film Breakfast at Tiffany's. The film features the timeless actress Audrey Hepburn who popularizes the classic little black dress designed by Hubert de Givenchy. This look inspires me to bring out my collection of 'Little Black Dresses' this season. The film, based off the novel written by Truman Capote, displays how one can always be fabulous with staple wardrobe pieces.
Black clothing, originally reserved for mourning, was eventually transformed into a versatile, affordable and accessible everyday look for women of all social classes. Coco Chanel, a lover of black clothing, began designing stylish staple dresses for daytime and evening use in the 1920s. The little black dress continued to be popular throughout the Great Depression because of its adaptability for different occasions. Due to the poor economy women decided to adapt the little black dress permanently to their wardrobes to maintain a classic and elegant look.
Most women consider their little black dresses to be lucky stamina which gives confidence. The best part is the potential that one dress can have by mixing an array of accessories to dress up or downplay the look. Pairing the dress with pearl earrings, costume jewelry, a silk scarf

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.76214
Retrieved Text: For Adoption - Placing Misplaced Pets, Inc.
is a nonprofit organization based in Pasco County, Florida.
Please visit our adoption application page to get the adoption process started. Thank you for your interest!
Character: Scooby is a male Dachshund. He is a dapple with a wonderful ticked smooth soft coat. He is up-to-date on all vaccines and is heartworm negative. He will be neutered prior to adoption. He loves cats and walks well on a leash. He is somewhat skittish, but working on him feeling more comfortable. He is looking for his forever home!
Character: Azalea is a beautiful young female rescued from Hillsborough County Animal Services. She is between 1 to 2 years young. She is already spayed and is up-to-date on her vaccines, she is even micro chipped! She is very shy with all that she had been through, but we are helping her to trust people again. She is ready for her forever home - is it yours?
Character: Prince was rescued from Hillsborough County Animal Services. He is a young, playful male. He is current on his vaccinations, already neutered and is even micro-chipped. Is there room in your castle for this regal feline? He would love to rule your court.
Character: Nadaya is a young female, with a gorgeous silky black coat. She is already spayed, has had all her vaccines, and is all ready for her forever home. She was shy at first but now likes attention, petting her back and head, but not belly rubs!
Character: Chez is an adult neutered male with gorgeous green eyes.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.750736
Retrieved Text: Megan has good fleece is a rich chocolate brown in colour - dense with considerable crimp. Of note is the colouring of her head and muzzle which are tinged with black, shading into black ears. She also has black "socks". She gets along well with our other females and she is very gentle with people.
Megan was shown only once at the 2007 Alpaca Ontario Show where she placed in the middle of a very large colour class.
In 2008, she was bred to HA Desert Commander and produced an excellent male cria - EAF Mordecai.
In 2012, she was bred to SSA Sunset Riley and produced another male cria - EAF Megatron.
In 2013, she was bred to Victory's Aaron resulting is a healthy female cria - EAF Victory's Felicity.
Megan had difficulty with her last cria delivery (prolapsed uterus) and should no longer be bred, nonetheless she is an excellent animal and would make an excellent companion and "lawnmower"!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.71269
Retrieved Text: A women a bit on the thinner side, Lucy looks even skinnier than she is due to her height. Standing at five feet eight inches tall. Her limbs are long and elegant giving her a graceful appearance as she moves. Her skin has a lovely tone to it being that isn’t isn’t some ghostly pale thing. No she has a warm tone to her skin naturally, and sports a fair tan that shows she does indeed get sunlight. She looks rather healthy other than being pretty thin. Her eyes are warm brown and have a lively spirit within them. Though she isn’t completely the run of the mill human. Not by a long shot as she has short pink hair, with black tips at the bottom, and white tips on her bangs. Though that isn’t even the most interesting part about her. Her ears are rounded and pink on the backside, with black tips. Her right ear even has a small white heart. The inside of her ears are white. Some have mistaken her ears for mouse ears, but in fact they are just slightly big Jaguar ears. She also has not one, but two fluffy pink tails. The undersides of the tails are white, and on the top side by the ends she has a small white heart of both tail. Coming out of her shoulders she has a pair of small white wings. They were much bigger at one point, but after being cut countless times the feathers have stopped re-growing. She is normally

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.70778
Retrieved Text: Sire: Kiwehawk SBT Dam: Nefertelli Azua of Provenmountain F1 Brie is a large brown spotted tabby, very typie F2 female. She has very large black spots, large whisker pads and chin, thick tail, and beautiful long head and body. Her grand sire is the rare Kingofasia of Nefertelli ALC. Brie is the most loving, sweetest, laid-back F2 we have ever seen. She just wants to be in your lap and loved all day long. I will put her up against any SBT. We want to thank Karen Shaw of Askari, Ruth Todice of Uniquely, and Nancy Robichaud of Provenmountain. All three have had a part in this beautiful, loving female.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.66497
Retrieved Text: The girl had long white hair that matched the snow. She was not old; she looked like she was in her teens. Her unforgetful blue eyes searched the ground as snowflakes swirled around her. A pack of wolves followed her bare feet sinking in the pearly white floor that coated the ground and the trees. She was quiet, her steps as light as a feather.
The girl spotted a red scarf ripped in half on the ground. She suppressed a gasp and ran up to the torn scarf. She gently picked it up and brushed off the white powder, recognizing it immediately. "No, no, no..." she murmured under her breath and spotted shoe prints in the snow. The pack of wolves sniffed it. They growled and the girl told them to be quiet. "Do not worry, my pack. He is around," she promised and tightened her grip on the scarf.
She turned around and faced the shoe prints. She ran gracefully, following the path. As she ran, her skin turned whiter, her eyes sharpening and taking a more wolf-like appearance. Her long white hair shortened and appeared all over her body.
And the girl became a snow white wolf with the same stunning blue eyes.
They trotted along the boot prints, the white wolf in the lead with the ripped red scarf in between her teeth.
The path led to a cliff overlooking the freezing sea.
A boy stood there, clutching the other part of the red scarf. He turned around. He had jet-black hair with the nicest shade of green swirling

================



======= Instance Index 25 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A black female is shown in a room with a black scarf around her head. Black spots on her faced are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it. next... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: , she begins to brush her lips and make painted lips look just like a lipstick to the camera and ends with her closing gift and instruction showing her off at the end.

Ending 2: she is shown in various different locations and gets extremely close to a wall.

Ending 3: , she is shown making multiple moans and sprays some kind of liquid down her face before hanging up.

Ending 4: , she takes some spray and it makes her skin extremely oily and she continues to talk until the video is over.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 46.025593
Retrieved Text: It seems like everyone's doing 12-inch female figures these days. Just hot off previewing the next generation Phicen Limited 1/6 Super-Flexible Female Seamless Body with Stainless Steel Skeleton (2 versions - Asian and Caucasian) in the previous post HERE, we get news that Very Cool Toys will also be releasing a pair of female figures. Very Cool's release will be 12-inch VC Caucasian Skin Tone Large-Bust Female Body with 1/6 scale female head sculpt with rooted hair but come with two uniform / outfit options - CP Camouflage and / or black.
Very Cool VCF-2021B 1/6 scale Female Shooter 12-inch figure (Black outfit version) will come with Female Rooted Hair Head Sculpt, VC Caucasian Skin Tone Large-Bust Female Body, T-Shirt, Bra-Top, Tactical Pants, Training Cap, Scarf, Belt, Pair of Military Boots, Pistol holster, Frag Grenade, GP Pouch, Backpack, Fist-aid Pouch, Watch, GPS, P226 Pistol, Pistol Magazine x 2, MK18 Rifle (For VCF-2021B: Black) with ACOG, M4 Rifle Magazine, Gloved Hand: 3 pieces, Pair of Relaxed Hands, Pair of Fist Hands, Pair of trigger Hands, pair of grasping hands.
The 1/6 scale head sculpt does bear a certain resemblance to Milla Jovovich, the female action heroine in all the "Resident Evil" films, not to mention "Ultraviolet" and many more, most memorable for me was her role as Leeloo in "The Fifth Element" and her first film role back in 1997.
I've never looked at this brand before, but I have to ask if the ACOG in the black outfit was put on backward at the factory, or was it just

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.18799
Retrieved Text: The Red Felt Tux Coat has matching Top Hat that is made from Felt and the Top Hat has a Matching Color Ribbon Tie to Hold On the Top Hat.
The Vests are made from a Cotton Patriotic Printed Fabric and Will Always be a Patriotic Theme and have Three (3) Buttons. The Print on the Cotton Vest may vary based on the availability of Cotton Patriotic Theme Printed Fabric.
Please check out my ETSY site at www.ripnrollrugs.etsy.com.
This Handmade and Handcrafted Easter Bunny Lawn Goose Outfit was made from Brown Felt and is wearing a Brown Felt Head piece with Brown Felt Outer Ears and White Fleece Inner Ears.
He is sporting a Multi-color Ribbon Bow Tie to set off his outfit.
He is holding a Small Basket with Easter Eggs.
Red Polka Dot Bikini Swim suits.This Handmade and Handcrafted Lawn Goose Bikini Swim Suit Outfit is made from Red Polka Dot Cotton Printed Fabrics with White Polka Dots.The Polka Dots size may vary based on the availability of fabric with the Polka Dots.
Bikini Set includes a Bonnet with a White Ruffle Brim with a Tie, Top, Flirty Skirt and Matching Sunglasses.
The Bikini Top and Flirty Skirt has Elastic for a better fit, and are connected in the back to ensure the Bikini Outfit stays on the Goose.
​​​​​Colors represented in these pictures are accurate, but Please Remember, Different Computers and Monitors MAY represent Colors differently.
Yellow Raincoat/Rain Slicker Goose Outfit.
This Handmade and Handcrafted Lawn Goose Raincoat was made from Yellow Taxi Vinyl Material and has four (4) Black Buttons down the front.
The

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.04591
Retrieved Text: Abarrane's female kitten #4: Petite, brown-spotted sweet girl RESERVED!
Niah’s female kitten #1: Golden with long legs, puffy nose, and tall ears!
F6 SBT litter born 10/21/18! ALL SOLD!
Evie’s Male kitten #1: Warm brown background with black spots SOLD!!!
Evie’s Male kitten #2: Warm brown background with black spots SOLD!!!
Evie’s Female kitten #3: Warm brown background with black spots SOLD!!!
F5C litter was born 7/17/18!
Abarrane's Male kitten: Gold with great contrast and wide-spread spots! SOLD breeder!
Abarrane's Female #1: Golden background with black spots SOLD!!!
Abarrane's Female #2: Cool brown with jet black spots SOLD!!!
Niah's F3C Female born 4/26/18!
Gorgeous golden coat with huge black spots, long legs, nice ears, and sweet personality! This girl has it all! SOLD as breeder!!!
F6 SBT litter born March 25th!
Evie's Male kitten #1: Being offered to approved breeding program SOLD as Breeder!
Evie's Female kitten #2: Golden background, nice black spots SOLD as Breeder!
Evie's Female kitten #3: Cool brown, jet black spots, cuddle bug SOLD as breeder!
Abarrane's Kitten #1: Male is brown with black spots and nose SOLD!!!
Abarrane's Kitten #2: Female is golden with nicely spotted pattern SOLD!!!
Abarrane's Kitten #3: Female is brown with black spots SOLD!!!
Niah's Kitten #1: Brown & black Male has fun personality, great legs and spots! SOLD!!!
Niah's Kitten #2: Warm, golden Female with great spots! Quiet, sweet and cuddly! SOLD as breeder!!!
Niah's Kitten #3: Stunning golden Male has jet black spots, great ears, and mile-long legs! He is truly one of the most Serval-like F3s I've ever seen! SOLD!!!
Niah's Kitten #4: SOLD as Breeder!!!
Niah's F3C FEMALE (25% Serval!): $5000 pet price SOLD!!!
This Savannah girl

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.863403
Retrieved Text: Below are Gibb's and Laila's litter. 3 Puppies are still available, they are 30% European with Champion Bloodlines.
"Lexi" Flashy Mahogany Brindle Female.
She has very few Black stripes in her. She's very playful and loving.
Her price is $700.00 for full AKC Registration.
"Luna" *knows name* White female with a black spot aboie her right eye and brown spots on her right ear.
She is started on housebreaking and does well when let out every hour and after she eats. She know what 'no' means and is such a sweet playful girl.
"Ghost" We are looking for the perfect pet home for this sweet little boy, his is a big sweet heart and loves givin kisses and being held. He follows my son around everywhere. He will make anyone a great pet.
"Hoss" This Flashy Fawn male is a BIG boy, he has a huge wide head and a square big boned body. He's the biggest of the litter and has the widest head and muzzle.
His Price is $1000.00 Limited Registration $1500.00 Full AKC Registration.
A $350.00 deposit will hol him for limited registration, and a $500.00 deposit will hold him for full registration.
"Pudge" This male is really nice, he has a very big wrinkled face and a big boned suared body.
His price is $1000.00 for limited, $1500.00 for full.
"Flash" He is a nice head and a nicely built body.
His price is $1000.00 Limited, $1500.00 Full.
"Azura" This girl is staying here with us, she has a very nice head and muzzle and good markings.
"Fancy" This girl is very flashy, she has a wide

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.678738
Retrieved Text: I can’t get tired of this Marc Jacobs campaign! It’s better than Halloween and every possible costume ball ever!
Miss La Moth here is like every housewife’s dream after a busy day at home. She forgot one of the children’s toys in her head but then again she’s all dressed up (uh, pardon my white bra, haven’t got anything else to match this lila scarf I put around my neck!) and wearing her fav grandma lunettes. Because grandma’ was a bourgeoise, you seeee….
And because I’m a small figure, the scarf is wrapped around my neck and still get it to my toes, I found a black belt to strand me with and that purse I received for free when purchasing the “Regional Fashion” issue. Now I’m doing the ball dance like my grandma, it’s like this….
You see, here, there’s some spots.. something from that bag! I think it’s the ink! I’m gonna throw that thing out immediately!
Today I saw a movie on TV. It was really scary! About a girl coming out of a well…she crawled towards you just like in the picture. It was so frightening! (good thing I put on my white bra, so you’d know it’s me and not her!).

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.410625
Retrieved Text: Like a little Black Leopard this precious F-2 savannah girl has gone to her new home where she will be an excellent and exotic looking pet. 100% Human imprinted this girl is sure to please.
Cute as a button and Dark and Mysterious looking this F-2B Savannah female will make a superior pet.
Miss Personality F-2B Melanistic Savannah female kitten!
Inky is full of play and will need a superior pet and/or Queen for an approved breeding program.
Growing like a weed with huge feet this F-2B Savannah girl is still looking for her forever home. She is a 100% Human Imprint and loves people.
Inky, F-2B Savannah female is way to busy to be bothered with a photo shoot. Very type and a full human imprint (purrs on contact!) she is ready for her forever home and comes with breeding rights.
All legs and ears little Inky, F-2B Savannah female, is growing like a weed. She is starting to show her lovely black spots through her black coat.
All ears Inky will steal your heart. A full Human Imprint this perfect F-2B Melanistic (black spots on black coat) female is ready for her forever home.
Little Inky has become the bold personality you would expect from a fully Human Imprinted baby. Black on Black Spotted and Purring on contact she is full of curiosity and fun.
Long and lean in leg and neck plus great ears, she will soon be ready for her forever home. Available at a very reasonable price as a pet with breeding rights.
Out of Pearl F-1 and Truffles F-5 SBT

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.089375
Retrieved Text: Sign at Prudence Crandall's female boarding school in Canterbury, CT; photo by Howard Stanbury on Flickr (noncommercial use permitted with attribution / share alike).
Prudence Crandall (1803-1890) was designated the official state heroine of Connecticut in 1995 as a symbol of courage for her stand against prejudice. Prudence Crandall established the first academy for African-American women in New England in 1833. For this audacity she and her students faced hardships and violence during its 18 months of operation.
"Prudence Crandall (1803-1890) opened an academy on the Canterbury Green in 1831 to educate daughters of wealthy local families. The school was extremely successful until the following fall when she admitted Sarah Harris, a 20-year-old black woman. Sarah had hoped to become a teacher with the help of the education the academy could provide. Reflecting the attitudes of the times, Sarah's admittance to the academy led parents to withdraw their daughters.Miss Crandall made contacts throughout the northeast's free black communities to attract young black women students. They came from as far away as Boston, New York City, and Philadelphia.
The State responded by passing the "Black Law" which made it illegal for Miss Crandall to operate her school. Miss Crandall was arrested, spent a night in jail, and faced three court trials. The case was dismissed in July of 1834. Two months later a mob attacked the school, forcing Miss Crandall to close. The courage shown by Miss Crandall, our State's official heroine, features prominently in civil rights history. The "Black Law" was repealed in 1838."
Prudence Crandall museum in Canterbury, CT;

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.782425
Retrieved Text: TINY, TINY BLONDE SPOTTED BOY WITH COOL SPOTS, CUTE FACE WITH BLACK AROUND BOTH EYES. HE WILL BE NEUTERED BY OUR VET, THIS IS INCLUDED IN HIS PRICE.
TINY, TINY LITTLE BLACK MALE WITH WHITE SOCKS ON ALL FOUR FEET. HE ALSO HAS A FAINT STAR ON HIS FOREHEAD AND A CUTE PINK SPOT IN THE MIDDLE OF HIS NOSE.
HE WILL BE NEUTERED BY OUR VET.
TINY, TINY BLONDE SPOTTED MALE, A WORK OF ART FOR SURE. HE HAS A PINK EAR AND A BLACK EAR, COOL FACE MARKINGS AND SPOTS GALORE.
NEUTER IS INCLUDED IN HIS PRICE.
TINY, TINY LITTLE SOLID BLACK PRINCESS. NICE BIG EYES, SHORT LITTLE SNOUT, VERY PETITE AND REFINED. TOTALLY ALL GIRL FOR SURE. LOOK AT THOSE LONG EYELASHES.
TINY, TINY FANCY SPOTTED FEMALE PRINCESS WITH LOTZ BLING.
VERY UNIQUE FACE MARKINGS ALONG WITH A COOL FRONT BLACK LEG, ALSO FANCY BLACK BRITCHES ON HER REAR LEGS. LOOKS LIKE AN ARTIST PAINTED THIS ONE. WHAT A LITTLE DOLL.
TINY, TINY LITTLE SOLID BLACK PRINCESS. SPORTING ONE FANCY WHITE STOCKING ON HER LITTLE FRONT LEFT FOOT. BIG BROWN EYES, SHORT LITTLE SNOUT, VERY PETITE AND REFINED. SHEZA A CUTIE PIE FOR SURE.
TINY, TINY SPOTTED LITTLE MAN, WITH UNIQUE SPOTS.
VERY CUTE LITTLE GUY WITH LOTZA COLOR. HE WILL BE NEUTERED BY OUR VET, AND IS INCLUDED IN HIS PRICE.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.39844
Retrieved Text: Jennifer “Aunt Broccoli” Getsinger shows you how to knit an artistic-looking scarf with shell buttons, in a couple of hours, using a single skein of yarn.
This 3-rib Salt & Pepper Scarf was knitted on 1.5 cm needles in curlicue acrylic yarn.
It’s too close to the Christmas holidays to knit socks, and you can’t stand the thought of any more shopping. In your knitting basket are a few odd balls of yarn left over from various projects. How do you create an easy and attractive home-crafted gift in a hurry?
Aunt Broccoli believes in keeping things simple, especially when attempting to knit her way through her gift list.
And nothing could be simpler than rib stitch: columns of knit stitches alternating with columns of purl stitches. (Okay—stockinette stitch is simpler, but you can’t use stockinette stitch on a scarf because it won’t lie flat.) All three scarves shown here can be made by knitting two stitches and then purling two stitches, repeating until the scarf measures the length of your arm.
This 6-rib Autumn Colours Scarf was knitted on 1 cm needles in a silk–wool blend.
This 3-rib Classic Black Scarf was knitted on massive 2.5 cm needles in an angora–wool blend.
Aunt Broccoli notes that the time required to knit a scarf is inversely proportional to the size of the needle: fat needles = less time. You may have to experiment to get the best combination of yarn, needle size, and completion time.
For her Autumn Colours Scarf in a silk–wool blend, Aunt Broccoli used 1 cm needles and 6 ribs and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.273968
Retrieved Text: A female burglar changed her clothes to wear black bodystocking only. But she failed her mission and exhausted her energy. When she just left the target area, she was found by her coworker, then he knew her real identity. What will he do to her next?
A female ninja wears typical clothes in daytime. The clothes actually covers black pantyhose and bodystocking underlying. After she puts off the clothes, the black bodystocking is shown. She displays her real identity at this time.
A foolish person does not know how foolish she is. Such foolish female ninjas wearing in black pantyhose just followed the enemy's posture but failed to work out the strength. The end was certainly their death.
Sir Run Run Shaw was a successful entertainment mogul and philanthropist. He made every movie which stimulated audience nerve with black veil and tight.
When a female ninja was killed, her body became the enemies' toy.
Although the end of a female ninja was brutal, she must make up her beauty with black bodysuit, black tight and black veil.
Before the judge, the wicked female ninja in black pantyhose and black veil will be killed by her own weapon. She will die with open eyes.
When a female assassin failed her mission, her enemy must knock her out and throw her onto the ground. Then her body will become a toy her brutal humiliation.
She dressed up with black suit, encased in black nylon and masked with black veil. She was a female spy agent. She risked her life for intelligence. If she failed, she would

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.91017
Retrieved Text: Earth Healer Fairy. The Healer Fairy is made with no molds from a special blend of polymer clays. Her eyes have been hand painted beautiful brown color with highlights, the eyelashes have been applied one at a time. The hair is made with gorgeous silky angora mohair in olive gold color.
She is around 5.5 inches tall in her sitting position. She is sitting on a custom made rock from which she can be removed. The Healer is holding a jar of natural waters she is using to energize with Earth powers. She is wearing a dark brown shiffon scarf, wrapped around her lovely head, embellished with tiny black beads.
The outfit is made with fiberous material in green, hand painted and accented with silver sparkles. Wings are made with black feathers, permanently attached to her back. They, however, can be gently posed.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.804455
Retrieved Text: Lost in " FY2 "
Black : Some odd flecks of White, in the light his coat looks Purple and shows signs of Tabby markings, his fur is very soft and quite thick.
All Black petite paw permanently raised..
Black and White, Black face, White on nose mouth and chin. White front and front legsand paw but Black tail, back and some White belly.
Tortoiseshell.. Ginger and Black with one Fawn right front paw.
she has to be found urgently.
British Short Hair.. Black with White nose mouth chin chest and underbelly. 2 White front paws and 2 White back legs.
Bengal ..Beige and Tan ..
beard and top of head also black. Several large black markings on his body, Looks just like a Fresian cow!
White on his tummy, he also has two White circles by his nose, his back 2 legs are mainly White too and his front legs are Black with White toes.
Photos shown are of Kitten as a youngster... he is bigger now.
Thomas a 1yr old Fluffy male.
Black and White: Black back and tail, White below nose to chest and tummy White socks.
Note: there have been reports of posible RTA nearby.. Need to prove that this was / was not Thomas... Any witnesses of an accident please get in touch.
Both - Male: Neuter: No Collar: No Chip.
Black and White: Black pads, White line down stomach, Tips of paws White. White on face around mouth and nose, 'Baby face'.
Missing from the area of Inver Road..
Missing from Admiral Gardens off Holmefield Road..
Pepper 21½ years young. An All Black short haired female, missing from

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.316273
Retrieved Text: Reno County authorities are looking for a woman who held up the Bank of Kansas in South Hutchinson this afternoon.
Reno County Undersheriff Sheldon Stewart said the woman, who appeared to be in her 40s, held up the bank at 2:46 p.m. before escaping through an alley in a silver car.
The woman, who is white, weighs 180 to 190 pounds, and is 5-feet-4-inches to 5-feet-7-inches tall, escaped with an undisclosed amount of case.
She was wearing black pants and a black shirt, and had a teal-colored scarf wrapped around her head, Stewart said.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.29485
Retrieved Text: Snowman With A Bird [H1957] - $13.00 : Yarn Tree, Your wholesale source for cross stitch supplies.
Cross stitch pattern by Twin Peak Primitives. Everyone please meet Miss Snowman. Walking through the snow covered ground, with a Christmas broom in her hand, a warm scarf around her neck & a black hat with holly on her head. She is just adorable. A little friend decided he would join her on her journey by sitting on her carrot nose. Where could they be headed?!?! Stitch count is 79W x 116H.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.292522
Retrieved Text: Catrine looks purr-fect in her back-to-school outfit that complements her light purple hair with pink and purple streaks. She is wearing a sleeveless dress that features irregular black stripes separated by pink, blue, or shimmery purple.
Around the pink waist and along the hem are black scalloped ruffles detailed with shimmery purple. The dress’s blue ribbon straps are hidden by a black sweater shrug.
Accessories consist of a black bracelet, lavender bracelet, a light blue tulle scarf around her neck, and a black bow on her tail. Her pink bag is adorned with black bows, side pockets, and two black handles secured by skullettes. On her feet are lavender peep-toe platform heels made up of a filigree of swirls.
Also included with the doll is a brush, doll stand, Catrine’s Scaremester diary, and a lavender coffin-shaped compact. Inside the compact are four ring pastels of different colors: aqua, pink, black, and white.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.259876
Retrieved Text: Kiki is a quarter Siamese, a quarter Persian, and we don't know what her dad was. Kiki is almost four years old. She's quite vocal and used to be very temperamental. Then, almost seven weeks ago she had her first litter of kittens. Since then she has calmed down a lot. This is Kiki and her family-Bert (male, black with white spots on his lower stomach, under his left leg, and on the tip of his tail), Jem (male, mostly black except for some white hairs in random places), Zander (male, color unknown), Silver (female, color unknown), and Silk (female, long furred white kitten with blue points with upper tail fur tipped in white, a white patch at the end of her tail, bi-color face, and tan spots).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.02184
Retrieved Text: Dee is a delightful, true black female with exceptional fiber density and coverage. She exhibits a classic suri head, beard and short, triangular head. Dense, heavy fiber coverage from her head all the way to her toes, all melded on a sturdy, big-boned female. Add personality and excellent conformation and you have the complete black package with this female.
Dee's purchase includes her first breeding to 2005 Reserve Suri Herdsire of the Year, Captain Morgan! And, Captain has produced 20% black offspring - think of THOSE possibilities!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 41.814396
Retrieved Text: Mary Tyler Moore, one of TV’s greatest comedians and real-life feminist icon has died at 80.
The Brooklyn-born actress' rise in fame was catalyzed by the popularity of her namesake ‘70s sitcom. Moore broke the mold set for female characters at the time, starring as a 30-year-old single woman who put her newsroom career first.
Aside from the trailblazing premise of all seven seasons of “The Mary Tyler Moore Show,” it’s perhaps the opening that continues to be best remembered by fans.
That scene, with Moore making her way through downtown Minneapolis in a black trench and blue beret. With a wide smile on her face, she twirls and tosses her hat into the air.
It was freezing cold. It was in Minneapolis in January, I think, or February. And we didn't know what we were doing. We were just there to grab a lot of footage that shows a young woman's exuberance being in a new city, looking around, gazing at the sights. And I had in my hand a hat, a little beret that my aunt had given me for Christmas. And I had packed that along with whatever other warm things that I had, which weren't too many 'cause I was a Californian, to go to Minneapolis to do these film spots.
And, as in the key to any great scene: it’s all in the details.
One playful detail is the puzzled face of Hazel Frederick, wearing a green coat, fur collar and scarf, watching Moore rip the beret off and toss it above her head. She happened to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.78205
Retrieved Text: Meet Jazz F-1 female Savannah born 3/27/12. This sweet baby will make an excellent addition Margueret's breeding program with her cool color, huge spots and thick rubbery black nose.
Shown here at 18 days old Jazz has just opened her eyes and is growing like a weed. Already more than a pound she loves her bottle and is thriving as a 100% human imprint.
To precious this little F-1 Savannah female will be a fabulous foundation cat.
Kittens don't get cutier that this!
Jazz, F-1 Savannah female is beautiful and she knows it!
I will be going home to Marguaret soon where I will become a beloved pet and superior foundation cat for my Canadian Cattery Tamberluck Savannahs.
This one I took a couple of weeks ago of Nefi, Jazz and Versace. Jazz is in the middle with the huge tummy!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.723373
Retrieved Text: Oprah Winfrey has had a very stellar career as a media mogul. Before she became one of the world’s richest women, she faced a number of challenges growing up but she faced them head on to become the woman she is today.
Winfrey is famously known for her eponymous TV show, which at a certain point in time was the highest-rated nationally syndicated television show. Her philanthropic ventures have also made her a beloved personality across the world.
When did the Oprah Winfrey show start though?
Before her famous eponymous show, Oprah had stints at WLAC-TV in Nashville (she became the station’s youngest news anchor and first black female news anchor) as well as WJZ-TV in Baltimore in 1976.
From there, she moved to Chicago where she became host of WLS-TV’s AM Chicago morning talk show. With her to thank, the show evolved to become the highest rated talk show in Chicago beating the highly popular Phil Donahue Show.
After signing a syndication deal with King World, the show was renamed the Oprah Winfrey show and the rest is history.
1986 was a very pivotal and groundbreaking year for Oprah as she became the first black woman to host a nationally syndicated show on February 8. The first episode of the Oprah Winfrey Show was also aired nationally on September 8.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.63578
Retrieved Text: Home › Knitting › Lion’s, mice and crocodiles, oh my!
It’s been busy since my last post – despite losing three days to the plague (some viral infection that resulted in me seeing black spots during coughing fits, and left me so short of breath I was unable to go up/down the stairs without a break halfway up/down) – I have managed to tie up the ends of a few projects, Felix has had her fifth birthday and there was a crazy cat party with 30+ around five year old kids, with games, activities and even a wizard!
Rabbie has done a good post that covers more on that last bit!
Needless to say I am exhausted! But it’s been worth it, Felix was so happy and excited!
A few more mice where knitted, but more importantly, I finished the cat of the ‘Feed the Cat’ game. Here it is having survived the party, in pretty good shape all things considered!
She’s a big dog, so maybe she needed to be a big cat…?
And lastly, crocodiles. Well, crocodile, singular.
The mini crocodile scarf I had made previous was mislaid last winter, as happens with small children, at the time Felix was good about it and accepted a quick knit black scarf I threw together.
Sigh. So I’ve made another for this winter…hopefully it won’t get lost!
It was an awesome weekend! Everything went perfectly (or purrfectly?) and Missy looks great in her lion snood! Already planning a photoshoot for her!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.5901
Retrieved Text: Dr. Martens was founded in 1947, and the boots have been a teenage essential for decades. However, recently interest in these boots has spiked once again, as Gigi Hadid has been wearing hers 24/7 and buzzed-about brand Vetements has launched a collaboration with the footwear giant. But what is the best way to wear Dr. Martens in 2017? We rounded up five of our favourite recent outfits showing how to style the clompy boots so they look better than ever.
While we will always love how Agyness Deyn styled hers circa 2006, it's now about wearing them with cropped jeans, puffer jackets and vinyl rather than tutu skirts and short shorts. They look best when paired with cropped black cigarette trousers or a pair of ankle-grazing jeans with a statement kick-flare, such as the Zara jeans above.
We love how singer Laura Hayden wore her patent 8-eyelet boots on stage with a Rockins skinny scarf and high-shine H&M vinyl trousers. Elsewhere, Elle UK Accessories Editor Donna Wallace used her white pair with a denim pinafore dress and sporty ankle socks.
Scroll through the gallery below to see five of our favourite ways to wear Dr. Martens boots.
Style Notes: For a rock 'n' roll look, pair patent Dr. Martens with high-shine vinyl trousers and a skinny Rockins scarf like Hayden did.
Style Notes: Gigi is a big fan of Dr. Martens, but this is our favourite of her DM looks to date. She paired her cherry-red boots with a pair of cropped black trousers to show off the entire boot, and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.382385
Retrieved Text: New World Record koi auction price set at today’s Dainichi Koi Farm Auction 2013. At an incredible price of 21,500,000 Yen, it was a beautiful nisai Dainichi Showa, an offspring of Dainichi Female Parent Koi (Oyagoi), “Gachako”. The last world record auction price koi was only set recently by a Sakai Taisho Sanke at the Sakai Fish Farm Koi Auction 2013 for a price of 21,000,000 Yen.
Please enjoy the following pics taken by and courtesy of Mark Gardner.
Marugen Koi Farm wishes to congratulate Dainichi Koi Farm on its extremely successful & bountiful fruits on its recent Dainichi Koi Auction 2013, as well as the new owner, Ryuki Narita from Narita Koi Farm on his new World Record Price Breaking Auction Koi – a beautiful Danichi Showa!
Every koi hobbyists are now looking at the upcoming Dainichi Koi Auction 2013 (dated 07 Oct 2013), to see if Dainichi will claim the Most Expensive Auction Koi, only recently set by Sakai Fish Farm Auction 2013, for a beautiful Sakai Nisai Sanke, for an astronomical price of 21,000,000 Japanese Yen (equivalent to about Singapore Dollars $270,000 or Malaysian Ringgit RM685,000). Click here to see the Most Expensive Auction Koi Fish.
Here at Marugen Koi Farm, we decided to join in the fun by picking a few of our favourite Dainichi Kois, that will be undergoing the auction hammer tomorrow. So here goes!
This Yonsai (4 years of age) Dainichi showa is a size 68cm beauty. She has a lovely head pattern; thick black sumi striking through a patch of blood red Beni

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.12477
Retrieved Text: Clothing/Jewelry Description A white t-shirt, shorts, a black and white head scarf and possibly black and pink Fila sneakers.
Medical Conditions Anderson was two and a half months pregnant at the time of her disappearance. She has been prescribed medication for unspecified reasons and does not have it with her.
Distinguishing Characteristics African-American female. Black hair, brown eyes. Anderson's ears are pierced. She has an athletic build. She has scars on her right wrist, her leg and her calf, and tattoos on her right knee and calf.
Anderson was last seen between 10:30 and 11:00 p.m. on January 24, 2006 at her residence in the vicinity of the 400 block of Albert Lewis Way in Mansfield, Louisiana. She got a telephone call from an unknown individual and left shortly afterwards.
At 1:30 a.m. the next day, she text-messaged a friend and said she was coming over to their residence at a housing project one and a half miles away. She never arrived and has never been heard from again.
Anderson's family doubts she would have attempted to walk the whole distance to her friend's home; it was a cool night and she was feeling ill, possibly as a result of her pregnancy. Her loved ones stated she often accepted rides from people and may have done so on the night of her disappearance.
Her family does not believe she left of her own accord. She has left her home before, but always kept her family informed of her whereabouts. Anderson left behind her purse, jacket and other clothing, billfold, medicine and identification;

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.995483
Retrieved Text: As fashion week ends and a new cycle of styles begin, how does one mange her wardrobe with the latest and greatest? Living in large city with limited closet space, there is barely room for an eclectic and accessible wardrobe, therefore I go back in time concentrating on a staple wardrobe piece which every female should have. I am reminded of the 1961 film Breakfast at Tiffany's. The film features the timeless actress Audrey Hepburn who popularizes the classic little black dress designed by Hubert de Givenchy. This look inspires me to bring out my collection of 'Little Black Dresses' this season. The film, based off the novel written by Truman Capote, displays how one can always be fabulous with staple wardrobe pieces.
Black clothing, originally reserved for mourning, was eventually transformed into a versatile, affordable and accessible everyday look for women of all social classes. Coco Chanel, a lover of black clothing, began designing stylish staple dresses for daytime and evening use in the 1920s. The little black dress continued to be popular throughout the Great Depression because of its adaptability for different occasions. Due to the poor economy women decided to adapt the little black dress permanently to their wardrobes to maintain a classic and elegant look.
Most women consider their little black dresses to be lucky stamina which gives confidence. The best part is the potential that one dress can have by mixing an array of accessories to dress up or downplay the look. Pairing the dress with pearl earrings, costume jewelry, a silk scarf

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.76214
Retrieved Text: For Adoption - Placing Misplaced Pets, Inc.
is a nonprofit organization based in Pasco County, Florida.
Please visit our adoption application page to get the adoption process started. Thank you for your interest!
Character: Scooby is a male Dachshund. He is a dapple with a wonderful ticked smooth soft coat. He is up-to-date on all vaccines and is heartworm negative. He will be neutered prior to adoption. He loves cats and walks well on a leash. He is somewhat skittish, but working on him feeling more comfortable. He is looking for his forever home!
Character: Azalea is a beautiful young female rescued from Hillsborough County Animal Services. She is between 1 to 2 years young. She is already spayed and is up-to-date on her vaccines, she is even micro chipped! She is very shy with all that she had been through, but we are helping her to trust people again. She is ready for her forever home - is it yours?
Character: Prince was rescued from Hillsborough County Animal Services. He is a young, playful male. He is current on his vaccinations, already neutered and is even micro-chipped. Is there room in your castle for this regal feline? He would love to rule your court.
Character: Nadaya is a young female, with a gorgeous silky black coat. She is already spayed, has had all her vaccines, and is all ready for her forever home. She was shy at first but now likes attention, petting her back and head, but not belly rubs!
Character: Chez is an adult neutered male with gorgeous green eyes.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.750736
Retrieved Text: Megan has good fleece is a rich chocolate brown in colour - dense with considerable crimp. Of note is the colouring of her head and muzzle which are tinged with black, shading into black ears. She also has black "socks". She gets along well with our other females and she is very gentle with people.
Megan was shown only once at the 2007 Alpaca Ontario Show where she placed in the middle of a very large colour class.
In 2008, she was bred to HA Desert Commander and produced an excellent male cria - EAF Mordecai.
In 2012, she was bred to SSA Sunset Riley and produced another male cria - EAF Megatron.
In 2013, she was bred to Victory's Aaron resulting is a healthy female cria - EAF Victory's Felicity.
Megan had difficulty with her last cria delivery (prolapsed uterus) and should no longer be bred, nonetheless she is an excellent animal and would make an excellent companion and "lawnmower"!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.71269
Retrieved Text: A women a bit on the thinner side, Lucy looks even skinnier than she is due to her height. Standing at five feet eight inches tall. Her limbs are long and elegant giving her a graceful appearance as she moves. Her skin has a lovely tone to it being that isn’t isn’t some ghostly pale thing. No she has a warm tone to her skin naturally, and sports a fair tan that shows she does indeed get sunlight. She looks rather healthy other than being pretty thin. Her eyes are warm brown and have a lively spirit within them. Though she isn’t completely the run of the mill human. Not by a long shot as she has short pink hair, with black tips at the bottom, and white tips on her bangs. Though that isn’t even the most interesting part about her. Her ears are rounded and pink on the backside, with black tips. Her right ear even has a small white heart. The inside of her ears are white. Some have mistaken her ears for mouse ears, but in fact they are just slightly big Jaguar ears. She also has not one, but two fluffy pink tails. The undersides of the tails are white, and on the top side by the ends she has a small white heart of both tail. Coming out of her shoulders she has a pair of small white wings. They were much bigger at one point, but after being cut countless times the feathers have stopped re-growing. She is normally

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.70778
Retrieved Text: Sire: Kiwehawk SBT Dam: Nefertelli Azua of Provenmountain F1 Brie is a large brown spotted tabby, very typie F2 female. She has very large black spots, large whisker pads and chin, thick tail, and beautiful long head and body. Her grand sire is the rare Kingofasia of Nefertelli ALC. Brie is the most loving, sweetest, laid-back F2 we have ever seen. She just wants to be in your lap and loved all day long. I will put her up against any SBT. We want to thank Karen Shaw of Askari, Ruth Todice of Uniquely, and Nancy Robichaud of Provenmountain. All three have had a part in this beautiful, loving female.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.66497
Retrieved Text: The girl had long white hair that matched the snow. She was not old; she looked like she was in her teens. Her unforgetful blue eyes searched the ground as snowflakes swirled around her. A pack of wolves followed her bare feet sinking in the pearly white floor that coated the ground and the trees. She was quiet, her steps as light as a feather.
The girl spotted a red scarf ripped in half on the ground. She suppressed a gasp and ran up to the torn scarf. She gently picked it up and brushed off the white powder, recognizing it immediately. "No, no, no..." she murmured under her breath and spotted shoe prints in the snow. The pack of wolves sniffed it. They growled and the girl told them to be quiet. "Do not worry, my pack. He is around," she promised and tightened her grip on the scarf.
She turned around and faced the shoe prints. She ran gracefully, following the path. As she ran, her skin turned whiter, her eyes sharpening and taking a more wolf-like appearance. Her long white hair shortened and appeared all over her body.
And the girl became a snow white wolf with the same stunning blue eyes.
They trotted along the boot prints, the white wolf in the lead with the ripped red scarf in between her teeth.
The path led to a cliff overlooking the freezing sea.
A boy stood there, clutching the other part of the red scarf. He turned around. He had jet-black hair with the nicest shade of green swirling

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A helicopter flies in some people who then start playing paintball. they... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: run around obstacles and have a great time.

Ending 2: lose their shirt during the fight and run back the others.

Ending 3: shoot at each other while the helicopter drone who am looking on.

Ending 4: chase a bird in the sky while others walk around.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.746527
Retrieved Text: Kids Spring Break Ideas in Denver and Phoenix - Paintball!
The sun is out and birds are chirping which means it is time to say hello to spring break! If you are a student that wants to do something awesome or a parent that needs to get the kids out of the house, American Paintball Coliseum is the place to go. We are open every day, seven days a week, for all players who want to get some shooting time in with their friends playing paintball, airsoft, laser tag or virtual reality. Parents, just drop them off or work from our lounge to keep the kids occupied and engaged for hours!
In the spirit of spring break, we have put together the top 3 reasons why playing paintball for spring break is the best thing you can do with your friends this year. It is time to get the crew together and make memories that will last a lifetime!
Need Spring Break Ideas For the Kids? American Paintball Coliseum Has You Covered.
Nothing beats the fun memories you make out on the paintball field with your friends! Every game you play is different and unique meaning that you and your team have to work together to win! Duck and dodge behind boats, planes, cars, walls, and even more on our fields. Your adrenaline is pumping the whole time and what happens on the field makes great conversation off the field! Whether it’s the countdown to start or the last player getting shot, each game is packed with intense moments that

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.678665
Retrieved Text: My name is Douglas Lamont and I’m a senior at The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. I am the Secretary and Social Media manager of The OSU Paintball Team. These are some of my thoughts on college paintball from a student athlete’s perspective.
In general, college paintball teams are full of like-minded people who just love the game. Paintball doesn’t get the recognition of football or the funding of baseball, but it does get to stand out as a very unique sport since so few people realize that a competitive side exists. If I wear my jersey on campus before a tournament, people ask me, “What sport is that for? Is that moto cross?” When I tell them it’s for paintball, the answer is always the same. “Oh… I didn’t know we had a paintball team!” In its own way, that can be satisfying. You’re the first influence of this sport on a new person and you have an opportunity to show them how cool it really is. It’s a great responsibility that simultaneously makes you feel special among a sea of other students.
College paintball teams are small. At most, there might be 20 members on a roster. But that doesn’t mean all 20 show up to practice every Sunday, and this is due in part to cost. But I think it goes further than that. The players that show up consistently each weekend, diligently working on fundamentals and tenaciously attempting drills…those are the ones who become the team. They are the ones who build close

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.084064
Retrieved Text: If you’re thinking about kids birthday parties, then two ideas usually spring to mind. Firstly, taking them to Laser Quest, where they can play laser tag to their hearts content. And for older kids, one of the first ideas you might think about is paintballing, which gives kids the opportunity to get messy.
Whilst airsoft has been around since the 70s, laser tag became one of the biggest fads of the 80s and 90s, with kids everywhere scrambling to play. Both of these are extremely fun to play, and are suitable for most ages. Though is one more suitable than the other for younger kids? And which one is more fun overall? Well, it’s hard to say.
The argument about which one of these is better is really difficult. They’re both great fun playing them, and they both have advantages and disadvantages to them too.
Whilst playing laser tag is really fun for kids, as you get older, it can get a little boring. You’re enclosed in a smallish space when playing laser tag at an actual venue, which is why you might want to consider getting your own laser tag set to play with yourself. And whilst Paintball is awesome too, there are some things that you might not like about it. So, lets take a look at the pros and cons of both paintball and laser tag.
Of course, with paintball you’re going to get the massive benefit of actually being 100% sure that you’ve hit your opponent. Depending on the type of laser tag you’re playing, hits

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.974682
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Speak your Brains' started by matt gordon, Feb 21, 2015.
would you ever consider playing Airsoft too?
Nope, never! Paintball till I die!!!!
I've only just come back to tournament paintball last after a 15 year hiatus and in that time I got Into airsoft through my old team captain . It is a more relaxed day out or night out and some of the best days play I've had was at night in an old laboratory on a Wed evening CQB . There are people that take it very seriously with uniforms and such but it's still a great day out with mates .
Paintball I find is more competitive the rush of 30 seconds points is like no other but the body is weak and I will end up airsofting more when my body can't keep up with mind .
i have been paint balling a couple times and i have seen videos of air soft but i have no idea why but i have always been more interested in paintball.
Could this ever happen, paintball vs airsoft tournament? Could be fun!
Not bad for a team who had never played airsoft before. I said I'd never do it again because of the amount of cheating that went on. But I've just been asked to do another airsoft tournament in September, slightly different format as it's team against team this time. I'm gonna go do it and win this time then retire from airsoft forever on a winning note.
Richard (Boots) and STONESOLDIER like this.
what was the objective of your

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.90405
Retrieved Text: Since its inception, paintball has remarkably developed into a global spectacle. Nearly 9.6 million players have participated in the game since 2004.
Its popularity continues to proliferate thereby making it the third place overall “Most Popular Extreme Sport in the World” list. This is based on the statistical reports of the Sporting Goods Manufacturers Association International in 2005.
Along with its growing popularity are the various tactics that every player must learn in order to win the game. This is so important because, by nature, paintball is a conglomeration of strategy, techniques, skills, and ability to stimulate the mind to think fast and accurate.
In spite of the many tactics that the experts create in order to help players win the game, the sneak attack approach remains the most reliable method in obtaining victory over the opponents. This is because the object of the “sneak attack tactic” is to hit the opponent furtively and sneakily.
With this kind of tactic, your basic goal is to hit the other player without letting him know that you are even in the area. Once you have spotted your opponent, do not immediately shoot; try to relax a little and aim with your best shot.
Do not move. Movement can only imply presence. Do you not spot your opponent because of his movements? If you do the same, chances are, he will be able to see you as well.
In case you have seen your opponent but the distance between you and your opponent is great, then, it is best to stay calm and quiet.
The idea

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.741968
Retrieved Text: I still remember the first time that I went to play paintball. For some, playing with the paintball guns was just too much and they went kind of nutty. I especially liked the paintball grenades. Now, it looks like paintballers will have another option: the paintball robot.
This robot is radio-controlled and it will get stair-climbing wheels or tracks and a rotating turret. Now that will be a nice surprise for your friends the next time you play.
Chris also wants his creation to be able to move the barrel up and down, giving it the ability to actually fire on people, not other robots.
The project is currently behind funded via Kickstarter, so if you want one, give bulder iChris Rogers some dough and when the project is funded, then you can get one for yourself. There are various tiers of contribution, with a donation of $2100 (USD) or more resulting in you getting your very own paintball robot kit and assembly plans.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.705177
Retrieved Text: 2014 overall was a fantastic year for Victorian Paintball. We had the Newborough based side H20 (Hard to Overcome) dominate for the first 4 out of 5 rounds before being pipped in round 5. While they still walked away with the Div1 title for the year it certainly sets the scene for 2015.
With round 1 scheduled for 22nd February at Snipers Den Paintball Melbourne, the stage is set for a fantastic start to the season.
In Div1, H20 will remain the team to beat but there is likely to be more competition for them this year.
Hustle had some great rounds in 2014 and will likely improve after some time playing with the new list. Apparition was the only team to win a round from H20 and it will be interesting to see if they can do the same in 2015. Also worth a mention is the Raiders who stepped up from Div 2 to Div 1 mid season and performed very well considering a step up. With more time under the belt now in Div1 they are likely to continue to learn and adapt. They are certainly one of the most aggressive teams at the moment which makes them great to watch.
On November 30 the local Victorian and Melbourne Paintball teams were lucky enough to participate in a clinic run by arguably the best front position paintball players in the world. The level of improvement of the paintballers who participated in the clinic was extraordinary. This is sure to lead to a massive lift in the quality

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.419903
Retrieved Text: Rapidly growing in popularity, paintball is played in at least 70 countries outside of the United States, and there are numerous playing fields (both indoor and outdoor) open year around. For the tournament player, there are several tournaments every weekend during the prime (summer) playing season, with worldwide paintball organizations and affiliations sponsoring prizes ranging from trophies to equipment and cash in value from $80 to $100,000.
WHO IS THE “TYPICAL” PAINTBALL PLAYER?
People, from all walks of life, play paintball. As paintball involves roles suitable for every type of person, ages vary from young children to elder adults. Children and adults, young and old, male or female can be seen together on the field at any given time. Even some persons with physical disabilities play.
Most people already participate in a sport that is less “safe” than paintball, like football, basketball or even fishing. Industry safety standards like paintball masks, barrel plugs, and limits on paintball gun velocities help prevent injuries. The fact is that less than 1 person out of every 4,000 who play paintball will end up having to go to the doctor for a paintball-related injury. This includes things like ankle sprains or scratches from falling in the woods, not just injuries directly related to paintball pellets. On the other hand, 1 in 33 people who play football will end up visiting the hospital each year. If the rules of paintball (which are covered in the safety briefing) are followed there are no injuries.
The shell of a paintball is made of gelatin, and the filling

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.378746
Retrieved Text: You are ready to hit the paintball field so you have gone out and purchased the perfect paintball marker. You’re very eager to get started but you are still missing a vital part of the sport. One of the most important paintball accessories has to be a paintball tank. Without a good tank, you’re playing time will really be limited.
This means you will need to get yourself a paintball tank that fits your needs. If you are new to the sport of paintball, choosing a tank can be a hard decision. That is why we have put together a comprehensive buyer’s guide that will help you choose the perfect tank for your needs.
For those of you who are new to the sport, you might not know that there are two main types of paintball tanks. First, you have the CO2 paintball tank. This type of tank was widely used when the sport of paint ball was still in its infancy and is still the most widely used type of tank in the game.
The second type of tank that some paintball players use is compressed air. This type of tank is also referred to as high pressure air. High pressure air tanks are far less common and are normally used only by those who play competition styled paintball. Below you will find more information on each of these tanks.
As stated above, CO2 is the most common style of paintball tank. Getting these tanks refilled is easy and you will find CO2 just about anywhere you go. This

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.285557
Retrieved Text: Paintball is the newest hobby that you can have a craze on. Most people are playing this one, along with their friends or from the office and they are playing in teams. The goal of paintball varies from either capturing the flag, looking for a hidden object in the playing area, elimination, defending and attacking a certain place in the playing field, and more. Paintball can be played indoors or outdoors with natural or artificial terrains that can serve as a cover for you in case that someone will attempt to shoot you.
Just like any other hobby or sport, playing paintball also need some safety measures. The game itself is very tiring since you have to protect yourself from being shot by a gelatin ball wherein there will be the splash of paint that you will have on your gear. Since this is a shooting game, more often than not, your opponents may shoot you in different parts of your body, which includes the head.
Thus, one of the safety measures of playing paintball is by wearing a paintball helmet. Helmets are not only for the protection of your head from the blasting colors of the paintball, but it will also protect you from the possible strong impact that the gelatin ball may have when it bumps to your head.
There are many types of helmet that you can use in playing paintball. Good thing that there is the internet wherein you can search for the affordable and which suits your taste. One of the types of helmet

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.015327
Retrieved Text: Now they want to take away our fundamental right to cook duck heads in convenience-store microwave ovens.
...you read a tragic story like this.
Soon there will be pigs on patrol.
As I play the copter game for the umpteen millionth time (I can stop whenever I want!), I came up with a question. What kind of idiot knowingly flies a helicopter into a cave time and time again, knowing that there’s no way out and that he will crash and burn every time? Then, I realized the answer was “me.” Maybe we need to start a support group, “CA,” for “Copters Anonymous.” In that vein, please keep me anonymous.
Here is an application that will enable you to make solid use of your cubicle time.
There is no scientific honor like a bobblehead honor.
You can now take your Florida driver's license test online.
Researchers achieve an important breakthrough in our knowledge of spider dating.
Key quote: "Hebets painted the legs of male spiders either brown or black with nail polish..."
If Michelangelo were alive today, this would probably kill him.
The world-famous Rock Bottom Remainders will be performing in Austin, Texas on Saturday, November 8. So if you love good music, you will not be there. But everybody else should try to make it.
My friend Gene Weingarten is a wonderfully funny columnist for the Washington Post, but he has one tragic flaw: He is a lifelong Yankees fan. Or so he appeared, until today, when he began his weekly chat with a sincere and heartfelt tribute to the Florida Marlins (you need read only

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.669622
Retrieved Text: Looking for info on paintball compressed air tanks vs CO2? The friendly and knowledgeable staff members at Air Assault Paintball can answer any questions you may have. Paintball is a sport that people can compete in either individually or in teams. The players eliminate opponents from the game by tagging them with paintballs. The sport of paintball has many benefits for those who play it. Teamwork is one of those benefits. Paintball encourages people to work together and communicate in order to win. Individuals come together in teams to develop plans and devise strategies to achieve a desirable result.
A few of the equipment used throughout paintball games includes masks, mitts, paintball guns and paintballs, amongst other things. Paintball compressed air tanks are often constructed of steel making the paintball gun just a little heavier than CO2, and paintball compressed air tanks are usually more costly than CO2. Paintball compressed air tanks also help to make paintball guns work more consistently in a variety of weather.
Other advantages of playing paintball include the introduction of problem fixing abilities and becoming exercise. Individual gamers may miss they benefits, but problem fixing and workout can take part in the person paintball experience. Individuals interested playing paintball can try calling a paintball place to reserve a place.
The guidelines of paintball can differ from game to game, truly the item of the overall game would be to achieve an objective without having to be labeled having a paintball. Frequently occasions, the aim would be to capture a flag. Advanced reservations so please

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.588049
Retrieved Text: When it comes to getting outdoors with your friends and family to have a good time, many people chose to play “war” with paintball guns or airsoft guns.
Both are equally as fun, but they are vastly different from one another in several ways.
Both guns also hurt when your opponent is hit with either the paintball or the airsoft pellets.
While they both hurt, they are still great ways to have fun with your pals without sitting inside all day doing nothing.
If you are trying to decide which would be a better option for your afternoon or summertime fun, there are a few things you should note about both options. Here is more information for you.
What are Air Soft Guns?
Typical airsoft guns are made to resemble commonly used weapons. Often they are made from a plastic or a biodegradable resin that makes them lightweight and easy to carry around. They have a low muzzle energy as well, giving the pellets less penetrative powers.
Airsoft guns are a great way to have fun, and the toys are made to resemble actual guns that are used in various conditions.
Often, military weaponry is simulated for these toy guns. Since airsoft guns are made of plastic, they cannot be changed into actual guns.
Airsoft guns shoot something called airsoft pellets, which are the required ammo.
Though they come in different sizes, you should check for caliber sizes on your pellets before purchasing them for your gun.
Commonly called a paintball marker, a paintball gun is similar to an airsoft gun, though the mechanics are a bit

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.408928
Retrieved Text: 6 players including the Hero.
Tippmann semi auto paintball gun.
JT full facemask and fog resistant goggles.
Pressured air cylinder (unlimited refills).
An awesome camouflage jacket to use during the session.
An upgrade to a Tippmann super semi-auto paintball gun.
The Birthday Hero package is the perfect choice for your son or daughter’s special day. The minute you arrive you will be greeted by our courteous field team who will promptly get the birthday group out playing and having a blast.
Each group gets a professional safety speech before the games begin and our equipment pressure is lowered so the games are huge on fun and low on “ouch”.
We also include a covered area for the birthday group to use for cake and presents after the games are over.
In order to confirm a Birthday Hero reservation a minimum prepayment of 190 dollars is required. This may be made over the phone via credit card or cash or debit in person at the paintball field.
Long sleeve shirt or hoodie and long pants.
Good foot wear as they will be running around in the woods.
A toque or a baseball hat for some extra head protection.
“Okay from start to finish this was an awesome experience! Sean the proprietor is a friendly and helpful guy (especially tips on deep woods off ), who knows his paintball culture. My son and his friends who are 8 to 12 LOVED his paintball birthday party! They were all chattering on the way home on how they were all planning their parties there and saving all weekly allowances to go back and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.29649
Retrieved Text: 1. C02 works better in warmer weather. A siphon tank will make your gun work better in cold weather. But won't help you in warm weather.
2. If you are a novice start with lower priced or used equipment.
3. Do not linger and hide in an open area for a long time.
4. Wear paintball clothes that cover arms, legs, ankle, and neck.
5. Do not shoot from a distant area. You will simply show where your position is. Get closer to your opponent and then shoot.
6. Don't shoot your paintballs randomly. Use them wisely.
7. A good position is gold.
8. Be patient and quiet.
9. Be sure you know where your allies are.
10. Get a good idea as to where your enemies are.
1. Never get "pinched." In other words, don't let the enemy shoot at you from either side.
2. Try to sneak up on your opponent from behind.
3. Don't shoot unless you have cover immediately at your disposal.
4. Communication with your team will create efficient plans of attack.
5. Try outnumbering the enemy and overwhelm them.
If you want to become a good paintball player and have fun learning, I recommend this DVD. Also, read these intermediate paintball strategies. Some players may even consider them to be basic too, but I've played with players who have been playing for 10 years and still don't even know all the basics.
If you want to keep up to date on good new and even old paintball gear and paintball basics.
sign up for our free newsletter: Paintball Success Tips.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.22557
Retrieved Text: Paintball games are an exciting and fun hobby for many people. If you would like to get started, you might be looking for the best fields to play paintball. Action Packed Paintball as a friendly and knowledgeable staff who knows just what many players are looking to experience. We have set up extensive areas for hosting tournament play, which is appealing to teams. If you haven’t tried this set up before or you do not have a large group to play with, you may want to think about whether you can join as a walk-on instead.
Some people will be glad to know that they can make reservations at nearly all times during the year. If you are unable to play at our outdoor fields, we have an indoor field in Minneapolis as well. There are quite a few different players who enjoy playing paintball during the summer months. Make sure that your team books ahead, since some of these slots may get filled up quickly. This is especially true if you have a large group. The friendly staff here can help you book the right paintball games that will be fun and exciting for everyone that is involved.
There are a number of advantages to booking with Action Packed Paintball Games. Our staff is helpful and accommodating for any event that you want to host here. You can even get paintball refills or get a CO2 canister recharged while you are here. Everything you need to play is available for rent. Our customers appreciate our extensive courses

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.173906
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wondered where paintball came from? Now that it’s a recognized sport and tens of thousands of people are playing, we thought we’d take a quick look at where paintball came from.
Paintball guns started out as a tool, not as a piece of game equipment. They were invented by the Daisy Outdoor Products, the same company that you probably know from BB guns.
Farmers would use it to tag and identify cattle that might be too difficult to approach. Forestry officials would use it as a means of tagging trees that needed to be marked for later removal; why trudge up a hill to mark a tree when you could mark it from 20 yards away?
And Then It Was Primarily A Game!
The first game of paintball was in June 1981. Twelve players competed in a capture the flag game using Nel-spot 007 single shot pistols.
As paintball became more popular, the need for specialized equipment became apparent. Pursuit Marketing was one of the first to get involved. Instead of retrofitting the marking guns from the 1970s there were now guns manufactured solely for play. Take a look at this ad for the first paintball rifle!
The first paintball tournament was held in 1983. At this time it wasn’t yet called paintball, but instead was marketed as National Survival Game.
Over the decades paintball takes roots in dozens of countries. Rules can change depending the country, including age limits and who can own paintball guns.
Ignoring the warnings that the world would end in December, 2012 (remember all that nonsense?),

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.984486
Retrieved Text: Paintball Mania is situated on Malaiti Road just off Leopards Hill Road. The site has two gaming areas. The first is the main paintball gaming area, which is about 800m2. This is filled with different obstacles such as tires, walls, water tanks, trees, trailers and many more. The second is a targeting range open to all ages in which players can take turns seeing who gets the closest to the bullseye.
Our equipment is fully serviced and cleaned regularly. With a set of 24 guns, Paintball Mania is fully equipped to run all sorts of games.The guns, powered by CO2, are controlled at a PSI of 230-240, the best amount of power for a fun and exciting game. Along with the guns, Paintball Mania has full safety gear consisting of masks, chest guards and overalls. Your safety and enjoyment during the game is our main priority.
Paintball Mania has a wide variety of paintball games. Our most popular game is Capture The Flag, this is were players are divided into 2 teams and the main goal is to seize the opposing teams flag whilst dodging bullets around you and eliminating the enemy. Paintball games vary from a simple Death match, where players are again divided into 2 different teams and it is then all out shooting, to Hitman in which the aim of the game is to eliminate one player on the field whilst watching your back for the player hunting you. More games are offered such as Free For All, were it is every man or women

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.951511
Retrieved Text: RC Helicopters: Why are they so popular today?
It is not cheap to get a pilots license. In fact, it takes a lot of financial planning in order to attend flying school. It requires endless hours, money, airtime, and resources just so you can be a licensed pilot. Not only does it require so much in each aspect, but also fuel costs for a real airplane or helicopter can be quite heavy on the pockets. Not everyone has sufficient time and money available to them. If you still want to get the feel of what it is like to fly a helicopter without having to go through flying school, the next best thing would be RC Helicopter flying. If you get an beginners RC helicopter, it will be affordable and most of all possible. You can now move forward and learn from there. Once people start flying, it is something that they get addicted to because of the different functions, parts, and kinds that a RC helicopter may have. Its intricacies engross them, making them purchase more of RC Helicopter Parts, upgrading their skill in flying and as a result, their expertise level in RC helicopters is even more harnessed. Flying Electric Helicopters is a fun and rewarding hobby. It is fun because you get to control the helicopter, although much smaller than a real one, still flies like one. You can make it move in the manner, you want and if you learn the functions and tricks, you will eventually do more things with it. It

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.946766
Retrieved Text: There are lots of paintball guns now available in the paintball shops. Most of the cheap guns are not as good as the higher priced paintball guns, a lot of them may perform extremely well at the battle ground but break when used a few times.
Below are great tips teaching you how to pick up paintball guns which will provide you with a lot more quality compared to what that you paid for.
Action is exactly what occur in the battle arena. There is 3 different types of paintball guns; these are pumpguns, openbolt /blow back semi automatic and the guns that includes electronic trigger frames or even the hybrid blow back guns. Each one of these paintball guns vary from each other.
Pick the sort of paintball guns that will suit your ways of shooting the other players and also on the length of time you are going to spend on your paintball marker in order to make it fire.
Air Supply is what powers the paintball gun. The right way to power a gun is by using carbon dioxide. Stay away from using 12 gram cartridges of carbon dioxide if you don’t know what you’re doing. Choose a paintball gun that utilizes a co2 bottle or tank. However there are a few paintball guns that won’t work well with carbon dioxide.
A paintball gun takes a large amount of abuse while in the battle field, select a more robust gun when possible. Go with a paintball gun which has a metal body and grip rather then plastic ones.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.933712
Retrieved Text: So you’ve got your paintball gun and you’re ready to hit the playing field? Well, there are a few more things that you are going to need before you can get started. Many people who are new to the sport of paintball do not realize that there is much more to the sport than simply purchasing a gun. Just as important as your paintball gun is the gear you will wear while on the battlefield. Not only will this gear make you look super cool, but it will also help protect you from injuries. Today, we have put together a comprehensive guide that will help you learn more about what to wear and how to choose the best gear for your money. So if you are new to the game, you just might want to take some notes.
The first piece of protective paintball gear that you should purchase is a mask. Paintball masks help protect your face and eyes from injury and they allow you to see better by blocking the harmful rays of the sun. There are several different types of masks to choose from so let’s take a look at what’s on the market. We really like the HK Army KLR Mask.
Goggles: This is the most basic type of face protection. Goggles help protect the eyes and they were the first type of personal protection gear brought into the sport. Goggles do a great job of keeping your eyes safe but do nothing to protect the rest of your face. This is why you

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.889145
Retrieved Text: We are New Jersey's Premier Outdoor Paintball Park. Located under 40 minutes from New York City.
We specialize in private parties and group outings such as birthday parties, bachelor parties, and Team building events as well as groups of "first timers". Our equipment and fields are well maintained and are constantly upgraded.
We now offer high end rental equipment such as the Planet Eclipse Etek 5 and Virtue Spire as well as low impact Gog Emny .50 caliber guns. We have a well stocked Pro shop and we match any online store prices.
We are open year round and are available weekdays for private groups by reservation. We are a Field Paint Only facility. Unfortunately you cannot bring paintballs from outside.
Ready to get on the field? Click the button below to make a reservation for your paintball day.
You must fill out our waiver for every player. Players who are under the age of 18 must have a waiver filled out by their parent or legal guardian.
Players with their own equipment get FREE entry and all day air!
All reservations require a non refundable deposit.
If any players in the group are age 8 or 9, low impact guns are mandatory.
All young paintball players ages 8-18 can participate in our paintball birthday parties!
Paintball is one of the safest outdoor activities you can allow your kids to play and here at Long Live Paintball in Monroe Township, NJ, safety is our #1 concern.
We offer a great package for our young guns. If you think playing ‘Call Of Duty’ or ‘Battlefield’ is fun, have

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.853285
Retrieved Text: There are many fun activities that people undergo in order to relax. According to recent statistics it seems that more and more men and women love to play paintball. It is understandable; who doesn’t want to shoot someone else with a colourful paint ball? With the proper gear, you will be able to have fun just like the pros. The growing interest for high quality paintball vests is not surprising. Well, we decided to help you find the most efficient vest and thus get in the arena well-prepared for fun moments. So, after analysing over 35 vest models and 2 weeks of study, we managed to draft the best paintball vest reviews for you to consult.
Finding a top paintball vest in 2019 requires patience and attention to details. If you want to use a special vest that can keep you connected to the game, choose without reservations UTG Tactical Vest. This vest has a military style with 4 deluxe adjustable rifle mag pouches which can be accessed fast. In addition to the solid construction, the vest comes with 2 large internal zippered map and document pouches. These areas come in handy when you’re looking for a new route or trajectory. Now, it also has a heavy duty back loop system which can be used to carry additional tools.
More and more people want to get their hands on a high quality paintball vest. Why? Well, such vests are practical and useful in the arena. You can opt for the best paintball vest in 2019 from BT Paintball,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.780685
Retrieved Text: Having a good paintball gun is the most important part of Speedball.
No matter how quick you are on the field, If you don’t have a great marker you’ll be an easy target..
Are you looking for a new Paintball Gun?
Good. Now I’ll show you the best ones on the market of 2016.
Are you new to the game of paintball? If so, you probably have a lot of questions about the sport.One area of the sport that often confuses people are the paintball guns themselves. This is because there are just so many different types of paintball guns on the market. That’s why today we are going to take an in-depth look at paintball markers and review several that we feel are the best in the industry.
Choosing the right paintball marker for your needs doesn’t have to be a difficult task. Sure there are hundreds of models to choose from but if you know what you are looking for then you won’t have any problems finding the perfect gun. Below are some things you will want to consider when purchasing a paintball gun. Follow these helpful tips and you will find shopping for a new paintball gun a pleasurable experience.
Dont miss the Best Airsoft Gun Guide!
The DYE Proto Rize paintball marker is a remarkable gun for the price. It comes with a patented Rize Fusion bolt that will push out paintballs at lighting speed! The Proto Rize is also a very accurate gun that fires really quiet giving you a huge tactical advantage on the battlefield. This paintball

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.75476
Retrieved Text: APC is the Best Place for a Phoenix Team Building Corporate Event!
Are you looking to hold an event for the office that will have them talking about for months while still being constructive and improving team building skills? American Paintball Coliseum features a great facility in the heart of Phoenix, Arizona to get everyone out playing paintball, airsoft, or laser tag! Playing any of the activities offered at American Paintball Coliseum are guaranteed to provide unique team building activities and dynamic experiences.
Why Choose Paintball, Airsoft or Laser Tag for a Team Building Exercise?
All of these activities are team sports that require good communication between team members. If communication is weak amongst one team, the competition will help a team work through communication issues and may end up taking the victory.
Players need work together in order to achieve a goal or win the game and those that do not work as a team are quickly covered in paint and they must find a way to improve their strategy!
When people are brought together outside of their typical setting it encourages them to think outside of the box and utilize more creative problem solving.
Many times there is a disconnect between leadership and the rest of the staff. When doing a team building exercise it brings people together and reduces this disconnect. Everyone is at an even level on the field which often helps to boost company moral.
The physical activity of extreme indoor sports releases tension that can be built up during the average day. Returning to work with a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.71207
Retrieved Text: Paintball, or skirmish as it’s also known, is one of the fastest growing sports in Australia and is played by people of all fitness levels and sporting ability. All Delta Force paintball centres are outdoors and have revolutionised the Australian paintball industry due to our amazing movie-set game zones and impeccable safety standards.
The most recent Delta Force paintball centre to open is in Appin, located only 30 minutes from Sydney CBD. This centre has taken the paintball world by storm and has all left all other competitors in our wake.
One of our most enthusiastic staff members is Chris, who has worked at Appin since its grand opening back in June. Chris has loved working for Delta Force and gets all players into the theme of things with his motivational speeches and encouraging talks.
Chris is just one of our highly trained staff members that you’ll get to meet on your action-packed paintball adventure at Delta Force Appin. He’ll be on hand to help with all of your paintball enquiries, and he might even offer some advice on how to be victorious on your next game zone.
Whether you are playing at Appin or another one of our other incredible paintball centres around Australia, feel free to ask the paintball marshals for tips on the best way to play the zone. They love what they do and will get a huge thrill out of seeing you advance on the enemy and defeat them using their tactics. Our marshals have seen these games played out hundreds of times before them

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.627138
Retrieved Text: Seeking fun things to do like Paintball in the Twin Cities? There are many fun ideas that can be found for friends to do. What paintball offers are not only great for a few people, but can be a great adventure for large groups also. Everyone can join in for some action-fueled fun.
Walk-ins are also okay for anyone as well. There are usually other players who may be in the same boat so it makes it really easy to find enough for paintball Twin Cities offers to everyone.
In terms of choosing gear, it really is simple enough. You could bring your personal things like safety vests, eye wear, color guns, along with a package for repairing your paint firearm when necessary. Utilizing regulation color can be a requirement and is presented on properties. You also have the choice of either renting or buying your gear on site at the same time. It is then easy for first timers looking to get in about the action.
Playing in large groups makes it more fun, but people who play in groups also have the advantage of receiving big discounts towards their game time. By having the lower rates, it allows for everyone to have a good time with what paintball Twin Cities has to offer you. To go right along with the group play, it is also a good idea to consider season passes if you happen to love this game a lot. Year passes are simply one more good way to benefit from the activity and acquire a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.603643
Retrieved Text: How to Shoot a Paintball Gun?
Thinking that all you need to do during a paintball game is point your gun and pull the trigger is a mistake. It’s much more than that. You should know where to stand at any instant, how to hold your marker, the best way to aim, and when to shoot.
One of the things that make a good paintballer is the ability to hit your target accurately. Aside from making you feel powerful, it can be helpful to your team. Moreover, it allows you to use fewer paintballs, meaning you’re able to save money. Here are some tips to becoming a sharpshooter.
1 How to Shoot a Paintball Gun?
It’s worth to mention that safety is very crucial when it comes to paintball. Whenever you’re intending to practice shooting, ensure there’s adequate protection. If you’re going to fire live paintballs, make sure you get to the right environment to avoid hitting someone accidentally.
Another important thing that may affect your shooting capabilities is the weight of your equipment. Bulky pieces are a great disadvantage when you’re playing on the field. Weigh what you’re able to handle comfortably. When choosing equipment, consider the duration of the games you’re going to play.
Many standard paintball guns have hoppers that are attached above their bodies. If you’re using this type of marker, understand that the hopper feeds paintballs into the breach through gravity before you can shoot them through the barrel. You need to keep the gun in an upright position since trying to twist it at a great

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.505379
Retrieved Text: When playing a game of paintball, it's important that you leave your mark, so to speak. When we set out to determine which paintballs give you the best bang for your buck, we considered how straight each brand's balls fly and how reliably they shatter on impact. We also factored in caliber, cost, color, and biodegradability. Plus we included a couple of practice options, too. When users buy our independently chosen editorial picks, we may earn commissions to support our work. Skip to the best paintball on Amazon.
These JT SplatMasters are on the pricey side for a product designed to break apart when used properly, but they fly straight, almost always shatter on impact, and use a paint that is both bright and easily washable. Or, in other words, they are reliable paintballs.
To be clear, the GXG Reusable Rubber "paintballs" are not, in fact, paintballs at all, as they are spheres of rubber. But they are sized and weighted just like a standard .68-caliber paintball and are great for training and target practice, leaving no mess behind.
A box of Wrek Elite Premiums offers one thing most paintball brands don't: guaranteed colors. When you order their red/silver shell, yellow fill balls, you can count on getting spheres with a handsome two-toned exterior and bright yellow paint inside.
These JT GI Milsim paintballs are both higher-priced and higher-quality than most other options, guaranteed to break on low impact but to resist cracking while in the hopper or in the barrel. Both their shells and paint are 100% biodegradable.
These TradeMyGun

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.452879
Retrieved Text: Nobody is truly complete unless they have a hobby they are passionate about. Having a hobby will give you something to spend your time on, and something to enjoy when you have free time. If you are trying to find what hobby you can stick with, you should think about experimenting with radio controlled hobbies. You can build models of almost any vehicle, from boats to cars to planes to helicopters. Many hobbyists will get their start with helicopters. Helicopters are very complicated, but using the right kits you can get started without a problem. Once you fly your helicopter, you will feel that the entire experience was very rewarding. Flying the helicopter is a blast.
The most important part of flying a model helicopter is to be proficient in controlling it. You should understand exactly how to fly the helicopter, otherwise you run the risk of crashing it and ruining your entire investment, which is never good. Borrow a flight manual from someone who you know has a radio controlled helicopter. Take that chance to read through it and find out about all of the different terms, and the many knobs and levers that are required to maneuver the craft through the air. After you have read through it, take someone's helicopter out for a test flight to see if you have what it takes to control one of your own. If you crash it, be prepared to pay up!
After you have decided that you will be able to handle a helicopter, and that you even

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking. the mother... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is now putting lipstick on the boy's mouth and he tries to stop her but only gets a little bit stuck.

Ending 2: washes the boy while the child grabs shampoo.

Ending 3: shows some shaving cream on the boy who is scrubbing her brushes.

Ending 4: instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.7545
Retrieved Text: Mother gives newborn baby a bath in kitchen sink.
Boy with underwear on his head, kisses mom who's changing baby diaper.
Boy upset as mom comforts him.
Girl playing in a field near a barn.
Family playing with cars in a boy's bedroom.
Little girl hands mom dandelion.
Father reads son a story on a summer day in his bedroom.
Little girl letting dog inside the home.
Little boy feeding his father grapes.
Little boy plays pirates outside on his playground.
Family hangs out together in kitchen.
Little boy falls down, loses his shoe and cracker.
Little girl looks at her baby sibling like a doll.
Dad puts daughter's shoes on while smiling with her.
Father holds baby while his feet stick out from under his arm.
Family goes for a walk while dad snuggles son and walks dog.
Man and woman hold hands while driving.
Family plays with children outside on a summer day.
Mom holds daughter up into sun rays.
Little girl peeking up over kitchen table.
Mother protecting son from water.
Mom and daughter both lick marshmallow from fingers at family bonfire.
Little boy hits dad in nose with stick as he's getting him out of car seat.
Young boy kisses newborn sibling while mother snuggles both.
Mom cleans baby's face while son goes potty and complains.
Mother shows son how to make a grass whistle.
Mother holds son upside down while playing in the snow.
Dad squirts son with hose outside.
Little girl tries to reach table as mom stands over her.
Toddler talks to mother who is holding newborn.
Family has campfire as dog smiles at camera.
Young man places cool cloth on newborn baby brother's head.
Mom pulls hair out of toddler's

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.52513
Retrieved Text: This is a double page spread from Molly and Sean's wedding album, which was A4 in size and featured a photographic front cover. In this arrangement the images are spread our symmetrically with 4 images per page. The top left image on the first page shows a young girl chatting and laughing with her mother. The next image in, second from the left on the top row shows the grandmother of the bride talking with one of her close friends. The next image over shows a pair of groomsmen standing and chatting after the speeches were given. The image on the far right on the uppermost row shows the father of the bride standing to deliver his speech. I really like how the mother of the bride who is on the left of the image (therefore sat to the right of the father of the bride) is looking at him. These two had their own wedding years ago and the look of love is still real between them. On the second row, we can see two people enjoying themselves and being deep in discussion on the left-most image. The next image in shows a lady reacting to one of the speeches. The next two images both show reactions from people sitting on the top table to the speeches of the groom and the best man.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.973743
Retrieved Text: Mom and baby are swimming in the sea.
A cute little asian girl sitting at table and blowing candles on birthday cake while her family standing behind and sing a song to her In slow motion.
Mom and son walking in the park. First steps of little boy in summer park. Baby boy walking in the park with mom's support.
Mother and her cute little daughter in the nature.
Mother and daughter playing in park.
Happy family of three, with a baby, blue-eyed girl.
Family of four sit together near a windmill farm. Mom, dad and two kids enjoy sunny sunset countryside scenery. 4K.
Mom and daughter sit on the straw stack at sunset. Mother and her little daughter having good time in field outdoor. The concept of family and friendship.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.90165
Retrieved Text: Illustration of Herod's soldiers murdering baby boys as their mothers weep. One soldier wrenches a boy away from his mother as a young girl tries to stop him. Mothers cry over and hold their murdered babies. The city walls and stairways are visible in the background.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.82206
Retrieved Text: Portrait of happy family - baby boy sits in the park while parents watch him. Concept Family relaxation.
4k00:25Happy Mother and Little Daughter Playing at the Park Having Picnic Outdoors Sitting on the Green Grass. Young Pretty Brunette is Talking to a Cute Girl.
hd00:06The father raises the child in his arms and throws up.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.565647
Retrieved Text: #20146273 - Hippopotamus - Hippopotamus amphibius, facing the camera, isolated..
#37637555 - A couple with a different age and hight is facing or kissing..
#96595513 - Successful business woman facing backwards avatar character vector..
#82170512 - colorful microscopic shot of Trisodium citrate microcrystals..
#110733689 - Anteater zoo animal walking facing side. Extracted photo isolated..
#42870875 - Beautiful sporty fit yogini woman practices yoga asana adhomukha..
#85634829 - irritated beautiful spoiled boy with frowning freckles and a..
#70106229 - Living room interior in gray and brown colors features gray sofa..
#86814939 - Baby car seat vector icons, toddle car seat - safe child traveling..
#72105220 - Young attractive yogi woman practicing yoga, doing Downward facing..
#94271665 - Left Facing Foreclosure For Sale Real Estate Sign in Front of..
#94436380 - Side view portrait of a baby and mother playing together on the..
#72290749 - Unhappy Labrador puppy Lying and Looking down on white background,..
#64936523 - Side view of a happy couple dating and flirting in love looking..
#27154932 - Group Of Multi-Ethnic People Hands On Shoulders Facing Global..
#94801016 - Baby demanding attention of his mother sitting on a couch in..
#95514311 - Side view portrait of a happy mother raising her baby son outdoors..
#96011074 - Side view portrait of a mother helping his son to walk on the..
#83933493 - dark fantasy concept showing the boy with a torch facing smoke..
#72289373 - Close-up Portrait of sad Labrador retriever dog on isolated black..
#93048708 - Two happy friends having a casual conversation sitting on a couch..
#64944416 - Side view of a couple talking and looking each other affectionate..
#41683444 - Young white female executive standing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.32869
Retrieved Text: A 9-year-old Florida boy was warned by his school to stop writing love notes to his crush, or he&apos;ll face sexual harassment charges.
"He&apos;s 9," the boy&apos;s incredulous mother told ABC Action News. "What little kid doesn&apos;t write love notes?"
The warning came from school officials in Hillsborough County, Florida, the ABC affiliate reported, after classmates found out about the love notes and started teasing the boy about them, saying the boy wanted to see his crush naked.
When school officials caught wind of the situation, they called the lovestruck boy&apos;s mother.
"That&apos;s when the principal proceeded to tell me that it wasn&apos;t appropriate that he was writing the note and that if he writes another note, they are going to file sexual harassment charges on my 9-year-old," said the mom, whose name wasn&apos;t made public by the ABC affiliate to protect the identity of her son.
The content of the notes was typical kid-crush fare, the mom said, with the boy telling his crush "her eyes sparkle like diamonds." She said her son, a fourth-grader, doesn&apos;t understand why he&apos;s been reprimanded.
"My 9-year-old doesn&apos;t even know what sexual harassment means," the boy&apos;s mother said.
Officials at Hillsborough County Public Schools downplayed the incident, telling ABC Action News that they did not threaten to involve police, but admitted to warning the boy against further notes because they were "unwanted" by the girl.
If either child feels uncomfortable, or the school district wants the love letters to stop, the best thing to do is have the parents speak to their kids directly, said Valerie McClain,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.327293
Retrieved Text: A boy bored of reading while his mother is serving cookies to another child.
A banner of a boy reading a book.
The Greek Folding-Chair could be folded together, takes up less room and is conveniently transported.
An illustration of a girl reading a book laid upon a chair.
An illustration of a young girl sitting in a chair reading a book.
An illustration of a blind girl sitting in a chair reading braille.
A little girl sitting and reading a book of Mother Goose stories.
An illustration of a young girl sitting and reading.
A girl reading to her sick grandfather.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.186985
Retrieved Text: A couple had been married for many years, and their son was old enough to date. One day the boy brought a girl over to dinner. The mother was thrilled with her son's choice and couldn't wait for the wedding. However, the father was upset and, eventually, the boy asked, "Dad, why don't you seem happy with her? Mom likes her a lot."
The father explained, "No son, there's nothing wrong with the girl. It's just that I cheated on your mother a long time ago, and the girl you've been dating is my daughter by that woman."
So the boy dumped her and found himself another girl. Again, he brought her home to the mother's delight, but the father again told him that this girl was actually his half-sister. The boy lost his temper and told his mother what his father had said.
Furious, the mother shouted, "Don't listen to him, sweetheart! He isn't even your father!"
theesha r u sure???naanum pakelaya?? unda matta side eppadi irukkum???
akka??atha naanga orukka sindi pathiruvom a??

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.12923
Retrieved Text: "...she said she was gonna whoop your a**."
Blac Chyna got people talking after a video of her attempting to attack people with a stroller at Six Flags made the rounds. A young woman named Alexis spoke to TMZ after the clip went viral, claiming that her interaction with Chyna's young children caused the scene to erupt. However, she was actually fighting with Chyna's boyfriend, YBN Almighty Jay.
"I seen Blac Chyna's children, not knowing that these are her children because her nanny was pushing her children," the 18-year-old said. "So, when she walks the baby towards me, I'm thinking that this is a mother giving me permission to interact with her child...the lady smiled, she walked off, Blac Chyna followed behind her and she said 'don't touch the kid, bro.'"
The young woman said that she walked over to her friend's mother to talk about what was happening. It was then that a woman came up to her to tell her that the aspiring rapper was looking for her.
"'Oh my god, are you the girl that Blac Chyna was talking about?...she said she was gonna whoop your a**'" the woman said, according to Alexis.
"We're walking and a couple of minutes later, I see [Chyna] again...I addressed her as, 'excuse me, did you have a problem with me touching her child?...'yep I sure did, b***h I sure did...' and she took her things off."
"Her boyfriend hit me...like I was a boy," she continued. "And he hit on my sister, and we were fighting her boyfriend, we weren't fighting [Chyna]."
Chyna

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.11643
Retrieved Text: Young girl, a student, holding sign that says "Teach Us The Truth".
Young man, a high school student, gestures with hand while speaking from a podium, sign in foreground says "Jefferson County Students For Change".
Young man, a high school student, gestures with hand while speaking from a podium.
Young man, a high school student, speaking from a podium.
Young girl, a high school student, standing on stage speaking into microphone, holding a cellphone.
Young girl, a high school student, standing on stage speaking into microphone, holding a cellphone, wearing protest buttons.
Young man, a high school student, speaking from a podium, sign in foreground says "Jefferson County Students For Change".
Young woman, a high school student, standing on stage, speaking into microphone.
Young girl, a high school student, wearing long skirt, standing on stage, holding a paper and speaking into a microphone, in background, young man dressed all in black.
Man holding cellphone, speaking into microphone.
Man on stage, a teacher, speaking into a microphone.
Young man, a high school student, handing change back to woman who bought a t-shirt, in foreground, piles of t-shirts reading JeffCo Students, on a table.
Young man, a student wearing a t-shirt that reads "#JEFFCOSTANDUP, and lists names of schools, next to him a man and woman.
Retired teacher holding sign supporting students and colleagues, next to her woman and young girl, both in wheelchairs, in background other protesters with signs.
Crowd of adults and students, some sitting, some standing, applauding, some wearing t-shirts about students.
Two men and woman listening to speaker, next to them, woman sitting on ground holding sign that reads

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.116394
Retrieved Text: AN AUTISTIC teen victim of a savage assault at a Sydney shopping mall has a simple, but shocking, answer when asked why he was targeted by the thugs.
SHOCKING video has emerged of a young autistic boy being savagely bashed by a gang of youths at a busy Sydney mall.
The 15-year-old boy is seen on the video standing with his head down as he types a message on his mobile phone. One of the youths shoulders him and causes him to stumble, while others in the gang stand around and watch. And film the encounter.
Then — without warning — another of the group runs at the boy from behind and shoulder charges him with such force the boy is knocked over onto a seat, his head cracking against it, and his mobile goes flying out of his hand and crashes to the ground.
The footage was shown last night on A Current Affair and was shot at Westpoint shopping centre in Blacktown, in western Sydney.
Because of their ages neither the offenders or the victim can be identified.
The boy’s devastated mother told ACA her son could have been killed.
His mother said she was heartbroken to see the footage.
She said watching it left her in “complete despair”.
The video was given to the mother by a third party. She told A Current Affair she was speaking out to send a message to young thugs and their families.
She said she actually felt sorry for the kids.
One teenager has been charged with assault over the attack and will appear in court next month.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.80981
Retrieved Text: ‘The mother’ shifted uncomfortably and a low moan escaped her.
The conduit had opened and the boy was released from his silence.
A little perturbed, Michael decided to press the younger boy.
The boy nodded to the girl who was still snuggled in her mothers arms, a hand clasped around her head and over her ears as a form of protection.
The boy had obviously been paying attention to their conversations.
Laura stood on the brakes sharply and the car skidded a distance on the frozen surface.
“How do you know about Christopher and Peter?” she demanded.
The boy was not put off by the urgency in Laura’s voice but continued as if he was relating back a day at school.
Laura, who had known the dark places The Piper could take one, touched the boy’s hand.
Again the shock of him knowing sent a wave against her fragile barriers that guarded what was left of normality.
‘The mother’, the manic stare less unnerving than before, reached out her own hand and closed it upon Laura’s wrist. The white heat of the connection was not lost upon her and the image of her long lost sister flashed upon her mind.
“Christopher is in danger!” then the woman fell back to her previous state.
Rachel, the young girl started to move. Unhooking herself from her mother’s grip, she sat upright and smiled momentarily it was snatched from her face once more.
“He’s looking at us,” she said pointing to the leather who was staring into the car as if noting each of the faces in turn. It then moved towards

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.715794
Retrieved Text: A short trailer film encouraging parents to put their children to bed by Seven o'clock.
CU bedroom clock showing 6.45 pm.
Mother reads the rhyme of Wee Willie Winkie to her son, who sits on his bed holding his teddy bear.
CU of picture in story book as mother explains that although the sun may still be out in Summertime "children need sleep to grow".
MV of family with over tired children looking unhappy at bus stop.
MV of young girl refusing to eat when Mother proffers a spoon - she is in a mood because she is too tired.
MV of children in school classroom. One boy is eager to answer questions while one of his classmates is almost falling asleep at his desk.
CU of mother tucking son (and Teddy) up in bed and closing curtains.
CU of bedroom clock showing 7 pm.
Possibly connected with 49/50 - MD.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.600204
Retrieved Text: Just in time for Mother&apos;s Day, the Trans United Fund has released a video that features moms of transgender youth recounting how their children came out and talking about expressing support for their children.
The video also addresses the wave of anti-trans legislation sweeping the United States. To counter these laws, and perhaps change people&apos;s hearts when it comes to trans people, these moms have one suggestions: Meet my child.
In the video&apos;s first story, a mother tells the story of her transgender son, who approached her with the news that, though he was born a girl, he felt like a boy. "What does that mean?" the mother recalls thinking.
One Latina mother said that when her child came out as a transgender girl, she felt the most important thing to do was to tell her that she loved her no matter what.
The moms also discuss the recent wave of anti-trans bills — particularly anti-transgender bathroom bills — that are being introduced in legislatures around the U.S. The most notorious of these laws is North Carolina&apos;s HB2, which requires state residents to use the bathroom that matches the gender they were assigned at birth, rather than the gender they identity as. Activists, rock stars and even the Department of Justice have denounced the bill, which has led the number of calls to a North Carolina transgender crisis hotline to double.
One transgender young man wishes that politicians had more respect for trans people.
According to the video, 50 pieces of legislation targeting trans people have been introduced in 20 states. As

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.59843
Retrieved Text: Out of all the portraits on our trip the ones that stood out to me the most were the ones that had anything to do with a daughter and mother. I have a very close relationship with my mom and I couldn’t imagine my life without her. The three that stood out to me are these.
The first one is from the series with young girls in their room. This girl had sticky notes all over her room that her mom have her. She wrote a note to her daughter everyday. I save every note and card from my mom because I cherish everything she has to say to me. Her thoughts mean the most in my heart.
The second shows a mother and daughter standing near a mirror. The mother is looking at her daughter with admiration in her eyes. With no words spoken it shows just how the mother feels about her daughter.
The third shows a mother and daughter holding hands between a wall. This to me shows that no matter what may come between a mother and daughter your love will keep you together. My mom and I have gone through a lot over the years but with each obstacle we’ve become closer.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.371998
Retrieved Text: The boy drove back to the farm as fast as he could and told his grandfather what had happened. "Give me the truck," he begged. "I'll go to the city. He'll never find me there."
His grandfather gave him the truck, and the boy sped away. After he left, his grandfather went into town looking for Death. When he found him, he asked, "Why did you frighten my grandson that way? He is only sixteen. He is too young to die."
"I am sorry about that," said Death. "I did not mean to beckon to him. But I was surprised to see him here. You see, I have an appointment with him this afternoon - in the city."
Late one night, a biker was riding home along a dark country road. It was a Saturday night and it had just stopped raining. As he rounded a long curve, his headlight lit up a young woman standing at the side of the road. She was wearing a white dress and was all wet from the rain. He thought he knew what had happened: The girl had quarreled with her date and had chosen to walk home rather than stay with the guy. He skidded his Harley to a stop before the young woman could even raise her hand to thumb a ride.
He pulled up to her and killed the motor on the Panhead and looked her over carefully.
She slid onto the seat behind him and with a smile she said, "Would you take me home? I just live a mile

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.362175
Retrieved Text: The Hush Post: A 17-year-old minor girl committed suicide at a police station in west Delhi’s Tilak Nagar area on Sunday morning. The mishap took place hours after the girl’s family came to the police station to report she was missing along with a boy from their neighbourhood.
The police were questioning the girl’s and the boy’s parents when she suddenly locked herself in a police officer’s room and committed suicide.
DCP (West) Vijay Kumar said that the police received a call at 10.30 pm on Saturday regarding a scuffle between two families over their missing children.
“We were informed that the girl who was a minor and the boy, who was aged 21, disappeared together.
At about 2.30 in the morning, the girl came to the police station and said that she doesn’t want to live with her parents as she was slapped by her mother for talking to the boy. She gave this to us in writing,” Kumar said.
While the policemen were pacifying both families, the girl entered a police officer’s room and locked herself from inside. “The policemen broke open the door and found the girl hanging. A judicial inquiry has been ordered and further investigation is being conducted,” a police officer was quoted as saying.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.349136
Retrieved Text: On the roof of the last house in a little village was a stork's nest. The mother stork sat in it with her four young ones, who stuck out their heads with their little black beaks. (You see, their beaks had not yet turned red as they would in time.) And a little way off, all alone on the ridge of the roof, stood Father Stork, very upright and stiff. He was really a sentry on guard but, so that he would not be entirely idle, he had drawn up one leg. My, how grand he looked, standing there on one leg! So still you might have thought he was carved from wood!
"It must look pretty fine for my wife to have a sentry standing by her nest!" he thought. "People don't know I'm her husband; they'll think I'm a servant, ordered to stand here on guard. It looks very smart, I must say."
So he went on, standing on one leg.
Off to your wife you'd better fly.
Rocking four young ones to rest.
And the fourth will be slapped!"
"Just listen to what they are saying!" cried the little stork children. "They say we're going to be hanged and burned!"
"Don't pay any attention to that," replied the mother stork crossly. "Don't listen to them, and then it won't make any difference."
But the boys went on singing and pointing mockingly at the storks with their fingers. Only one boy, whose name was Peter, said it was a shame to make fun of the birds, and he wouldn't join the others.
The

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.348473
Retrieved Text: "I bet you couldn't even tell me what day we were married ! "
"yes, I could replied the husband.
A bank is an institution where you can borrow money if you can provide sufficient evidence to show that you don't need it.
I'm gone will you sprinkle It on my grave. Promise me That you"ll do It.
"och,aye but Would you mind if i passed it through my kidneys first !"
"Once upon a time, two priest were talking together. They said that they can't stop smoking.
One day, the first one asked to his supperior if he could somke when he was praying, the supperior said that it was impossible. The second one asked if he could pray while he was smoking. The supperior allows him to do..."
It's interesting, Baptiste the way to ask things, I have got another one about the ideal diet. You eat what you want, and as much as you want. You don't lose any weight, but i's really easy to stick to.
"Tarzan," queried Jane, "Why do you have to bellow so when you swing through the jungle?"
"I'm under contract darling," replied the lord of the jungle. "This pharmaceutical company make sore throat lozenges."
One day, a little girl is sitting and watching her mother do the dishes at the kitchen sink. She suddenly notices that her mother has several strands of white hair sticking out in contrast on her brunette head. "Why are some of your hairs white, Mom?" she asks. Her mother replies, "Well, every time you do something wrong and make me cry or

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.290054
Retrieved Text: While you are at it, give him a "wet willie" or "brazilian stinky finger pass"? Log in or Sign up. Jul 17, Messages: Image of scared man and woman in basic clothing looking at each other and biting their fists emotionally isolated over beige background A mother holding her son over her shoulder Composite image of hipster yawning with his hand over his mouth Portrait of little girl covering mouth with hands Woman covering mouth in surprise, portrait Young girl covering mouth with hand, portrait Young caucasian woman using laptop over isolated background cover mouth with hand shocked with shame for mistake, expression of fear, scared in silenc bright picture of pretty woman astonished with hands over mouth Teenage girl holding gloved hands over mouth A handsome boy in a plaid shirt, blue shirt and jeans stands on a gray background. What do you think? Ha, u guys are too sensitive. Gesture with hands shows emotional fear.
Justin Pressley , Oct 31, Show Ignored Content. Next page. Toronto, ON. Mouth cupping is completely lousy Jiu Jitsu, and belongs in a street fight.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.052387
Retrieved Text: Melbourne baby photography session photo of baby boy sitting in the sand dunes.
Black and white photo of newborn baby.
Melbourne family photography session image of family of three at the beach.
Mother in denim shirt holding newborn baby boy.
Melbourne child photography session photo of baby boy sitting on his father's shoulders at the beach.
Melbourne baby photography session photo of baby sitting on the floor.
Melbourne newborn photography session image of newborn baby yawning in black and white.
Newborn photography session photo of mother holding newborn baby girl at a window.
Melbourne baby photography beach session of baby standing on father's feet in the water.
Photo from a child photography session held in Melbourne of a girl with red hair in a forest.
Backlit young boy resting chin on his hands in the kitchen.
Maternity photography session of woman posing against wall for black and white photo.
Sisters in yellow floral dresses against a blue wall.
Newborn baby on mother's shoulder.
Melbourne newborn photography session photo of mother holding up newborn baby against window.
Based in Melbourne, I take clean, simple and timeless photographs that tell your story.
Are you after some beautiful photos of your family? Please get in touch as I'd love to hear from you.
I offer a limited number of wedding slots each year. Take a look at previous wedding photos here.
Looking for a thoughtful and unique gift for a loved one? Why not get them a voucher for a family photo shoot?
"A down to earth, friendly, professional photographer who is terrific with children/adults and produced some of the best photos of our family. We would highly

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.91409
Retrieved Text: Well, it didn’t totally fail me. I did go through all my methods courses, learned how to create meaningful and engaging lessons, and even practiced in several classrooms before I was let loose on my own.
The first grader who was molested by mommy’s ‘friend’.
The child who was dropped off at school by mom, who then walked to the nearest crack house.
The boy who was being beaten at home.
The girl who lived in a tent, in the woods, with her mother.
The child who is raising themselves because the ‘adult’ in the home is unreliable.
The girl whose mother was murdered, by her father.
The boy who came to school hungry, every day, and most likely took classroom food home with him.
Or the 10-year-old girl who lost her mother 2 1/2 months ago. The girl who had to sit and listen to a great opportunity to come to classes and have bonding experiences ‘with your mom’. The girl who wanted to go and bravely asked, “What if you don’t have a mom?” The girl who was eyed, sympathetically, by all the other girls in the room. The girl who has to figure out a new normal at a young age.
These are the ways in which teacher training failed me.
Thank heavens for your students, your own life experiences kick in where the college manuals leave off. You relate 100% to so many of your students, and they believe that you do. They do know, both in their hearts and on their sleeves, that you believe in them, that you support them,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.75843
Retrieved Text: Contrary to popular belief, the above is not a Mother Goose rhyme but a poem. However, I remember its inclusion — slightly modified — in a book of nursery rhymes from my own childhood.
My version isn’t quite this old!
When I recently ordered the box set of Judy Moody by Megan McDonald for my daughter I was reminded of that rather awful poem, and I wouldn’t mind betting the series illustrator has been inspired by Longfellow, because the curl on the forehead is an enduring feature of Judy Moody’s character design.
There is a sociocultural leniency toward the bad behavior of boys. Boys are, after all, made of slugs and snails and puppy-dogs’ tails, and they are culturally expected to be naughty, to get dirty, to wriggle and not be able to sit still, to not make rude noises, to fight and swear. And for this they are judged to be “just being a boy” or “a real boy”, one who will grow into a real man. Concomitantly girls must be good. And, in order to become good girls they must be carefully controlled and constantly monitored.
What if Peta Rabbit were a girl and her brothers Flopsy, Mopsy and Cottontail were the good little bunnies who stayed at home?
Is there a female version of Winnie-the-pooh, who is obsessed over excessive and sweet food in a humorous way rather than as a slight on her character?
Is stereotypical bad behaviour in girl characters e.g. preening and asking for things she shouldn’t have and talking rudely to (and about) others, perceived

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.742435
Retrieved Text: This is a charming film about a boy, a girl and a lot of snow.
Noah is a young boy whose dreams inexplicably turn into reality. Dylan is his increasingly estranged teenage brother who anxiously awaits moving out of their shared bedroom. However, moving out is a bit tougher than it seems when Noah's greatest nightmares begin to come to life.
This is the story of a young Mi’gmaq girl whose name means “the light from the dawn.” Sadly, her mother dies while giving birth and, though her father works very hard to provide for his family, Waseteg is surrounded by the bitterness and loneliness felt by her sisters. As a young girl, Waseteg looks for solace in nature, and dreams of the stories she’s heard in the village – including one about Walqwan, the mysterious boy living across the river.
Five children ponder creation, God, death and the meaning of life.
It’s raining. A small village is in big trouble. The raindrops are actually a young girl’s tears. And it’s up to the hunter to put things in order.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.691925
Retrieved Text: On a fine winter morning, an alarm rang as a wake-up call to the child. It was time to get up for his very first day at school. The Sanskrit news bulletin went on air with “AM Akashwani. Samprati vartha surengtha pravachakh Pankaj Kumar Mishra”.
The young boy who just had woken up was stubborn to witness this very first separation from home. He was scared at the very thought of this very first step into the harsh reality away from the mother’s care. To help him to be strong at this young age, the parents ditched their idea to drop him to school. They made a difficult decision, making him board the school bus alone. Yet the boldness of the decision didn’t last long in as the heart of the mother melted and they followed the bus to school. And why? Just to make sure, that the little boy was on the right track.
Another memory down the lane has the young boy alone in the car while the parents were out shopping. Hard luck? The car started to roll down that steep road. At the glance of this, the superwoman mode of the mother got activated as she jumped right in front of the rolling car, trying to stop and get her child out. At this sight, even the heart of the crowd couldn’t stay strong and it doubled the mother’s effort by stepping in.
Time passed by and the kid grew up. A mischievous boy, those who saw him grow, may recall. Subjected to multiple scolding

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.533356
Retrieved Text: #39023660 - Young smiling female doctor and her little patient with teddy..
#39023783 - Little girl is crying while with her mother at a doctor on consultation.
#59640119 - Children sick sickness disease little kids characters set. Flu..
#39023786 - Little girl with her mother at a doctor on consultation.
#81544243 - Two cute asian little child girls playing doctor and patient..
#84718201 - Kids visit a doctor cartoon flat vector illustration. Pediatrician..
#90257065 - Gynecologist or Obstetrician Physician showing ultrasound photo..
#47286627 - Asian boy play with bear in the room.
#43154007 - A child is laying on a hospital bed with his arm and hand raised..
#55727582 - medical instruments stethoscope in hand of baby girl.
#46947107 - a little asian boy sick sleep on the bed in the hositala little..
#37139317 - Little doctor, Cute little asian girl dressed like a doctor looking..
#46778358 - Smiling professional Family doctor. Health care banner background.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.47603
Retrieved Text: More Vintage clipart from VintageClipart.com. Their Mothers Day collection is available on CD or as single, high resolution pictures. These are wonderful victorian images of Mothers, children, flowers and pets with a vintage theme. These are actual cards and pictures that have been scanned and are available by mail or for electronic download at a great price.
Free vector clipart illustrations of a happy mother standing beside her daughter, and a smiling mom with her son. You can use these free mother and baby clipart illustrations for non-commercial projects. This image is available in the .cdr image format.
Free vector clipart illustrations of male and female actors & dancers. You can use these free actor and dancer clipart illustrations for non-commercial projects. This image is available in the .cdr image format.
Free outlined black and white clipart image of a little girl wearing an arm sling over her broken arm. This free clip art image may be used for non-revenue-producing uses. If being used on a website then you must include a link to the Discoveryschool.com web site. This website has 78 other related health and safety clipart images.
Free small sized gardening clip art image of a little boy raking the grass. The vendor, Catherine Marcy, only requests that you link to her website, Webweaver.com, for the free use of this gardening clipart image.
A clip art image a boy and a girl resting on a park bench under a tree drinking beverages after playing. Next to the bench are two tennis rackets, three tennis balls, and a soccer ball.
Free

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.432728
Retrieved Text: OAK GROVE, Kentucky -- Officials say a 12-year-old Kentucky girl tried to kill her 4-year-old stepbrother because she believed her mother loved the boy more.
News outlets report that a Christian County sheriff's report said the girl was charged with murder Wednesday in Oak Grove. The report said the mother was looking through the girl's Skype messages and saw that she told someone in Texas that she was going to use Mr. Clean to get rid of her younger stepbrother.
"Obviously, this is not something that's normal," Captain Chris Miller, of the Christian County Sheriff's Office, said to WTVF-TV. "It's quite normal for brothers and sisters to fight, brothers and sisters to disagree. This is kind of above the normal for what we would expect out of that age."
When the boy became sick, the mother talked to her daughter, who admitted to trying to poison the victim.
She told her mother it was because she felt her mother loved him more.
"We're talking about a 12-year-old here, so we are looking into the mind of a 12-year-old, what bothers her and what makes her tick. This is obviously something that bothered her," Captain Miller said.
Deputies asked to talk to the daughter in the mother's presence, and when asked why she had poisoned the boy, she said "it was because he was annoying her," according to police reports.
The juvenile was arrested and charged with murder.
"She's facing a murder charge because Kentucky does not have an attempted murder charge there. Depending on the outcome of her medical evaluation, that murder charge could

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.36862
Retrieved Text: The underpinnings of India are so complex, that most Indians do not understand how everything works within their own country. They possess a type of fearlessness that cusps on having an unspoken understanding that life is nothing short of a cycle; birth, death and rebirth. The country now holds a population of 1.25 billion people. The ability for such condensed human experiences to move fluidly is something to witness.
What can be witnessed among this interconnected web of life is a deep sense of trust. Although the are social patterns that are constantly being upheld and religious cycles are ever spinning their orbit, all of these give one context for their role in the drama. There are so many dimensions to this ancient history that one could spend their entire life just observing, and only then could they scratch the surface and comprehend the dynamic placed called India.
Keeping shelter from the humidity and piercing heat, this woman nestles inside the doorway of her home with her mother and daughters.
Toward the end of the day, long shadows stretch the ground and extend the physical shape of a man's bicycle. The most efficient means of transportation is the bicycle in rural communities.
Young boy standing amidst the crowds during a remote medical trip in Qutubpur Village.
Alongside a small pond at the end of the village, a mother and her daughter listen intently to a woman talk underneath the local shade tree.
In a rural village where education is scarce, these children are examples of how a community can come together and

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking. The mother instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing. the boy... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: puts a shirt on and rubs his mouth.

Ending 2: helps his younger sister brush his teeth.

Ending 3: walks with an empty mouthwash cup on a sink floor.

Ending 4: and girl then begin working out.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 45.307995
Retrieved Text: Mother gives newborn baby a bath in kitchen sink.
Boy with underwear on his head, kisses mom who's changing baby diaper.
Boy upset as mom comforts him.
Girl playing in a field near a barn.
Family playing with cars in a boy's bedroom.
Little girl hands mom dandelion.
Father reads son a story on a summer day in his bedroom.
Little girl letting dog inside the home.
Little boy feeding his father grapes.
Little boy plays pirates outside on his playground.
Family hangs out together in kitchen.
Little boy falls down, loses his shoe and cracker.
Little girl looks at her baby sibling like a doll.
Dad puts daughter's shoes on while smiling with her.
Father holds baby while his feet stick out from under his arm.
Family goes for a walk while dad snuggles son and walks dog.
Man and woman hold hands while driving.
Family plays with children outside on a summer day.
Mom holds daughter up into sun rays.
Little girl peeking up over kitchen table.
Mother protecting son from water.
Mom and daughter both lick marshmallow from fingers at family bonfire.
Little boy hits dad in nose with stick as he's getting him out of car seat.
Young boy kisses newborn sibling while mother snuggles both.
Mom cleans baby's face while son goes potty and complains.
Mother shows son how to make a grass whistle.
Mother holds son upside down while playing in the snow.
Dad squirts son with hose outside.
Little girl tries to reach table as mom stands over her.
Toddler talks to mother who is holding newborn.
Family has campfire as dog smiles at camera.
Young man places cool cloth on newborn baby brother's head.
Mom pulls hair out of toddler's

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.753036
Retrieved Text: This is a double page spread from Molly and Sean's wedding album, which was A4 in size and featured a photographic front cover. In this arrangement the images are spread our symmetrically with 4 images per page. The top left image on the first page shows a young girl chatting and laughing with her mother. The next image in, second from the left on the top row shows the grandmother of the bride talking with one of her close friends. The next image over shows a pair of groomsmen standing and chatting after the speeches were given. The image on the far right on the uppermost row shows the father of the bride standing to deliver his speech. I really like how the mother of the bride who is on the left of the image (therefore sat to the right of the father of the bride) is looking at him. These two had their own wedding years ago and the look of love is still real between them. On the second row, we can see two people enjoying themselves and being deep in discussion on the left-most image. The next image in shows a lady reacting to one of the speeches. The next two images both show reactions from people sitting on the top table to the speeches of the groom and the best man.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.857906
Retrieved Text: On the roof of the last house in a little village was a stork's nest. The mother stork sat in it with her four young ones, who stuck out their heads with their little black beaks. (You see, their beaks had not yet turned red as they would in time.) And a little way off, all alone on the ridge of the roof, stood Father Stork, very upright and stiff. He was really a sentry on guard but, so that he would not be entirely idle, he had drawn up one leg. My, how grand he looked, standing there on one leg! So still you might have thought he was carved from wood!
"It must look pretty fine for my wife to have a sentry standing by her nest!" he thought. "People don't know I'm her husband; they'll think I'm a servant, ordered to stand here on guard. It looks very smart, I must say."
So he went on, standing on one leg.
Off to your wife you'd better fly.
Rocking four young ones to rest.
And the fourth will be slapped!"
"Just listen to what they are saying!" cried the little stork children. "They say we're going to be hanged and burned!"
"Don't pay any attention to that," replied the mother stork crossly. "Don't listen to them, and then it won't make any difference."
But the boys went on singing and pointing mockingly at the storks with their fingers. Only one boy, whose name was Peter, said it was a shame to make fun of the birds, and he wouldn't join the others.
The

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.234844
Retrieved Text: A 9-year-old Florida boy was warned by his school to stop writing love notes to his crush, or he&apos;ll face sexual harassment charges.
"He&apos;s 9," the boy&apos;s incredulous mother told ABC Action News. "What little kid doesn&apos;t write love notes?"
The warning came from school officials in Hillsborough County, Florida, the ABC affiliate reported, after classmates found out about the love notes and started teasing the boy about them, saying the boy wanted to see his crush naked.
When school officials caught wind of the situation, they called the lovestruck boy&apos;s mother.
"That&apos;s when the principal proceeded to tell me that it wasn&apos;t appropriate that he was writing the note and that if he writes another note, they are going to file sexual harassment charges on my 9-year-old," said the mom, whose name wasn&apos;t made public by the ABC affiliate to protect the identity of her son.
The content of the notes was typical kid-crush fare, the mom said, with the boy telling his crush "her eyes sparkle like diamonds." She said her son, a fourth-grader, doesn&apos;t understand why he&apos;s been reprimanded.
"My 9-year-old doesn&apos;t even know what sexual harassment means," the boy&apos;s mother said.
Officials at Hillsborough County Public Schools downplayed the incident, telling ABC Action News that they did not threaten to involve police, but admitted to warning the boy against further notes because they were "unwanted" by the girl.
If either child feels uncomfortable, or the school district wants the love letters to stop, the best thing to do is have the parents speak to their kids directly, said Valerie McClain,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.631187
Retrieved Text: I found that quote on www.history.com when I googled “thanksgiving history”. That’s a really long time of celebrating something as a collective group. It made me wonder how much of our planning and celebrating of this holiday is mindful and for how much of it are we really just absently going through the motions of what we have always done.
Last week I suggested writing out things that you could plan for to make your Thanksgiving celebration more enjoyable and if you joined me in that endeavor then I’m sure you’d agree that the thought involved in that task shifted our energy into a more mindful state about the holiday.
Do you ever stop and wonder ‘why?’ you’re celebrating in the way that you’re celebrating? Is there a way that you could change your ritual or traditions that may evoke a truer sense of ‘gratitude’ in your ‘thanksgiving’?
I recently read a story in a book called “Supreme Influence” by author Niurka, (a transformational teacher and speaker). In the story, a little girl is being taught by her mother how to make a roast. The mother teaches the girl, firstly, to cut off and remove both ends of the roast. When the little girl asks her mother “Why do we cut off the ends of the roast?” her mother is stumped. “I don’t know. That’s the way I was taught to do it. Ask your grandmother.” the mother instructs the girl.
Again, the little girl is met with no answer. “I don’t know. That’s the way I was taught to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.398724
Retrieved Text: Young girl, a student, holding sign that says "Teach Us The Truth".
Young man, a high school student, gestures with hand while speaking from a podium, sign in foreground says "Jefferson County Students For Change".
Young man, a high school student, gestures with hand while speaking from a podium.
Young man, a high school student, speaking from a podium.
Young girl, a high school student, standing on stage speaking into microphone, holding a cellphone.
Young girl, a high school student, standing on stage speaking into microphone, holding a cellphone, wearing protest buttons.
Young man, a high school student, speaking from a podium, sign in foreground says "Jefferson County Students For Change".
Young woman, a high school student, standing on stage, speaking into microphone.
Young girl, a high school student, wearing long skirt, standing on stage, holding a paper and speaking into a microphone, in background, young man dressed all in black.
Man holding cellphone, speaking into microphone.
Man on stage, a teacher, speaking into a microphone.
Young man, a high school student, handing change back to woman who bought a t-shirt, in foreground, piles of t-shirts reading JeffCo Students, on a table.
Young man, a student wearing a t-shirt that reads "#JEFFCOSTANDUP, and lists names of schools, next to him a man and woman.
Retired teacher holding sign supporting students and colleagues, next to her woman and young girl, both in wheelchairs, in background other protesters with signs.
Crowd of adults and students, some sitting, some standing, applauding, some wearing t-shirts about students.
Two men and woman listening to speaker, next to them, woman sitting on ground holding sign that reads

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.362587
Retrieved Text: Well, it didn’t totally fail me. I did go through all my methods courses, learned how to create meaningful and engaging lessons, and even practiced in several classrooms before I was let loose on my own.
The first grader who was molested by mommy’s ‘friend’.
The child who was dropped off at school by mom, who then walked to the nearest crack house.
The boy who was being beaten at home.
The girl who lived in a tent, in the woods, with her mother.
The child who is raising themselves because the ‘adult’ in the home is unreliable.
The girl whose mother was murdered, by her father.
The boy who came to school hungry, every day, and most likely took classroom food home with him.
Or the 10-year-old girl who lost her mother 2 1/2 months ago. The girl who had to sit and listen to a great opportunity to come to classes and have bonding experiences ‘with your mom’. The girl who wanted to go and bravely asked, “What if you don’t have a mom?” The girl who was eyed, sympathetically, by all the other girls in the room. The girl who has to figure out a new normal at a young age.
These are the ways in which teacher training failed me.
Thank heavens for your students, your own life experiences kick in where the college manuals leave off. You relate 100% to so many of your students, and they believe that you do. They do know, both in their hearts and on their sleeves, that you believe in them, that you support them,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.040955
Retrieved Text: ‘The mother’ shifted uncomfortably and a low moan escaped her.
The conduit had opened and the boy was released from his silence.
A little perturbed, Michael decided to press the younger boy.
The boy nodded to the girl who was still snuggled in her mothers arms, a hand clasped around her head and over her ears as a form of protection.
The boy had obviously been paying attention to their conversations.
Laura stood on the brakes sharply and the car skidded a distance on the frozen surface.
“How do you know about Christopher and Peter?” she demanded.
The boy was not put off by the urgency in Laura’s voice but continued as if he was relating back a day at school.
Laura, who had known the dark places The Piper could take one, touched the boy’s hand.
Again the shock of him knowing sent a wave against her fragile barriers that guarded what was left of normality.
‘The mother’, the manic stare less unnerving than before, reached out her own hand and closed it upon Laura’s wrist. The white heat of the connection was not lost upon her and the image of her long lost sister flashed upon her mind.
“Christopher is in danger!” then the woman fell back to her previous state.
Rachel, the young girl started to move. Unhooking herself from her mother’s grip, she sat upright and smiled momentarily it was snatched from her face once more.
“He’s looking at us,” she said pointing to the leather who was staring into the car as if noting each of the faces in turn. It then moved towards

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.853043
Retrieved Text: "I bet you couldn't even tell me what day we were married ! "
"yes, I could replied the husband.
A bank is an institution where you can borrow money if you can provide sufficient evidence to show that you don't need it.
I'm gone will you sprinkle It on my grave. Promise me That you"ll do It.
"och,aye but Would you mind if i passed it through my kidneys first !"
"Once upon a time, two priest were talking together. They said that they can't stop smoking.
One day, the first one asked to his supperior if he could somke when he was praying, the supperior said that it was impossible. The second one asked if he could pray while he was smoking. The supperior allows him to do..."
It's interesting, Baptiste the way to ask things, I have got another one about the ideal diet. You eat what you want, and as much as you want. You don't lose any weight, but i's really easy to stick to.
"Tarzan," queried Jane, "Why do you have to bellow so when you swing through the jungle?"
"I'm under contract darling," replied the lord of the jungle. "This pharmaceutical company make sore throat lozenges."
One day, a little girl is sitting and watching her mother do the dishes at the kitchen sink. She suddenly notices that her mother has several strands of white hair sticking out in contrast on her brunette head. "Why are some of your hairs white, Mom?" she asks. Her mother replies, "Well, every time you do something wrong and make me cry or

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.14106
Retrieved Text: What Does a Mother Offer a Boy?
A question, from a terrified mother-to-be.
This year, Esquire has been delving into the topic of fathers and sons—from Ryan D'Agostino's groundbreaking investigation into epidemic of ADHD misdiagnoses in American boys, to the June issue, which will feature fathering advice from men all over the country. But what of mothers? To commemorate Mothers Day (yes, it's on Sunday), we asked Elizabeth Gunnison Dunn for her thoughts on being an expectant mother to a boy.
When it comes to being pregnant, there are a lot of things they don't tell you ahead of time. Many of them are too grisly to qualify as acceptable cocktail party conversation. Others, there's simply no explaining. You have to be there. Here's one of the latter: No matter how impartial you think you are, when you hear your baby's gender announced for the first time, there will be a moment of profound disappointment, or relief.
"Looks like a boy," the doctor said as I lay flat on an exam room table, watching elbows and toes flicker across the monitor.
"Oh. A boy?" I asked, in a small voice. "Are you sure?"
I was overcome by a kind of sinking terror, both humiliating and confusing to a woman who had never particularly felt that she wanted a daughter. I wasn't dying for someone to do "girl stuff" with, like going for eyebrow waxes or shopping for bathing suits or whatever. But I understood girlhood, its topography. I had traveled its roads. I knew where all the potholes were. I felt instinctively

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.946095
Retrieved Text: When China was a little bug, (my daughter not the country), her sleeve caught fire. We were lighting Hannukah candles when she reached over the burning flames. I slapped the burning sleeve out. Husband and I examined her burned sleeve and her arm amazed that the flames never touched her skin.
Something similar happened to Egg, (my second daughter not chicken fetus). We do a lot of candle lighting in our religion. She wanted to blow out the Sabbath candles when her hair caught on fire. My mother standing nearby and I brushed the fire out as fast as it started. Egg was fine.
She turned her 3-year-old self around and smiled at us wondering why we were patting her head. She never knew how close she came to setting herself on fire.
If you are a parent then you know what I’m talking about.
You’ve swept food out of little mouths before they choked. You’ve caught your child mid-fall in the playground and set them on their feet to run and play.
For older kids. We fill the gas tank when we know they are going out. We check the tires. Twice.
The 17-year-old boy that comes to pick up your 14-year-old daughter for a date!?
That boy never makes it in the house! You know what I’m saying?
We watch out for the foreseeable problems our children are headed toward and run interference.
Kids, they are like the quarterbacks running with the ball. They may not see their teammates (parents) behind them tackling the opposing players, but they are there.
It’s often a thankless

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.90369
Retrieved Text: I am writing from New York, a city I love, at the end of a 5-day visit. I lived in Manhattan for 6 years in the 1980’s, and I come back as often as I figure out how. Here are some moments that stay with me from this visit.
I’ve been walking around the apartment where I’ve been staying in short sleeves. I’ve been sleeping with only a light blanket. The windows have been open. The first night I ignored my friend’s advice and closed the window to block of the noise. This resulted in the temperature in the room rising to 80 degrees by morning. Since then I’ve left the window open while the heat is blasting. Talking to another friend, I learn this is common, all around town, in the older buildings. She tells me that because there are fewer cars than anywhere else, and because of the concentration of living spaces, NY actually uses a lot less energy than other cities in the US. Still, knowing the global situation of oil depletion and rising temperatures, I find it unbearable to settle with this widespread leakage of energy. Is there really no solution?
The following are not specific to NY. I have seen and heard similar exchanges elsewhere. In NY much happens in the streets, in public. There are so many people on the streets all the time, everything happens at once, intense, incessant. So all of these I saw within 5 days.
Two people walk toward me, clearly in a fight. I don’t know what it’s

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.80516
Retrieved Text: BLACKSTONE — A neighbor who says she discovered a 5-month-old girl and 3-year-old boy in the 23 St. Paul St. house this week said the children were covered in feces and were surrounded by piles of dirty diapers and maggots.
"You had to step on stuff to get to the babies," said the 41-year-old woman, a mother of two, who asked not to be identified.
The remains of three infants were found Thursday in the now-condemned house, but the woman who found the badly neglected children, without supervision, did not see any of the infants' remains.
What she did see, however, was enough to make her cry all night, she said.
The woman, who lives within walking distance of the 23 St. Paul St. house, said she has a 13-year-old son who is a friend of the 10-year-old son of Erika Murray, who was arraigned Friday in Uxbridge District Court on numerous charges in connection with the case.
The neighbor said she made the disturbing discovery on the afternoon of Aug. 28 when her 13-year-old son called her from a neighbor's phone. She said he was really upset and frantically told her, "I can't get the babies to stop crying."
The mother said she walked to the house at 23 St. Paul St. and asked the boys, "Where are the babies?"
She said Ms. Murray's son told her, "The babies were upstairs, but you can't go up there because it was really messy."
The woman asked the 10-year-old boy to whom the babies belonged.
"My mom's friend left them here, and my mother baby-sits them,"

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.791504
Retrieved Text: Out of all the portraits on our trip the ones that stood out to me the most were the ones that had anything to do with a daughter and mother. I have a very close relationship with my mom and I couldn’t imagine my life without her. The three that stood out to me are these.
The first one is from the series with young girls in their room. This girl had sticky notes all over her room that her mom have her. She wrote a note to her daughter everyday. I save every note and card from my mom because I cherish everything she has to say to me. Her thoughts mean the most in my heart.
The second shows a mother and daughter standing near a mirror. The mother is looking at her daughter with admiration in her eyes. With no words spoken it shows just how the mother feels about her daughter.
The third shows a mother and daughter holding hands between a wall. This to me shows that no matter what may come between a mother and daughter your love will keep you together. My mom and I have gone through a lot over the years but with each obstacle we’ve become closer.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.620426
Retrieved Text: Mom and baby are swimming in the sea.
A cute little asian girl sitting at table and blowing candles on birthday cake while her family standing behind and sing a song to her In slow motion.
Mom and son walking in the park. First steps of little boy in summer park. Baby boy walking in the park with mom's support.
Mother and her cute little daughter in the nature.
Mother and daughter playing in park.
Happy family of three, with a baby, blue-eyed girl.
Family of four sit together near a windmill farm. Mom, dad and two kids enjoy sunny sunset countryside scenery. 4K.
Mom and daughter sit on the straw stack at sunset. Mother and her little daughter having good time in field outdoor. The concept of family and friendship.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.569103
Retrieved Text: I had a mother of a preschooler in my office this week. In the middle of our conversation her son anxiously announced that he needed to use the "potty". The mother directed her son to the restroom just outside my door and we continued with our relatively serious discussion. After a few minutes, the young boy walked back into my office and enthusiastically declared, "The plunger sticks to the wall!"
Stunned, the mother and I looked at one another for a moment without saying a word. As the child's statement sunk in, I tried desperately to stifle a laugh. The mother looked at me sheepishly. I couldn't maintain my composure another second. I laid my face down on my desk and burst into laughter.
My son turned fifteen recently. I spent the entire day reflecting on precious memories of similarly embarrassing, but equally hilarious moments. When my son was about three, we invited friends over who had a daughter about his age. I was horrified to find that while the adults were conversing in the living room, our rather adventurous son and the agreeable girl emptied an entire jumbo sized jar of petroleum jelly on their heads in an attempt to make their hair "shiny".
Another time, our little entrepreneur gathered acorns from the Oak tree in our front yard, and then unbeknownst to me went door to door selling them to nearby residents for three cents each. Remarkably, our light hearted and amazingly patient neighbors bought every acorn those pudgy little hands could carry! I know the sheepish

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.501
Retrieved Text: Just in time for Mother&apos;s Day, the Trans United Fund has released a video that features moms of transgender youth recounting how their children came out and talking about expressing support for their children.
The video also addresses the wave of anti-trans legislation sweeping the United States. To counter these laws, and perhaps change people&apos;s hearts when it comes to trans people, these moms have one suggestions: Meet my child.
In the video&apos;s first story, a mother tells the story of her transgender son, who approached her with the news that, though he was born a girl, he felt like a boy. "What does that mean?" the mother recalls thinking.
One Latina mother said that when her child came out as a transgender girl, she felt the most important thing to do was to tell her that she loved her no matter what.
The moms also discuss the recent wave of anti-trans bills — particularly anti-transgender bathroom bills — that are being introduced in legislatures around the U.S. The most notorious of these laws is North Carolina&apos;s HB2, which requires state residents to use the bathroom that matches the gender they were assigned at birth, rather than the gender they identity as. Activists, rock stars and even the Department of Justice have denounced the bill, which has led the number of calls to a North Carolina transgender crisis hotline to double.
One transgender young man wishes that politicians had more respect for trans people.
According to the video, 50 pieces of legislation targeting trans people have been introduced in 20 states. As

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.41013
Retrieved Text: Portrait of happy family - baby boy sits in the park while parents watch him. Concept Family relaxation.
4k00:25Happy Mother and Little Daughter Playing at the Park Having Picnic Outdoors Sitting on the Green Grass. Young Pretty Brunette is Talking to a Cute Girl.
hd00:06The father raises the child in his arms and throws up.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.292194
Retrieved Text: #20146273 - Hippopotamus - Hippopotamus amphibius, facing the camera, isolated..
#37637555 - A couple with a different age and hight is facing or kissing..
#96595513 - Successful business woman facing backwards avatar character vector..
#82170512 - colorful microscopic shot of Trisodium citrate microcrystals..
#110733689 - Anteater zoo animal walking facing side. Extracted photo isolated..
#42870875 - Beautiful sporty fit yogini woman practices yoga asana adhomukha..
#85634829 - irritated beautiful spoiled boy with frowning freckles and a..
#70106229 - Living room interior in gray and brown colors features gray sofa..
#86814939 - Baby car seat vector icons, toddle car seat - safe child traveling..
#72105220 - Young attractive yogi woman practicing yoga, doing Downward facing..
#94271665 - Left Facing Foreclosure For Sale Real Estate Sign in Front of..
#94436380 - Side view portrait of a baby and mother playing together on the..
#72290749 - Unhappy Labrador puppy Lying and Looking down on white background,..
#64936523 - Side view of a happy couple dating and flirting in love looking..
#27154932 - Group Of Multi-Ethnic People Hands On Shoulders Facing Global..
#94801016 - Baby demanding attention of his mother sitting on a couch in..
#95514311 - Side view portrait of a happy mother raising her baby son outdoors..
#96011074 - Side view portrait of a mother helping his son to walk on the..
#83933493 - dark fantasy concept showing the boy with a torch facing smoke..
#72289373 - Close-up Portrait of sad Labrador retriever dog on isolated black..
#93048708 - Two happy friends having a casual conversation sitting on a couch..
#64944416 - Side view of a couple talking and looking each other affectionate..
#41683444 - Young white female executive standing

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.252724
Retrieved Text: Mum slammed for suggesting young boy not welcome at playground because it was for girls only!
The woman asked for advice after she had been regularly meeting up with some other mums and their daughters for a play date at a local playground.
She posted her question online at The Washington Post’s live chat with Carolyn Hax.
The mum wrote: “I have a daughter and some other mums of daughters and I have started getting together at a local playground at a set time each week.
“Recently a mum of a boy brought her son to the playground at the same time we were there. I asked her (nicely, I thought) if she would mind leaving because we had wanted it to be a girls-only time. She refused and seemed angry at me.
“If she comes back, is there a better way I can approach her? This has been such a sweet time for mums and daughters and having a boy there is naturally going to change things.
Carolyn replied with: “Can I appeal to -your- better nature?
“Shooing off the mum and her boy was terrible. And justifying it as a cosmic correction? Wow.
“That kid is a human being–not with privileged little man feelings, either, but with feelings, period. Perhaps even a disposition that fit better into your idea of girl behavior than one or more of the girls there. People are not widgets. And the adult you shooed off is a mum, possessor of the same crumbs you’ve been fed, no? So don’t you think she would have just liked to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.200542
Retrieved Text: The bird in the box. The box was moving. The bird breathing so hard.
The old lady talked a lot about Descartes. She said that he liked to sleep in ovens, that it helped him think. “What do you think about that?” she asked the man, her tenant.
She had a book in her lap, and looked the man up and down. At night she could hear him pacing in his room, his feet shuffling through piles of papers.
The man thought about it. He thought and thought and thought as he paced, the papers sticking to the bottoms of his feet. The noise. Going back and forth. Going nowhere.
The papers started when he was five. His parents argued in the kitchen, his father at the table, his mother at the sink.
Always yelling. It made the boy boil. It made him look for other places to be, like under his bed, in the closet, or on the fire escape. Sometimes he walked into his parent’s room and stood at the foot of their bed.
One afternoon he found a stack of papers on the floor. Mostly bills, receipts. His father’s handwriting scribbled on the back of an envelope. Get a washer for the toilet. A drawing of a man asleep, three little zzzs floating above his head. The boy took the envelope, folded it in half, and shoved it down his pants.
It was a cycle that never cycled off. The man attempted to gather the papers into piles by category: credit card statements, bills >>>> water, electric, phone, junk ads,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.187527
Retrieved Text: Once again we got to meet another wee goat farmer when her daddy came to buy goats. Over the years I�ve met a lot of wee goat farmers, some experienced, some just starting out, and it�s always interesting. These are the pre-teen present and future goat farmers. Their ages start at one year on up to twelve. I�ve only met two future wee goat farmers that were under six months. The first one calmly sucked on her pacifier, safe in her mother�s arms, and had no comment about the goats. The other decided to try climbing out of her mother�s arms and escape someway when the weanling goat jumped on the gate and shouted a happy hello at her.
The wee goat farmers come in a variety of temperaments when they arrive on our farm.
Some are wound so tight and excited over being on a farm and around goats, that as soon as they hit the ground from stepping out of the truck, they explode in all different directions. Which makes all of us adults scurry after them, rounding them up, and trying to keep them confined in our tight circle as we proceed to go look at the goats. The thrill of it all is more then they can handle.
Others keep control of their excitement and just sort of vibrate in place, obediently following their parents, but nevertheless the air just shimmers around them. If you are a SciFi fan, you would say they were phasing in and out of reality, vibrating from so much excitement

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.960445
Retrieved Text: Melbourne baby photography session photo of baby boy sitting in the sand dunes.
Black and white photo of newborn baby.
Melbourne family photography session image of family of three at the beach.
Mother in denim shirt holding newborn baby boy.
Melbourne child photography session photo of baby boy sitting on his father's shoulders at the beach.
Melbourne baby photography session photo of baby sitting on the floor.
Melbourne newborn photography session image of newborn baby yawning in black and white.
Newborn photography session photo of mother holding newborn baby girl at a window.
Melbourne baby photography beach session of baby standing on father's feet in the water.
Photo from a child photography session held in Melbourne of a girl with red hair in a forest.
Backlit young boy resting chin on his hands in the kitchen.
Maternity photography session of woman posing against wall for black and white photo.
Sisters in yellow floral dresses against a blue wall.
Newborn baby on mother's shoulder.
Melbourne newborn photography session photo of mother holding up newborn baby against window.
Based in Melbourne, I take clean, simple and timeless photographs that tell your story.
Are you after some beautiful photos of your family? Please get in touch as I'd love to hear from you.
I offer a limited number of wedding slots each year. Take a look at previous wedding photos here.
Looking for a thoughtful and unique gift for a loved one? Why not get them a voucher for a family photo shoot?
"A down to earth, friendly, professional photographer who is terrific with children/adults and produced some of the best photos of our family. We would highly

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.90165
Retrieved Text: Illustration of Herod's soldiers murdering baby boys as their mothers weep. One soldier wrenches a boy away from his mother as a young girl tries to stop him. Mothers cry over and hold their murdered babies. The city walls and stairways are visible in the background.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.831852
Retrieved Text: The boy drove back to the farm as fast as he could and told his grandfather what had happened. "Give me the truck," he begged. "I'll go to the city. He'll never find me there."
His grandfather gave him the truck, and the boy sped away. After he left, his grandfather went into town looking for Death. When he found him, he asked, "Why did you frighten my grandson that way? He is only sixteen. He is too young to die."
"I am sorry about that," said Death. "I did not mean to beckon to him. But I was surprised to see him here. You see, I have an appointment with him this afternoon - in the city."
Late one night, a biker was riding home along a dark country road. It was a Saturday night and it had just stopped raining. As he rounded a long curve, his headlight lit up a young woman standing at the side of the road. She was wearing a white dress and was all wet from the rain. He thought he knew what had happened: The girl had quarreled with her date and had chosen to walk home rather than stay with the guy. He skidded his Harley to a stop before the young woman could even raise her hand to thumb a ride.
He pulled up to her and killed the motor on the Panhead and looked her over carefully.
She slid onto the seat behind him and with a smile she said, "Would you take me home? I just live a mile

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.79991
Retrieved Text: Are Mel And Lacey From 'The Act' Based On Real Neighbors Of Gypsy Rose Blanchard?
In Hulu's "The Act," Lacey and Mel have a complicated mother-daughter relationship but not as complicated as that of their neighbors.
A secondary mother-daughter relationship is featured in “The Act,” a fictionalized and dramatized series that is based on the real-life events leading up to the murder of Clauddine “Dee Dee” Blanchard, who was killed by her own daughter Gypsy and her online boyfriend, Springfield, Missouri. It’s that of Mel and Lacey, neighbors of the Blanchard’s.
Mother Mel, played by actress Chloë Sevigny (pictured), and her daughter Lacey, played by AnnaSophia Robb, have a complicated relationship with Gypsy and “Dee Dee” in the series.
Mel, a tough but loving single mother, is immediately suspicious of Dee Dee. But her daughter Lacey takes an immediate liking to Gypsy.
“You go around, going out of your way, trying to be kind to everybody, people are going to try to take advantage of you,” Mel warned Lacey after Gypsy and her mom moved in next door.
As the series progresses, Mel and Lacey's relationship becomes more strained.
“Fine, I’ll go be neighborly on my own,” Lacey replied.
Truth be told, Gypsy and her mother, both in the show and in real life, were taking advantage of the kindness of others. Dee Dee allegedly forced Gypsy, from a young age, to pretend that she had leukemia, muscular dystrophy and other ailments in a suspected case of Munchausen by proxy. As “The Act,” an upcoming “character-based seasonal true-crime anthology series,” depicts on Hulu, instead

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.758625
Retrieved Text: AN AUTISTIC teen victim of a savage assault at a Sydney shopping mall has a simple, but shocking, answer when asked why he was targeted by the thugs.
SHOCKING video has emerged of a young autistic boy being savagely bashed by a gang of youths at a busy Sydney mall.
The 15-year-old boy is seen on the video standing with his head down as he types a message on his mobile phone. One of the youths shoulders him and causes him to stumble, while others in the gang stand around and watch. And film the encounter.
Then — without warning — another of the group runs at the boy from behind and shoulder charges him with such force the boy is knocked over onto a seat, his head cracking against it, and his mobile goes flying out of his hand and crashes to the ground.
The footage was shown last night on A Current Affair and was shot at Westpoint shopping centre in Blacktown, in western Sydney.
Because of their ages neither the offenders or the victim can be identified.
The boy’s devastated mother told ACA her son could have been killed.
His mother said she was heartbroken to see the footage.
She said watching it left her in “complete despair”.
The video was given to the mother by a third party. She told A Current Affair she was speaking out to send a message to young thugs and their families.
She said she actually felt sorry for the kids.
One teenager has been charged with assault over the attack and will appear in court next month.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.720997
Retrieved Text: And so it was agreed that the mother and father would travel to the next village to make arrangements with the family of the boy whom she would marry.
When her parents were away, the honest girl began to daydream about what her life was going to be like with her new husband. And then she began to daydream about what it would be like to have children. And then she began to daydream about what her children would be called.
She decided that she would have four children: three boys and one girl. She would call them Mulak, Jahaan, Dhesh, and Lutdi.
She imagined what it would be like to call out to her children when it was time for them to come in for dinner. The girl was so absorbed in her beautiful daydream that she climbed up onto the roof of her parents’ house and called out… ‘Mulak, Jahaan, Dhesh, Lutdi!’ And as the honest girl called out these names, the people of the village all stopped what they were doing and turned towards the house where the honest girl lived with her parents.
Then, one by one, they began to run towards the house because they thought that the girl was in trouble.
You see, in Punjabi, the names Mulak and Jahaan also mean ‘people’. And the name Dhesh means ‘land’. And, although Lutdi is a name one might give to a daughter, it can also mean ‘I am being attacked!’ And so you might understand why all of the villagers began to run towards the house

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.69003
Retrieved Text: It is commonly thought that moms are better than dads. The notion that the men should be the bread earners, and the moms should stay at home looking after the children still stands. Although it isn’t as strict as it was 40-50 years ago. It is presumed that the mother has more to do with the upbringing of the child, especially as a lot of moms are now single moms. But dad’s, before you begin raging we know this isn’t true. How many of you reading this have a daddy’s little girl? Or a boy who idolises you and can’t wait to see you when you come through the door? Exactly! But how do the roles of a mother and father differ. This article will explore a few.
At the start of the birth, the roles are pretty much equal. Mother’s obviously have the longer maternity leave, so they do get to bond more with the child. Both however, will feed, wash, clothe, and play with the child equally. The time dads loose during the day with work, they more than make up for on the evening. If the mom is breastfeeding, it is easier for them to bond. However milk can be pumped from the breast and then bottle fed to the baby so the same bonding experience is shared.
As they progress through the toddler into being a young child, this is where you’ll notice a slight difference in parenting. By now your child will have a firm favourite, whether it be clingy to mom’s leg

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.681763
Retrieved Text: A couple had been married for many years, and their son was old enough to date. One day the boy brought a girl over to dinner. The mother was thrilled with her son's choice and couldn't wait for the wedding. However, the father was upset and, eventually, the boy asked, "Dad, why don't you seem happy with her? Mom likes her a lot."
The father explained, "No son, there's nothing wrong with the girl. It's just that I cheated on your mother a long time ago, and the girl you've been dating is my daughter by that woman."
So the boy dumped her and found himself another girl. Again, he brought her home to the mother's delight, but the father again told him that this girl was actually his half-sister. The boy lost his temper and told his mother what his father had said.
Furious, the mother shouted, "Don't listen to him, sweetheart! He isn't even your father!"
theesha r u sure???naanum pakelaya?? unda matta side eppadi irukkum???
akka??atha naanga orukka sindi pathiruvom a??

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The mother instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing. The boy helps his younger sister brush his teeth. she... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: shows how to hit the mom and then kiss his dad as well.

Ending 2: brushes past the camera, looking better soon after.

Ending 3: glows from the center of the camera as a reaction.

Ending 4: gets them some water to gargle in their mouths.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.776485
Retrieved Text: Let me tell you a story about a young boy and his cat. The boy is very kind, caring and always does what he is told. He loves helping out his mom and taking care of others. He especially loves taking care of his cat.
Every night the young boy gets his pajamas on, reads a book, and brushes his teeth before bed. He loves reading to his cat and she loves the attention she gets from the boy. They read stories like, "That's Not My Bear," "Bubble Trouble," and "Miss Spider's Tea Party." The boy loves his cat very much.
One night the boy said to his dad, "Dad, I need to brush my teeth, so I think I should also brush the cat's teeth."
Dad said, "No. Cats don't need their teeth brushed. Besides she will not like it either. Please do not brush the cat's teeth."
This only made the boy more curious and he wanted with his whole heart to take care of his beloved kitty. "If I don't brush her teeth," he thought, "Then she will get sugar bugs in her mouth, just like I do if I don't brush my teeth. When I don't brush my teeth it makes Mommy mad. I must brush the cat's teeth."
Disregarding what his father had said, the boy quickly put toothpaste on his sister's toothbrush. Then he chased the cat down the hallway until he caught up with her. Swiftly he forced the toothbrush into the cat's mouth getting toothpaste on her chin and backside.
The cat meowed, and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 49.375423
Retrieved Text: Mother gives newborn baby a bath in kitchen sink.
Boy with underwear on his head, kisses mom who's changing baby diaper.
Boy upset as mom comforts him.
Girl playing in a field near a barn.
Family playing with cars in a boy's bedroom.
Little girl hands mom dandelion.
Father reads son a story on a summer day in his bedroom.
Little girl letting dog inside the home.
Little boy feeding his father grapes.
Little boy plays pirates outside on his playground.
Family hangs out together in kitchen.
Little boy falls down, loses his shoe and cracker.
Little girl looks at her baby sibling like a doll.
Dad puts daughter's shoes on while smiling with her.
Father holds baby while his feet stick out from under his arm.
Family goes for a walk while dad snuggles son and walks dog.
Man and woman hold hands while driving.
Family plays with children outside on a summer day.
Mom holds daughter up into sun rays.
Little girl peeking up over kitchen table.
Mother protecting son from water.
Mom and daughter both lick marshmallow from fingers at family bonfire.
Little boy hits dad in nose with stick as he's getting him out of car seat.
Young boy kisses newborn sibling while mother snuggles both.
Mom cleans baby's face while son goes potty and complains.
Mother shows son how to make a grass whistle.
Mother holds son upside down while playing in the snow.
Dad squirts son with hose outside.
Little girl tries to reach table as mom stands over her.
Toddler talks to mother who is holding newborn.
Family has campfire as dog smiles at camera.
Young man places cool cloth on newborn baby brother's head.
Mom pulls hair out of toddler's

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.61998
Retrieved Text: Billy always listens to his mother. He always does what she says. If his mother says, "Brush your teeth," Billy brushes his teeth. If his mother says, "Go to bed," Billy goes to bed. Billy is a very good boy. A good boy listens to his mother. His mother doesn't have to ask him again. She asks him to do something one time, and she doesn't ask again. Billy is a good boy. He does what his mother asks the first time. She doesn't have to ask again. She tells Billy, "You are my best child." Of course Billy is her best child. Billy is her only child.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.102272
Retrieved Text: Access your Dashboard by logging in to our members-only area.
Questions about Denplan payment plans?
As part of our Big Family Brush-Up campaign, we were delighted to recently speak to leading children’s author, Heather Maisner, about her Dinosaur Douglas series. The books offer an exciting, fun way to explore health-related subjects, including oral health, vitamin D, hand-washing and obesity, for Early Years children.
Heather’s first book in the series, Dinosaur Douglas and the Beastly Bugs, is a fantastic resource to inspire younger children to brush their teeth and understand how sugar can affect their oral health.
1. What inspired you to write the first Dinosaur Douglas book, Dinosaur Douglas and the Beastly Bugs, which focuses on oral health?
“I was at a mutual friend’s party and was introduced to Kate Barnard, Consultant in Paediatric Dentistry at Chelsea & Westminster Hospital. During our conversation, she mentioned the shocking statistics surrounding children’s oral health and that tooth decay remains the number one reason why children aged five to nine years old are admitted to hospital in England. I was sorry to hear how severe the issues were and when Kate learnt that I was a children’s author, we decided to join forces and create a book to help children understand the importance of good oral health, and to try and help tackle the startling rates of childhood tooth decay.
2. How important is it for children to understand good oral health habits from an early age?
3. How does the book encourage children to take good care of their teeth?
“Although I didn’t originally plan it,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.055115
Retrieved Text: Brushing toddler teeth can be very interesting through the toddler years. Depending on your child it can be either hard or easy. If other parents can relate with our son, it was quite a task. He certainly fell on the "hard side", and hated brushing his teeth. I decided to come up with some different ways on making it fun, and so he could learn good habits at the same time.
Here are just some simple tips that worked for our family. As you know your child is different everyday. Toddlers can be moody. For the most part these tips did work and I did not feel like I ran a race after brushing his teeth. So get on your sneakers and let's start brushing!!!
1. Toddler Toothbrush. Make sure that it is designed for a toddler and has soft bristles. This is very important for their toddler years. You can purchase these in the infant section of a department store. You can also find these brushes in with the adult section as well.
2. Toddler Toothpaste. Very Important that you purchase Toddler toothpaste and not kids. The Toddler toothpaste does not contain fluoride and is safe to swallow. You can purchase this in the infant section or the toothpaste aisle of any department store.
3. Their own cup. I purchase the Dixie cup disposable cups. You can buy cartoon characters, or any kid friendly kind your child will like. These are also great for sanitary reasons. I think these are great!!.
That was the easy part right?. Now we can

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.331554
Retrieved Text: The best way to protect your child's dental health is to get them to brush their teeth on a daily basis as early as possible. Tooth decay can begin as soon as teeth start appearing in your child's mouth. The Canadian Institute for Health reports that roughly 19,000 preschoolers every year require surgery to fill cavities, treat severe tooth decay, and perform tooth extractions – this equals to one out of every 100 preschoolers in Canada having advanced dental issues annually. Here is how you can protect your preschooler's teeth and help them develop healthy dental habits.
You can start teaching your child about good dental practices before they even have teeth sprouting up in their mouths. After each feeding, moisten a soft cloth and run it over your infant's gums. You don't have to use toothpaste at this point as the plaque is easily wiped away. Once teeth start appearing, you should move to a soft bristled brush to clean your child's teeth and gums. Performing the brushing ritual on a consistent basis helps to instill the practice early in your baby's life.
Most children don't jump for joy at the prospect of sitting still for a couple of minutes while a toothbrush is rubbed up and down their teeth and around their gums. To combat the boredom a child feels (which can lead to them rebelling against brushing their teeth), you should try to make the teeth brushing time fun. Some toothbrush manufacturers include a line of toothbrushes that appeals to young children in their product

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.24061
Retrieved Text: Although milk teeth will someday be substituted by permanent teeth, it's important to take care of them from the moment when they start emerging in your baby's mouth. They will stay there for a long time - they will fall out only between six and twelve years. Proper milk teeth care guarantees healthy permanent teeth in the future. The appearance of first small teeth is very important, as they enable biting and chewing as well as correct speech. If they fall out too soon, the child can have problems with eating and might have to wear dental braces in order to adjust his bite to future permanent teeth. Inflammations of milk teeth have a negative effect on the condition of permanent teeth.
How to take care of baby's teeth?
Before your child even develops milk teeth, you should clean his gums with sterile gauze moistened with boiled water. It's also good to accustom your baby to a toothbrush, by letting him play with it for a while and allowing him to put it in his mouth. Start cleaning his teeth as soon as his first tooth erupts. Do it regularly in the morning and in the evening. You can encourage an older child to participate in cleaning his teeth, but it is you who should always make sure that the teeth are clean. First, buy a gum massager and a finger toothbrush (first baby toothbrush). When your child grows, you can start using a toothbrush suitable for your child's current stage of development. Use only special children's toothpaste

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.143482
Retrieved Text: Are Your Kids Brushing and Flossing Properly?
Tooth decay is the most common chronic childhood disease, and children lose millions of school hours every year because of dental-related issues.
That’s why it’s so important that children brush twice a day for at least two minutes, using a cavity protection toothpaste. Brush your teeth alongside your child -- it’s fun for them to “copy” you, and you’re setting a great example for them.
Teach them how to brush the outer surface of their teeth along the gum line, using a gentle circular motion, and brush the chewing surfaces. Then show them how to brush the insides of their front teeth by holding the brush vertically, and using short up-and-down strokes.
If your child is fussy during brushing time, remember that distraction often works wonders with little ones. Try to make it more fun by singing a song while they brush, or reciting their favourite nursery rhyme.
Kids should floss once a day to remove plaque and food particles from between their teeth and below the gumline. If they brush regularly but skip the floss, they’re actually missing as much as 30% of the tooth surface.
Younger children often struggle with flossing the traditional way, so pick up some plastic-handled flossing devices for them to try. Their little fingers can grasp them more easily, and if they know they can do it, they’ll be more encouraged to do it daily. You can even buy special flossers for kids that have their favourite characters on them!
If you have any questions about kids brushing and flossing,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.09537
Retrieved Text: Cleaning the teeth of children or the problem of learning to brush their teeth is something all parents face at some time. While no one will deny how important it is to instill this habit, which will help to keep the teeth of your children for years to come.
1. to Remove plaque accumulated on the gums.
2. the Child gradually gets used to the feeling of a clean mouth, and if it happens, then it will be easier to teach him the procedures necessary to maintain that sensation.
3. Your baby gets used to a foreign “presence” in the mouth. Later it will be easier to brush his teeth and just later dental procedures will be perceived not so sharply.
The first teeth usually appear around 6 months after birth. Time is sometimes quite heavy due to increased saliva production or irritation when teething. When the first teeth appear, you need each day to remove plaque with a cotton swab. If your child is not used to the fact that his mouth might be something else, the process becomes more complex. But if you have to battle, to win her you must! And bacteria in no case should not remain on the teeth of your child.
Parents care about the cleanliness of children’s teeth until around 8 years. Usually the younger children lack the manual skills to complete the cleaning. But to remove plaque is necessary since the decay affects children’s teeth faster than adults.
No need to use a large amount of toothpaste, enough ball the size of a pea,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.00553
Retrieved Text: GUM Star Wars Toothbrushes are awesome for your little Jedi!
My little Braxton has always hated brushing his teeth! It has been a constant struggle his entire young life to get him to brush his teeth. I have honestly had to pin him down, sit on him, and brush his teeth FOR him while he screamed bloody murder! (At least when he hollered, I could get into ohis mouth more easily.) As he got a little older and recently had to have five teeth pulled due to decay, Braxton finally learned that in order to prevent any more unpleasant dental work, he would need to take brushing his remaining teeth a little more seriously.
With the new GUM Star Wars Toothbrushes, Braxton is actually happy and excited to brush his teeth like a big boy!
The Darth Vader Power Toothbrush is gentle, yet powerful enough to let me know that my child is getting a pretty good cleaning. It has soft bristles, and a suction cup at the bottom so your child can stick it on thebathroom counter when they are done brushing.
The Star Wars Lightsaber Toothbrush is especially great in the fact that it has a built in timer. The "lightsaber' handle has colored LED lights that flash for 1 minute intervals to help kids like my son to brush longer.
GUM is currently hosting the GUM Brush Like a Jedi sweepstakes on their Facebook page.
*You can get a special coupon code to receive $1.00 off of the GUM® Star Wars™ Manual Toothbrush Twinpack. Just visitGumBrand.com and enter the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.733025
Retrieved Text: Or should I call this article, ‘The trick to tricking your kids to brush their teeth’?
For a Mother’s Day article in a local newspaper, I was asked about the best words of wisdom my darling mother gave me. In amongst the other suggestions from well known QLD personalities like ‘Be true to yourself’, ‘Work on your personality because your looks will fade’ and ‘Think about others’, my advice was simply: ‘Clean your teeth’.
My Mum was a dental nurse and her obsessive-compulsive disorder for brushing our pegs paid off — all her children are cavity free. The only advice she neglected to share was how to make them do it. Right now you would think brushing my daughter’s teeth was a nightly ‘brush with death’ for her. Millie acts like I’m coming at her with a dentist drill when I pull out her little pink princess tooth brush and it usually ends in some kind of head lock, arms flailing about, screams of torture and the neighbours putting up For Sale signs to move as far away from loud, weird neighbours as possible.
I have a new appreciation for Mum as she did this with FIVE children and not a glass of wine in sight. She should win mother of the millennium. In the meantime I’m really letting the family pride down, and I’m afraid Millie will be the first two-year-old on the planet with dentures.
Any dentist will tell you that teaching a child to care for their teeth from a young age will be an investment in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.565884
Retrieved Text: In honor of Pet Dental Health Month. we are sharing PetSafe’s Fresh Facts about Pet Dental Health Facts Infographic.
Every pet parent must know that periodontal disease is the most common clinical issue among dogs and cats. Statistics shows that eight out of 10 pets will have periodontal issues by age three. Do you know the leading symptom? Bad breath is the major cause of periodontal disease, an infection of the gums. A healthy dog with healthy teeth should not have bad breath. Doggy bad breath is not common even in senior dogs.
The most effective way to care for your pet dental health is by brushing. Brushing you pet’s teeth regularly helps prevent tooth and gum disease.For many pet parents, brushing can be challenging as many pets don’t like to get their teeth brushed.
PetSafe offers three simple pet dental health solutions. PetSafe created 3 Nourishing indigoTM Dental Treats. These indigoTM dental treats contains hexamethaphosphate (HMP which freshen breath, safely removes plaque and reduce tartar up to 80%.
1) indigoTM Fresh Floss Bones are textured dental chews for extra deep cleaning action. These dental treats are easy to digest, grain free and formulated with no artificial flavors, colors or preservative. It’s signature light blue color comes from natural fruit juices and blueberries.
2) indigoTM Fresh Dental Sticks are crunchy, low calorie dental snack that help remove plaque and tartar. These treats contain premium ingredients for an all-natural chicken and blueberry flavor. These savory dental treats also gives your dog minty-fresh breath.
3) indigoTM Fresh Dental Sauce is a food topper. It

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.249527
Retrieved Text: All the time I was growing up in the fifties, I never used or heard about floss or electric toothbrushes (they probably weren’t invented yet!). I brushed manually then and for much of my adult life.
When my dentist first started telling me to use dental floss, I adamantly refused, thinking it was the stupidest idea since unsliced bread. When my dental hygienist suggested I buy an electric toothbrush from her office, I thought, woman you’re just trying to sell me something. The day I’m not strong enough to manually brush my own teeth is the day I cash in!
I was waiting for that magic mouth wash that would rid me of plaque and tooth dirt with a simple swish or two a day.
When Dad was in his sixties, he had all of his teeth pulled (due to gingivitis I think) and used dentures. When Mom died at 79, she had four teeth. Neither of them used floss or electric toothbrushes. When my Aunt died at 85, she had a full set of her own teeth. She cared for her teeth.
I guess I’m kind of like that Missouri mule, the one you have to hit over the head to get their attention before anything else can happen. Seeing what happened to my parents and aunt was my ‘hit over the head’. I’m betting that my genetic makeup has a lot to do with how long my teeth last, but I finally saw the light on taking my dentist’s advice!
I now use both an electric toothbrush and dental

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.21894
Retrieved Text: Getting your kids brushing their teeth correctly is vital for good oral hygiene. According to dental hygienist Kim Czerwonka and her fellow hygienists at Dr. Todd S. Sheppard Dentistry in Calgary , there are a number of ways to encourage kids to brush, and to do so effectively.... Teaching Kids to Brush Their Teeth. Make sure you are brushing long enough and getting all sides of the teeth. If your child wants to be in control, let them brush first.
20/07/2018 · In this Article: Making a Habit of Healthy Teeth Teaching the Right Way to Brush Making Brushing Fun Community Q&A 8 References. Teaching your child to brush his or her teeth …... One of the most important things you can teach your child about his or her oral health is how to brush teeth properly. Teaching kids to brush their teeth is not always easy to do.
When it's time to teach your little ones to brush, here's a great guide to help get you (and them) started. Read more about it here.... Until your child is about 2 to 3 years old, it's best to brush her teeth for her, until she has the level of motor coordination and attention to detail needed to properly care for her teeth on her own.
Caring for children’s teeth is important to prevent cavities and maintain healthy smiles. Parents can help children take care of their teeth, make it fun, and promote healthy habits until children are able to brush their teeth independently.... February is Dental Health Month. It’s

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.16569
Retrieved Text: Dr. Therese O’Sullivan is a dietitian, lecturer and mother to two young boys. She also happens to one of my closest friends, having spent many mornings and afternoons sharing a commute with her to and from school each day on the train, playing in sporting teams together, sitting through classes together and hanging out every lunch break.
Over the years, life circumstances and distance meant our relationship grew apart somewhat until the powerful bond of motherhood drew us back together. I was so grateful and honoured, therefore, when Therese agreed to write the very first guest post for PPCK on a topic that I am sure we have all struggled with at some point – nappy changes and tooth brushing.
Upon hearing about RIE (Resources for Infant Educarers) from Kate when my first-born was little, many of the principles made sense. However, it wasn’t until my cheeky monkey started pushing boundaries that I really saw RIE work its magic.
Two experiences have stood out – nappy changing and tooth brushing.
Mr 1 year old was refusing to lie calmly for his nappy change on the change table mat, preferring to run around the house like a manic. He was like Hansel and Gretel leaving a trail of breadcrumbs around the place. Except he wasn’t using breadcrumbs!
Kate suggested offering a him a choice by asking Mr 1 where he would like his nappy changed. She explained that toddlers have a strong desire for autonomy and respond well to feeling a degree of control over matters involving their care.
Within a couple of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.92102
Retrieved Text: Infants should visit the dentist as soon as the first tooth comes in or no later than age one. Tiny teeth can get cavities too. Get to know the dentist early so that your child’s smile can stay healthy for years to come.
Help your child try a variety of healthy foods. Fruits, vegetables, nuts and whole grains are healthy foods for teeth. Milk, yogurt and cheese are full of calcium and other minerals that strengthen teeth.
Drink water. Save the milk, juice and other drinks for meal time. Cavities form fast when children sip on drinks other than water all day long.
Avoid sticky foods. Foods that stick in the teeth cause cavities faster. Common culprits are raisins, crackers and of course, candy.
How often a child snacks affects their dental health too. Limit foods with starches and sugars to meal time only. Allow your child to snack on fruits, vegetables, whole grains and cheese between meals.
Germs that cause cavities are passed from parents to their children. Avoid sharing forks, spoons and straws with your child. Never put pacifiers, toys or other items in your mouth and then into your child's mouth.
Make sure the whole family has good dental health. Healthy mouths are less likely to spread cavity-causing germs.
Brush morning and night. Children need an adult to brush for them until they can tie their own shoes. Brush all parts of the teeth. Brush slowly. It takes time to do a good job.
Use fluoride toothpaste. Fluoride helps teeth resist cavities. Spit or wipe out the extra toothpaste. Children age

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.915085
Retrieved Text: After babies have started teething, what are you supposed to do to take care of them?
When my daughter started teething at 5 months, we first started with my of those very soft baby washcloths and wiped/rubbed her gums every night before bed. As she got more and more teeth, we switched over to one of those rubbery baby toothbrushes that fit over your pointer finger and used that with water. Once she had close to a full set of teeth, we started using a "training" toothbrush and training toothpaste (the kind without flouride).
I tried to wash cloth and she would just bite down. So I tried the slip on finger kind and she would bite that too. I started to use the learner toothbrush and toothpaste with no flouride and she will do it herself but not very good. She wont the the scrubbing motions so I just let her chew on it for a little while and I try to take over. She seems to not like when I brush her two front top teeth and will put her lip down and tightly hold it...how should I clean her front top teeth, any tips?
We just used the glycerin toothpaste and a gum brush until she had enough teeth to justify a toddler toothbrush. Brush twice a day. It might not seem necessary, but it gets you in the habit which really helps the child to develop good oral hygiene.
Get a toddler toothbrush/toothpaste and just try to instill those practices of twice a day brushing and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.687157
Retrieved Text: Sentry Petrodex Deluxe Finger Toothbrush for Dogs & Cats is an easy-to-use finger toothbrush for dogs and cats helps to remove plaque and food debris while massaging gums. It is gentle, flexible and has an added safety ring for security while using.
Gentle and flexible for easy use, with an added safety ring to ensure it stays in place. Longer length fits over knuckle for security.
Slide the Sentry Petrodex Advanced Dental Care Deluxe Finger Toothbrush for cats and dogs over your index finger, and place your thumb through the safety loop. Press thumb against palm of hand, and cover thumb with remaining free fingers. Apply a mall dab of Sentry Petrodex Advanced Dental Care toothpaste onto the bristles. Slip your finger inside your pet's cheek and using a small circular motion, brush along the teeth and gum line.
This product is of very poor design. Putting it on your index finger....if it fits, and hooking on the apposing thumb, leaves very little room for finger movement. I am a woman with med to large hands and it won't slip past the second knuckle. I don't think that if would fit a mans finger. I wouldn't recommend this product.
This is the first time I've used a stiffer finger toothbrush on my dog. The bristles are shorter than other toothbrushes I've used. It does a great job and stays stead on my finger with or without using the ring holder. I am impressed.
I brush my dogs teeth a few times per week. He chewed regular toothbrushes as I brushed, and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.550007
Retrieved Text: Tongue brushing is too often overlooked, and even more so in older age. While brushing your teeth will always be essential in retaining oral health, it is much less effective unless you brush your tongue daily as well.
As some people get older, they brush their teeth less often or for less time. Some seniors simply fall asleep early and forget to brush. Remember, don't let anything get in the way of your oral health!
If you haven't been the "healthiest" eater throughout your life, now is a great time to start. One way of truly improving and retaining oral health is to eat and drink healthier foods. Try to eat more green and raw vegetables, eat whole wheat, and drink less fatty milk products.
By now you know that too much refined sugar is certainly no good for your teeth. Try to cut out refined sugars from your diet as much as possible. However, we know some patients never loose their sweet tooth. Thankfully, these days there are hundreds of healthy snacks and desserts on the market with sugar alternatives that are just as delicious as other sweets.
Although dentures are not real teeth, you should always treat them as such. Brush them daily and keep them in the best of shape. This will save you both embarrassment and money in the end, and leave you with a bright and beautiful smile to share.
No matter how healthy your teeth are, it is important to make yearly visits to your dentist. Your dentist will provide you with the best services

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.403824
Retrieved Text: It can certainly be a challenge to get your children to brush their teeth properly. One of the more common issues is not brushing your teeth long enough. Dentists recommended that you spend roughly two minutes brushing your teeth. For a young child that may feel like an eternity, but there are ways to help this time go by quicker than he thinks. Creating a timer to brush teeth is a fun way to make brushing teeth no longer a battle between you and your child.
Keeping a timer in the bathroom is one quick and easy way to ensure your child is brushing their teeth for the recommended two minutes. There are lots of fun and cute timers that may appeal to your child. There are even some designed specifically for the purpose of brushing teeth and are set to chime after two minutes. Whichever design you choose to go with, a simple timer will help your child understand how long brushing teeth actually takes and will keep him on track.
Having your child brush his teeth to his favorite song is one creative way to create a timer to brush teeth to that will help him give his teeth the amount of attention that they need. Depending on the length of the song you can have him brush to the entire tune or have "spit breaks" where he can sing along to the chorus and resume brushing again. This is not only fun for your child, but it will keep his attention from the amount of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.296555
Retrieved Text: Turn brushing teeth with your child into a positive experience after every meal and at bedtime with Baby Buddy's Brilliant Child Toothbrush of the Brilliant Oral Care System. The program guides you with innovative oral care products that grow with your child from birth. Starting from the Foundations and through Teething & Budding, the products are designed to take care of budding baby teeth with state of the art, safe and soft products that children love to chew on. During Teeth Eruption & Development, the program progresses to distinctive toothbrushes for ages 4 months to 5 years that easily clean those hard-to-reach places where food and plaque can build up and cause cavities and other oral problems. The Brilliant Toothbrush revolutionizes the industry with its innovative design featuring bristles 360 degrees around the toothbrush head that are devised specifically for your child’s tender teeth and gums. Over 14,000 short but highly elastic bristles gently massage gums and effectively clean the cheek and gums. And because of its unique design, brushing is always at a 45 degree angle, allowing parents to train kids, juniors, and pre-teens to brush teeth, tongue, and gums without needing to twist their wrist. This unique patented design can be used with water only to clean teeth to help remove harmful bacteria and sugar buildup that typically causes tooth decay. Developed in partnership with the Osaka University Infant Dental Clinic, the Brilliant Toothbrush effectively removes almost twice as much plaque as conventional, one-sided toothbrushes, when brushing for 2 minutes. The Brilliant Toothbrush has

########
Rank: 21
Score: 42.154243
Retrieved Text: Passing on good oral health habits to your child is one of the most important lessons you can teach. This means brushing twice a day, showing the proper way to floss, limiting between-meal snacks and seeing your dentist regularly.
Most dentists recommend that children start their dental visits by the age of two. This gives your dentist a chance to monitor your child’s dental growth, and you a chance to learn about tooth development, fluoride, proper oral hygiene, dealing with oral habits (such as pacifier use), diet and nutrition, and how to prevent oral injuries.
Always emphasize that a dental visit is a positive experience. Explain to your child that visiting the dentist helps maintain good oral health. By fostering a positive attitude, you’ll increase the chances that your child will see a dentist regularly throughout life.
Teaching your child proper oral care at a young age is an investment in their health that will pay lifelong dividends. You can start by setting an example; taking good care of your own teeth sends a message that oral health is something to be valued. And anything that makes taking care of teeth fun, like brushing along with your child or letting them choose their own toothbrush, encourages proper oral care.
The cases of early childhood decay in small children is rising, but there is good news: tooth decay can be prevented with proper education and preventative care. While convincing your child to take better care of his or her teeth isn’t easy, below are a list of suggestions and ideas to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 42.0128
Retrieved Text: Amy took to brushing her teeth like a fish to water, but a lot of my friends struggled to get their kids to brush their teeth and establish a successful dental routine. Some kids didn’t want to open their mouth for the tooth brush, others didn’t like the taste of their tooth paste. So how do you make sure that their pearly whites stay that way and get your kids to brush their teeth without fear?
I have asked my blogging buddies how they have convinced their children to brush regularly and for the right amount of time and here is what they have come up with.
Andrea from All You Need Is Love and Cake suggested to “take them to the dentist as early as possible when you are having your check up and ask the dentist to look in their mouth too.” It’s a great way to show your children the importance of a good dental hygiene and gets them used to the environment of a dental practice.
Sometimes though, a little outside help is needed. Cass from Diary of a Frugal Family uses an egg timer to ensure that her kids are brushing for long enough. Liz from Me and my Shadow gets a singing toothbrush to keep her 5 year old entertained and Donna from Little Little Pad and Anya from Older Single Mum use the Aquafresh and Brush With Jackson apps to bring a bit of fun into the bathroom.
Sarah from Boo, Roo and Tigger Too gave her children an element of control by

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.912777
Retrieved Text: Stephen P. Brown, 59, passed away Oct. 21, 2009, at Hartford Hospital surrounded by his loving family. He was born in Greeley, Colo., to Mildred L. (VanBeber) Brown and the late Carl A. Brown Jr. Stephen attended Greeley High School and received his Bachelor of Fine Arts from CSU in Fort Collins, Colo., and his Master of Fine Arts from Brooklyn College in New York City. He also studied in Vienna, Austria, and at the Skowhegan School of Painting in Maine. Stephen was a full professor at the Hartford Art School, University of Hartford. He was a fellow at Yaddo in Saratoga Springs, N.Y., won an Academy Award for painting from the American Academy of Arts and Letters in New York, and was a member of the National Academy of Design, New York. His paintings are in the collections of the Hofstra Museum, New York; Albany Museum, Georgia; New Britain Museum of American Art, Connecticut; Speed Art Museum, Kentucky; New York Academy of Design and the Mattatuck Museum, Connecticut. He is represented by the Forum Gallery in New York. Stephen was also a resident at Millay Colony for the Arts in Austerlitz, New York.
Stephen is survived by his wife of 27 years, Gretchen Treitz Brown of Granville; his children, Rushton J.T. Brown and Hannah E.V. Brown, both of Granville; his mother, Mildred L. Ballard of Sun City Center, Fla.; his sister, Linda Brown-Larson of Snellville, Ga.; and several nieces and nephews.
A funeral service will be held at 10 a.m. Monday, Oct. 26, 2009, in the Pilgrim

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.79842
Retrieved Text: Review on Philips Sonicare HX6311/07 (Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush for Kids) has been expertly designed for growing kids in order to support healthy brushing habits and deliver outstanding results.
I have utilized a good number of electric toothbrushes through the years such as Sonicare, Oral-B, and Panasonic. However, I didn't understand that Sonicare made a decent quality electric toothbrush for kids. I've purchased my young boy an assortment of reasonable battery worked toothbrushes, for example, spin brush, yet they appear to be so brutal and don't have profit of having an implicit clock.
My 5 year old boy has been utilizing this toothbrush for over each month now, and I'm exceedingly satisfied with what my boy is getting from Philips Sonicare HX6311/07. He is brushing for a full 3 minutes now, contrasted with the 40 second brushes that he did earlier. It was dependably a battle to get him to brush his teeth in the recent past; however he appreciates utilizing this Sonicare toothbrush for kids. My just dissention is that the brush heads are costly, yet that is normal with this sort of item. Then again, if this toothbrush forestalls even a solitary hole, then the included expense is worth the trouble.
Don't put any brand of the electric toothbrush on the charger regularly, despite the fact that the producer suggests it. They truly just need to be charged once every few days. All rechargeable batteries have a restricted life cycle of pretty nearly 300 charges, after which the battery begins to weaken rather rapidly. By just charging the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.769627
Retrieved Text: Over the past year I have talked to many pet owners who do not regularly, or ever, clean their pets’ teeth. Oh, did I hit a nerve? Are you one of them? Let February 2018 be the beginning of this important element of your pet’s life.
Yes life. Just like humans, serious diseases and even death can occur from neglecting those pearly choppers. Death, are you kidding me? I’m not. Many years ago my vet told me a story about his own mother’s dog dying because she never took care of it’s teeth. Over time the dog’s gingivitis escalated, became septic and died. That is an extreme case, however, it’s not an isolated incident.
You’re in luck! I can help you get past the procrastination of starting this fun task. Yeah, make it fun! You’ll be surprised once you begin how happy and excited your pet will be when it’s teeth cleaning time. For those of you who already brush your pet’s teeth regularly….you rock.
In the past twelve months I have gone from three dogs to one. Nick is a 5 year old Norwegian Elkhound. When his sisters were alive, boy did we have fun at brush time. All three lined up, not as interested in the act of brushing, but more about getting to the yummy toothpaste.
When Nick sees the toothpaste tube he literally comes running. I have to clean him on the carpet or he slides all over the place. He sits between my legs and as I reach for his mouth, he tilts his head.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.576317
Retrieved Text: Getting your child to follow a healthy dental routine is easier said than done. Kids don’t have the same mindset for hygiene responsibility like us adults. They always have to be reminded when to brush their teeth and explained why they should.
If you’re a parent who’s worried about your child’s dental health, it’s time to offer help to your little one. With the right technique, you can even do it in a fun and hassle-free way. Here are amusing ways to encourage your children to look after their teeth.
Experts say that children should learn to brush their teeth from the age of two, with assistance from their parents. Good dental hygiene at an early age will fend off plaque, cavities, and many major dental problems they might experience later on in life. A healthy oral hygiene routine includes a full mouth cleaning at least once a day which includes brushing, flossing and using mouthwash.
The best way to teach oral hygiene is to join your child in his brushing routine. Children look up to their parents. This is why leading by example is the best way to teach them proper dental care habits.
Brush your teeth in front of your child and have them brush theirs too. While brushing together show your child good brushing techniques. By teaching them how to brush properly, they will learn to do it on their own.
It is customary to change toothbrush at least every three months. This is to make sure that the bristles maintain their scrubbing ability and bacteria don’t accumulate

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.42678
Retrieved Text: Dr. Terry Vines of the Redlands area is a dentist who also provides his patients with orthodontic treatments. Patients who visit Pure Gold Professionals in Dentistry are welcome to learn about the two treatments he provides which include traditional metal bracket and wire braces and Invisalign, a clear aligner treatment. Using some of the latest technologies, his practice takes a step above the rest in providing orthodontic services and avoiding the need to refer patients to another specialist whom they do not know and trust as they do him. Dr. Terry Vines takes pride in offering his patients dental solutions that fit their lifestyles and budget.
One aspect of orthodontia that requires special attention is care. Both traditional braces and Invisalign have their own set of oral care suggestions.
Traditional braces use metal brackets glued to the teeth and wires to hold them together and help them in repositioning the smile. When traditional braces are placed on the teeth, it can greatly affect one's oral health. It can be difficult to get between the brackets and wires to brush and floss effectively. Patients who have braces placed on their teeth are encouraged to speak with Dr. Terry Vines about special flossing devices that can help in getting floss thread through the braces and between the teeth. Patients should also be diligent about brushing after every meal as food particles can easily be stuck between wires and teeth. Brushing can eliminate plaque and tartar, which can develop around the brackets and result in cavities and even discoloration of the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.379745
Retrieved Text: Toothbrushing may not be the most fun activity for children but it is absolutely necessary for a healthy life. Here’s how parents can encourage their children to brush by making toothbrushing fun!
For children, it can be tough to brush for two minutes at a time. This is because it’s difficult to keep young children still and focused on brushing their teeth for two minutes. You can help your child have more fun by letting them brush while watching a tooth brushing video. These educational videos help guide children through brushing their teeth, and each lasts at least two minutes. We suggest finding one that you deem appropriate for your child, and one that they will enjoy watching.
An electric toothbrush or spinbrush is an appealing option for children just beginning to brush, since they require less dexterity and physical motion to operate. Additionally, most electric toothbrushes feature brushing timers which ensures that they brush for two minutes at a time. We suggest looking for an electric toothbrush specifically made for children that is easy for them to hold, and has a head that fits in their mouth comfortably. It is not necessary to go for a pricey version – just choose one your child is excited about!
The American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry advises that children brush their teeth twice per day, for two minutes at a time. The time limit helps ensure that all of the bad bacteria found in plaque is scrubbed off of teeth, which prevents tartar buildup and cavities. Make sure your child brushes

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.314156
Retrieved Text: We all want responsible, caring, healthy, happy children. Add any number of positive adjectives to the list, and we want it for our kids. The job of raising highly conscious children is not always an easy one. Here are some ways in which your family can progress in the area of consciousness-raising.
It starts with the small things. Finding age-appropriate tasks your child can do will add to his sense of responsibility to pull his weight in the family unit. A two-year-old can generally put away his own plate once he has finished a meal. A one-year-old cannot.
A five-year-old can pick up his toys before bedtime and put his pajamas away in the morning. Make these simple tasks routine for your children. If you do, they won’t think twice when you ask them to take out the trash when they are older.
You don’t have to be Buddha to teach your child compassion. While your oldest child may not feel much compassion for his younger brother who breaks his block towers or favorite toys, you might want to start out with animals as an example.
Getting a household pet is one way to teach your child about responsibility and compassion. You might not be ready for that commitment, so here are some other ways to achieve the same thing.
If you see a ladybug, have your child hold it and talk about respect for all living things. Encourage your child to make a nest for the ladybug and to care for it. My children started a snail farm for a

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: She gets them some water to gargle in their mouths. The boy and girl begin playing in the sink. the woman... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: shakes her head in disbelief and waves at her.

Ending 2: laughs at the children dribbling water.

Ending 3: comes back and talks to the boys.

Ending 4: gets some food out of the fridge and they continue playing together.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.61536
Retrieved Text: Mother gives newborn baby a bath in kitchen sink.
Boy with underwear on his head, kisses mom who's changing baby diaper.
Boy upset as mom comforts him.
Girl playing in a field near a barn.
Family playing with cars in a boy's bedroom.
Little girl hands mom dandelion.
Father reads son a story on a summer day in his bedroom.
Little girl letting dog inside the home.
Little boy feeding his father grapes.
Little boy plays pirates outside on his playground.
Family hangs out together in kitchen.
Little boy falls down, loses his shoe and cracker.
Little girl looks at her baby sibling like a doll.
Dad puts daughter's shoes on while smiling with her.
Father holds baby while his feet stick out from under his arm.
Family goes for a walk while dad snuggles son and walks dog.
Man and woman hold hands while driving.
Family plays with children outside on a summer day.
Mom holds daughter up into sun rays.
Little girl peeking up over kitchen table.
Mother protecting son from water.
Mom and daughter both lick marshmallow from fingers at family bonfire.
Little boy hits dad in nose with stick as he's getting him out of car seat.
Young boy kisses newborn sibling while mother snuggles both.
Mom cleans baby's face while son goes potty and complains.
Mother shows son how to make a grass whistle.
Mother holds son upside down while playing in the snow.
Dad squirts son with hose outside.
Little girl tries to reach table as mom stands over her.
Toddler talks to mother who is holding newborn.
Family has campfire as dog smiles at camera.
Young man places cool cloth on newborn baby brother's head.
Mom pulls hair out of toddler's

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.08856
Retrieved Text: Happy Thursday Mamas! Some days I can’t believe that it’s been five years since having twins. Five years, and they are officially little kids. Not toddlers or preschoolers but kids who are going to kindergarten this year and man time flies even faster with multiples. Looking back on life since the twins arrived, there are several things I realized in 5 years raising twins.
Three is easier than two they said. Four is easier than three they said. As I think back on the last five years I can’t point out a time where things truly got easier. Three was harder than two and four not much different. Challenges changed and different things got easier but as they did other things got harder.
The twins still have days where they fight non-stop and it gets more dangerous as they get older. Each year their vocabulary increases offering awesome stories and extra sides of sass. As they get older their wants change and they begin to become more vocal about them but their personalities start to shine through.
I’ve learned to do a quick scan before leaving a room. Pens, clippers, anything that can be used as a weapon or projectile. A load of laundry or a quick trip to the bathroom can have devastating effects on the rooms you leave. There are still moments I question out how they accomplished such destruction in mere seconds but teamwork amongst twins is a powerful thing. Using each other as step stools, egging each other on, playing lookout for each other, and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.299866
Retrieved Text: It's not that wierd but i find it funny and can sit and do it forever. for some reason it makes me chuckle.
A few of my leos do this Lucky, Speedball, and Domino. When i have them out and their all nice and cozy i will start "rubbing" (petting whichever word you want to put there) them i'll slowly make my way to thier head (i don't want to startle them to fast) I will start to rub the side of their mouths and they do this VERY slow open mouth i'm gonna bite you, but i can't quite reach thing. Kinda like if you tried biting your ear right now. Go on try it, it's fun.(lol) It's quite hillarious to me.
Other than that the cat upstairs is COMPLETLY in control of the WHOLE entire house, even by boyfriend that hates most mammals. If you don't do exaclty what the cat wants he will give you an earfull!!! If he's standing at the gate leading in to the kitchen he will give one polite meow, but if you don't answer his call the first time, boy you'll never hear the end of it. And forget about water in the bowl, he has to have the bathroom sink water. He will stand in front of the bathroom door and "yell" until someone opens the door and turns on the sink, and your damned if you try to help him out. Btw the cat is somewhere around 13-14 years old.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.281284
Retrieved Text: Getting braces comes with some inevitable adjustments. When braces are first put on, patients will need to get used to the pressure they apply in order to shift the teeth into their desired positions. Of course, patients who get more traditional wire-and-bracket braces will need to get used to the new found objects in their mouths. Braces patients will also need to get accustomed to the maintenance required for braces, such as regular cleaning and wearing accessories and appliances like rubber bands and headgear.
Every braces patient will experience some level of discomfort after their braces are first put on. This is because braces apply a significant amount of pressure on the teeth which immediately causes them to begin shifting. For this reason, the pressure, soreness, and pain are necessary for the teeth to move into their new, straight positions in the mouth. Braces pain and discomfort will vary among different patients. Patients should speak with their orthodontist to discuss some techniques for helping to relieve the initial pain and soreness associated with first getting braces.
There are a few techniques for helping to alleviate the pain and discomfort after first getting braces. Patients can try dissolving a teaspoon of table salt in a cup of lukewarm water. Once the solution is dissolved, patients can gargle by swishing the solution gently inside the mouth for a couple of minutes. Do not swallow the solution. This solution helps to kill bacteria, as well as provide some minor relief.
Sometimes, rinsing with salt water may not be an adequate form of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.10225
Retrieved Text: Captain Quentin Drake returns home after his naval commission ends to find a groom being beaten in the village stables. He refuses to turn a blind eye to the lad's mistreatment and intervenes, taking the lad to his room. Only to discover the boy...is a woman.
shirt, he stood captivated by her, stunned he had ever thought her a boy.
Ally’s gentle touch with the horses went beyond good horsemanship. The horses flicked their ears back and forth when she talked to them and swished their tails in appreciation of her calming manner. Hell, he wanted to be one of those horses.
The Blacksmith's Son by Rebecca Thomas is a Entangled publication. I was provided a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.
When Quentin discovers a youth being beaten, he intervenes. The boy is knocked out, but Quentin carries him home and gets the shock of his life when he finds that the boy is a girl. A very beautiful girl that loves horses and is hiding a dark secret. When people show up looking for Ally, Quinton knows the girl is in some kind of trouble. Is Ally on the run for a crime she committed or she is on the run because of some other reason?
With each day Ally and Quentin get closer through their mutual interest in horses and their attraction to one another. Ally learns that they have a connection through her former employee and neither of them have had a great experience with the man.
There is a bit of a mystery

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.86465
Retrieved Text: Figuring Out Your Child's Gender Identity | Breezy Mama Breezy Mama - Expert parenting advice, celebrity interviews, product reviews for kids, moms and babies and more!
High heels or sneakers? Which shoes do your boys wear? And do your girls wear pink tutus?
WIN!! Disney is giving away one Tangled Rapunzel doll–see bottom of post for details.
Are trucks for boys and dolls for girls? Does society say it’s okay for your boy’s favorite color to be pink? Breezy Mama Contributing Editor, Robyn Lass, finds out. . .
I’m sure I’m not alone in wondering how gender identity develops in young kids. As a mother to a preschool age boy who adores “The Little Mermaid” I was starting to feel a little confused about what I should or shouldn’t say when he asked to play with toys that typically fell into the “for girls” category.
I needed some answers so I went to child psychology expert Linnda Durre, Ph.D. A former nursery school teacher, now a psychotherapist with her own practice, she had some great insight and suggestions for parents curious about gender identity and the toys our kids choose.
At what age do children begin to differentiate gender?
How can parents, teachers and caretakers best help them understand the concept of gender?
Parents should be open and encouraging about limitless capabilities of boys and girls – men and women – from astronauts to caregivers to fire fighters. Show them photos, take them to museums, read books with precedent setters in gender, like Sally Ride as an astronaut as well as male astronauts, chefs

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.697552
Retrieved Text: Harlan Dawnay, Lord Davenham, handsome and dashing heir to an earldom, offers a marriage of convenience to a suitable young lady he scarcely knows, only to discover she has no intention of being ignored in favor of his friends or his mistress.
Lady Sarah Ainsworth, age seventeen, is not yet interested in marriage. She accepts Lord Davenham's offer solely because she secretly admires him and has high hopes for the future. But when Davenham steadfastly ignores his young bride, including not coming to her bed, Sarah embarks on a series of adventures guaranteed to drive any young husband wild. From unsuitable friends to unsuitable flirtations, from gambling to calling on Davenham's mistress, Sarah forces him to pay attention. Until one final adventure almost ends their marriage before it's really begun.
I had a great time reading this very engrossing and funny Regency Romance. The two main characters grew up a lot during the course of the story. Most of the problems seemed to be Harlan's fault. In his quest for more money, he either ignores Sarah or treats her like a child. Gradually he gets to know her as a person, since she is determined to get his attention at all costs. Some of her pranks are funny and others are touching. She has great intentions and a lot of heart. The subplot of her friend Esmeralda's introduction to the Ton adds a dimension to the story not often found in this genre. The author is very well versed with the era and its environs from London to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.072384
Retrieved Text: A Child lives with his grandparents. She sews pieces of fabric together with her grandmother and recalls her parents.
A young painter paints drawing on the basis of what is happening on the day and burns all of them to keep the fire on at the end of the day.
On his way to Ashura ceremony, sees Omid an old man playing Sorna, who has actually died many years ago but his sorna voice is still heard.
Simin is a handicap girl, she decides to cut her legs because her mother forced her to get married but when she sees a little girl, her idea were changed.
Some kids are playing a game in which they intend to pour the sea water into the desert to make it green.
A rural boy helps his family with everyday tasks. He also helps his father with pottery and firewood collection and also studies alongside all this.
A small girl who has a kidney illness, is sent to the hospital from the school. Her classmate goes to Imam Reza’s shrine to pray for her.
A dying old woman calls her son to come and takes her to the hospital. But instead of her son, she calls a young couple. The young wife forces her husband to go and help the old woman.
The boy lives with his grandparents. َA day, his grandpa brings him a Quail in a cage to look after.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.023312
Retrieved Text: A teenage boy suffering from curvature of the spine begins swimming every week at the local pool, at the repeated request of his chiropractor. In the interior and echoing world of the swimming pool, surrounded by anonymous bodies and in between lengths, he becomes acquainted with a girl who agrees to give him pointers on his poor technique. It is the start of a tentative friendship, one that exists only in the water, every Wednesday; a friendship made up of touches, gestures and shared silences more than conversation. As their relationship develops, the boy's need for the girl grows, until the pool becomes for him a place freighted with expectancy and longing. One day, she mouths a message underwater - but what could it mean? "Chlorine" is an intimate and evocative work, revealing in simple yet beautifully-drawn and coloured panels an extraordinary world. With it, Bastien Vives confirms his place as one of the most original and promising young writers of today.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.99857
Retrieved Text: -This is such a simple one but you should gargle with hot water and add 2-3 tsp of salt.
-Try having 1-2 tbsp of olive oil. It coats the throat and helps get rid of bacteria.
- This really helps to soothe a sore throat! Boil a cup of water and add one packet of NeoCitran. Drink up nice and easy. It is very soothing and will help your throat immediately. For children I recommend half or a quarter of a packet.
There you go! But if you're like me, and get a runny nose as well try boiling a pot of water, (or fill up your sink with hot water) and place a towel over your head. Just keep deeply breathing in and out, but straight after you must go to sleep, or at least get into a blanket. You may also optionally add some Vicks to your water, though be warned, it will sting your eyes! I just close my eyes. Adding Vicks in general to your throat and nose will help, and you'll feel much better in the morning.
First you take a hot hot shower taking deep breathes in there then gargle with a tablespoon of cider vinegar then brush your teeth and finally gargle with Listerine ????
Colliodal silver spray is always my cure for a sore throat. My ex boyfriend had mononucleosis when we were dating. I started feeling run down with a sore throat and I used this four times a day. It's a natural anti viral. So is manuka honey. They've tested it

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.828362
Retrieved Text: I know, it has taken me forever to get this up here. I'm sure you have all been waiting with bated breathe, and desperate to find out (NOT ha).
Finally, we got through to Joel's folks last night and now we are free to spill the beans on the gender of baby number two.
Obviously we would have been really stoked no matter what gender baby #2 turned out to be, and we are so glad to know that everything is going as normal with baby's development and everything looks good. That is the main thing!
But, having a girl is very special. Joel is one of two sons, and I have three brothers, and their are two boy grandchildren only so far, so girls are few and far between in our families, so this is pretty exciting to everyone.
It took my Mum only one day before she headed to the shops to buy a pink pair of Paul Frank baby leggings! I am really excited about dressing up my little girl, there are so many gorgeous outfits out there for girls! I used to try to dress my little brother up as a girl when I was a kid because I was so desperate to have a little sister, so finally I get my chance with the girly stuff.
She will be a really lucky girl though, because she's going to have this amazing big brother to look after her as well. But she better be a tough little girl, because I'm afraid he is not going to be

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.621614
Retrieved Text: Just about now, parents are beginning to wonder how to keep the kids entertained over the summer. Well, the animation of Studio Ghibli is renowned around the world.
Founded in Tokyo in 1985, the films created by this Japanese anime company have captured the hearts and imaginations of children and adults alike.
But there’s one odd thing you’ll notice in these movies. It’s the eyes.
They’re Occidental. Not narrow, but round. And yet the films are made in Japan, in Japanese, by Japanese animators, filled with Japanese signage and books and (often) Japanese culture and folklore.
Yoshida begins with the end of World War II. Japan surrendered when the United States dropped two atomic bombs over heavily populated cities in Japan. More than 100,000 people died – some instantly, some slowly.
Japan began anew under the occupation of Allied troops.
Its economy had been destroyed. One of the few things littering the Japanese landscape was the occupying soldiers’ discarded food cans. Japanese entrepreneurs picked them out of the garbage and hammered them into children’s toys – “cheap tin models of American Jeeps,” Yoshida writes. They were affordable for nearly destitute Japanese parents. Kids loved to play with them, and GIs started shipping them home to their own families as souvenirs.
“Why American Jeeps?” asks Yoshida. “Why immortalize the vehicles of the country that defeated them? Well, they certainly wouldn’t be making Japanese vehicles ‑‑ there was no more army to speak of, any remnant of Japan’s recent past as a military bully was being erased with embarrassment and shame. At any rate, this

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.549446
Retrieved Text: Mark Tozer posted a really excellent article about the actual signs and symptoms of what somebody looks like when they are drowning. In my head I always thought that the victim would be screaming for help and waving their arms. Clearly I was wrong.
[blockquote]Except in rare circumstances, drowning people are physiologically unable to call out for help. The respiratory system was designed for breathing. Speech is the secondary or overlaid function. Breathing must be fulfilled, before speech occurs.
Drowning people’s mouths alternately sink below and reappear above the surface of the water. The mouths of drowning people are not above the surface long enough for them to exhale, inhale, and call out for help. When drowning people’s mouths are above the surface, they exhale and inhale quickly before their mouths start to sink below the surface again.
You should really click through and read the full article over on Marks blog and read the whole fascinating story.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.541622
Retrieved Text: Baby Moana At The Dentist - Play Jogos Friv games at Friv.land!
Baby Moana At The Dentist is a lovely and engrossing game at Friv.land. Little Moana has many troubles with her teeth. She isn’t confident enough to wear wide smiles. Baby Moana At The Dentist game seems to be an opportunity to support the princess in jogos friv. The game shows you the ropes to cure her teeth.
Baby Moana At The Dentist online is a free single-player game. Baby Moana has had too many sweets, so she is suffering from severe pain on teeth. You need to help her to heal her teeth. Her teeth have many problems. You become a dentist making her teeth well on jogos friv games.
She will sit on a chair to receive the treatment. In front of her, there a sink, a water pipe, a green button, toothpaste, a toothbrush and a cup. Press the green button to fill up the sink with water. Take a cup full of water. Press the button again to stop the water. Let baby Moana gargle with water in the cup at jogos friv player games. Take a little toothpaste and put on the toothbrush. Brush her teeth. Open the tap and take a cup of water. Let her rinse her mouth with that water in the cup. You finish the first step.
Next, you treat her teeth. She has so much tooth decay and tartar. We provide a few special tools and machines to make her teeth better. They have strange shapes and designs. Tools

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.531637
Retrieved Text: Summer is coming, and we think this story is the most valuable thing any yachtsman could ever read. Ever.
One of the first things I ever wrote for publication was a short article about drowning recognition for a Coast Guard magazine. A few years later, I adapted the piece for recreational boaters. I tried my best to get it published, but no one wanted it. Reader’s Digest said it was “too dark,” and everyone else simply ignored the submission.
Thanks to a friend of mine who had a blog, my piece on drowning was first posted eight years ago to the day in 2010. It went viral and crashed his website. Since then, it’s been translated into 15 languages, was published in the Washington Post, and Reader’s Digest eventually requested to buy the rights. After years of saying yes to requests to republish, repost and translate (there have been hundreds), I released the piece to the public domain. But I never got the article into a major boating magazine as I intended. Well, this is my blog, so I like my chances this time.
How did this captain know — from 50 feet away — what the father couldn’t recognize from just 10? Drowning is not the violent, splashing call for help that most people expect. The captain was trained to recognize drowning by experts and years of experience. The father, on the other hand, learned what drowning looks like by watching television.
If you spend time on or near the water (hint: that’s all of us), then you should

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.452534
Retrieved Text: A professor of English in Sacramento, Heather Hutcheson is the founding editor of the Cosumnes River Journal. During the semester, she promotes a language exchange between day laborers and community college students in a parking lot, and she spends summers teaching English in Oaxaca, Mexico.
a los milagros del dia.
to the miracles of the day.
says Catalina, the shyest girl.
I cannot be sure of the translation.
distill her young life: I like candy.
I have one pretty dress.
I live in a sunny house.
I have three bad brothers.
I have two nameless dogs.
the taste of drink or forbidden lovers still in their mouths.
They think she listens only to find their errors.
about research, about how they learned what they know.
They can only begin to teach her how to live.
until they, and the light, are all exhausted.
to this boy under the seduction of Pata.
una tarde calurosa y solitaria.
a la música, bailando un poco.
Las hojas, bailando un poco.
a warm and lonely afternoon.
to the music, dancing a little.
The leaves, dancing a little.
fortune. There is sun at last, a clear sky.
on a patio filled with cool shadows and song.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.339258
Retrieved Text: Day 2 (Wednesday) - "Surrender"
Today, our team was temporarily partite. One group went to the home of sick and dying children, another group to Gertrude's orphanage home. I was privileged to be part of the group to visit the home of sick and dying children today. What an astonishing experience! Such an enlightening day!
Talk about being completely and utterly emotionally stretched! First off, I found that children all over the world are the same. They are generally happy, loving and forgiving souls. Walking through the door, I see smiling faces and some with arms up. 1 little boy waddled up to me and tugged my skirt. Looking down, I see big brown eyes, a smile to match those eyes and drools on his chin. What a site to welcome me! Just as soon as he's in my arms, his head drops to my shoulder. That unconditional love I instantly feel coming from him. And here, I thought it was my job to pour the love into these children today, and maybe will receive a smile or two back. Right away... I knew it was going to be a fun filled day.
I am playing with this little boy and his apparent nemesis (they kept trying to pinch each other's arms), finding out that I am receiving more joy out of these 2 boys than I could possibly give, I spot a little girl sitting by herself on her little plastic chair. She looks lack luster and lethargic. At this time, the boys are playing nicely with each

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.198755
Retrieved Text: I have a teenage son. He is all about his friends and girls and hanging out and talking on the phone and staying away from “YOU PEOPLE,” his term of endearment for his dad and I. Evidently, we’re not as cool as we think we are.
Lately, I’ve been feeling a more Mama Bear than normal. It all comes down to girls. I know I used to be one, but these modern girls… boy howdy! I have the desire to grab their jaws and force their mouths open just to prove that they have several rows of teeth because I’m convinced they are sharks. They certainly seem to be circling my precious baby and I sense blood in the water.
You see, I’ve discovered that there is at least one girl in his circle of friends who is playing games. She’s canceling plans without having the decency to call. She’s playing boys against one another. She’s using boys who like her simply BECAUSE they like her. She’s getting my hackles up, is what she’s doing.
I tried the diplomatic approach. I sat my teen down and had a little talk.
Then I went to my husband, Jim.
“She’s doing it.” I said pacing the floor.
“She who? And what is she doing?” he said, clicking away on some zombie game on the computer.
With a huff (because I know he’s right), I sat on the couch and leafed through a magazine.
Jimmy came downstairs and began complaining that his knee was hurting. I called the doctor and made an appointment since this was the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.190311
Retrieved Text: Just when it seemed like it was all over, Lillian Wolf is given a second chance along with a young adult named Water Boy. The two face the challenges of life and what it means to be different. In the process, the two grow to like each other more and more.
The waves rush over the beach, pulling the sand away, and leaving seaweed and other sea debris behind. The sun beats down on a young girl who lays curled up underneath a palm tree. Her black hair covers her right eye and she has a scar down her left cheek. Her eyes are red like blood and she has black wolf ears and a black wolf tail.Further away, another person washes up on shore. This boy has long blue hair, blue earrings, and blue clothes. He is completely soaked and doesn’t even appear to be breathing.Someone runs across the beach from a nearby house and stands by his side.
“Oh goodness... Another hero dead...” the person mutters, scooping up the boy from the sand.
The person carries the boy into the house they just came from and places him on a bed in front of someone else.
“I found another one... Doctor, can you heal him?” the person asks.
“Who do you think he is? I haven’t seen him on any of the lists of heroes...” the person says.
“I have no clue... I guess we’ll have to wait until he wakes up to verify,” the doctor says.
The first person then leaves the house to wait. The young girl from before

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.176746
Retrieved Text: A boy must be seen attempting to flirt by tickling the shoes of a girl who's of a similar age to that boy. She must not look too pleased when she mouths the lyrics to him.
And don't even tickle my shoes.
So don't even tickle my shoes.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.141495
Retrieved Text: Charlotte is jealous that Brianna got the solo in the Christmas show so she says something mean about her. Then she apologizes to Brianna.
A girl invites her less-active and non-member friends to activity days.
Meet these two girls who became best friends because of their grandmothers.
A rebus story about Emilie making a new friend at the playground.
A girl realizes that she can try new things even when she’s feeling shy.
Joel shaves his head to support a friend with cancer.
Will and Anna are best friends. She pushes his wheelchair, and he laughs at her jokes. They do lots of things together.
A girl learns what makes someone a good friend after some of her friends make fun of the way she looks.
Keira learns who her true friends are when she asks them to use better language.
A photo story about some Activity Day Girls in Arizona who planned fun service projects and included their neighbors.
Tori, a new member of the church, gets help from her friend Erica to be able to read the Book of Mormon every day.
Mindy feels too shy to make friends until she learns a great tip. Includes ideas for overcoming shyness.
Elena decides to use some money she earned to buy her friend a special gift because her friend is sad.
Ben is concerned about going to a friend’s birthday because his family can’t afford an expensive gift.
Josh shares his Halloween candy with others.
Isabel learns that you can be friends even if you don’t speak the same language after a family from Russia comes to her house for

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.062395
Retrieved Text: With the advent of warmer weather, Ray is once again lovin' life. Not because he is a warm weather hound (he actually seems to have much more energy when it's cooler), but because there are kids outside playing. The walk around the block that usually takes about 15-20 minutes in the winter months, takes about twice that in the spring when kids are once again enjoying the great outdoors.
If Ray hears a kid-voice, his tail starts wagging, then he points his nose in the general direction of the voice, and then he tries to drag me in the general direction of the kid. If it's a kid that Ray knows, I will assess if the kid seems interested in giving my dog a belly-rub. If the answer is yes, I will let Ray pull me over to the kid and let him flop for a few minutes. If the answer is no, I will tell Ray to keep on walking.
Ray is generally pretty good about listening to me, unless of course there is a baby involved. If there is, all bets of good behavior are off. Ray LOVES babies and just wants to lick them from head to toe. For some reason most mothers are reluctant to have their offspring bathed in this way. But every once in awhile, Ray gets lucky. Someone will let him lick their baby's feet and legs. If he is very lucky, he gets a hand, and if he is very, very lucky, Ray gets to plant a kiss on the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.97227
Retrieved Text: If you’re the proud parent of a set of boy and girl twins and are struggling to think of a shared birthday party theme then Mickey and Minnie Mouse is a perfect joint theme to suit a boy and a girl.
Send out invitations a month or so before. A selection of Minnie and Mickey invitations are perfect for the job! Ask the girls to come in their prettiest party dresses and the boys might like to wear red trousers and a white t-shirt! When they arrive you can hand out Mickey or Minnie ears to complete their outfits. Make sure you get a picture of your twins dressed up together!
Choose some decorations featuring Mickey and Minnie – we love this Minnie bunting and Mickey hanging swirl decorations. Add some more decorations in coordinating colours – pink pom poms for Minnie and red polka balloons for Mickey. If you want to go all out then the partygoers will love having their picture taken with Mickey and Minnie cutouts!
Mickey and Minnie inspired games will go down a treat with your twins and their friends, a Mickey pull pinata is a definite crowd pleaser and little girls will love playing Minnie Hoopla. Have some prizes on hand for the winners!
When it’s time for tea, lay out alternating places with Mickey and Minnie tableware – a party kit contains everything you need. If you have a lot of guests, add in some polka tableware for variety. Sprinkle confetti on the table and have plenty of fun straws to sip drinks

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.905159
Retrieved Text: In Thailand, children begin boxing at the age of six—these difficult photographs document the life of these child fighters with an interview that goes even deeper into the story behind the pictures.
Muay Thai is the national sport of Thailand. Around the world, it is respected as one of the most demanding and intense martial arts. For one thing, Muay Thai is referred to as the Art of Eight Limbs because it involves striking one’s opponent using hands, elbows, knees and shins rather than just hands (and feet).
Many people with limited economic opportunities choose (are forced?) to earn their living from the sport. Thus, muay matches between children begin at the age of six. These bouts are popular with tourists and Thai bettors alike, making them a part of everyday life.
There is no minimum age for muay fighters. Two or three times a month—when other children might be playing soccer or learning to play the piano—these children are fighting for a pittance and pushing themselves to their physical and mental limits.
Very few of them will ever become rich, popular boxing idols. Even if they do find success in the ring, their careers will likely be over at the age of 25.
When we first published Sandra Hoyn’s story, it received a lot of attention and feedback—most of it very positive, a small but vocal amount of it critical, questioning her depiction of a Thai cultural institution. Assistant editor Alexander Strecker reached out to Hoyn to find out more about the making of this project and her intentions in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.854967
Retrieved Text: Boy meets girl at a local establishment in college.
Boy gets girl's phone number.
Boy gets number from girl's friend for the second time.
Boy sees same girl in same bar and gets girl's number for the third time.
Boy waits seven whole days to call girl.
Girl has already moved on ... but picks up the phone anyway.
Girl has NO idea who the person talking on the other line is as it sounded like some boy named Alex. Girl meets lots of different people on campus.
Boy and Girl have very awkward conversation as a result of name confusion on girl's part.
Finally Girl asks who is on the phone ... girl hears "Dallas" and it all starts coming back to her.
Boy and Girl set up the first date. Girl is now excited.
Boy and Girl go out for dinner and have an "Ok" date. No fireworks or love at first glance for either.
Girl decides if Boy doesn't call back for second date, she won't call him. Surprisingly, Boy calls for the second date and the Girl agrees. Second date goes MUCH better. The two don't actually have a TON in common, except they're both farm kids and have big dreams and ambitions for the future.
Boy and Girl decide they LOVE each other and become exclusive. 10 months after their first date, Boy proposes with a diamond ring. Girl accepts with tears streaming down her face.
Boy and Girl make a committment in front of God and their family to love each other forever on Oct. 15, 2005.
Boy and Girl welcome first child, a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.678818
Retrieved Text: When a boy goes missing, a mysterious girl appears, This is how the series starts with along with a mysterious creator that's not even from the black lagoon.
In the first episode, the series opens up to U.S Department of Energy laboratory where a scientist was running through the hallways for his life from something. When he gets to the elevators, slowly the doors opens and as he gets in, just as he thinks he's safe, he gets snatched from a creator.
Just next door from the laboratory, is a town Hawkins, Indiana, where we meet four boys, Will, Lucas, Mike and Dustin, who were playing a game that's like Dungeons and Dragons when the game was about to get really good, Mike's mom ends it. Will, Lucas and Dustin head home on their bikes, when as soon as Will leaves Mike's light begin to flash in and out.
Dustin challenges Will that if he beats him to his house that he can pick any of his comic books, which he did and pasted his house as he was heading home. He passes an open gate where says no trespassing, he spots a mysterious creator and steers off the road into the woods and runs for his life. He makes it home with no one but the dog. He searches for his mom or brother but no one. As he sees the creator at the door he runs to the shed and gets the gun out. As he loads the gun and awaits for the creator, the creator makes

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.632568
Retrieved Text: Disclosure: I will receive payment if you purchase make a purchase after clicking certain links. Also, I received a free item, but it in n away influenced my opinion.
All my daughter wanted for her birthday this year was to get a unicorn. Luckily for me, I didn’t have to buy a real pony and put a horn-shaped hat on its head. Instead, I got my daughter exactly what she wanted, a set of three unicorn puppets. With bright, vivid coloring and mouths that move, the puppets became a playtime favorite. Playing with the toys, I discovered how neat the puppets’ appealing color and design were.
Earlier this year, I reviewed another set of Puppet on a Stick products, The Sea Squad. Recently, I had the old puppets out for my daughter’s fifth birthday party. All of the boy guests there were immediately drawn to the items: a shark, a clam, an octopus and a fish, which fit well with the under the sea theme of the party. While the Sea Squad set appealed to boys and girls, the items were also educational. Because the items were so much fun, I was eager to see how my daughter enjoyed the Rainbow Prancer puppet set.
One of the nicest things about the items were their fun colors. Each unicorn had a different colored face and a different colored horn. I received a pink unicorn with a blue horn, a white unicorn with a purple horn and a green unicorn with a pink horn. Each unicorn had fun, bright hair with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.615139
Retrieved Text: When Lily came home, she was disappointed to see that the sink was full of dirty dishes.
If you have a headache, take an aspirin. There’re in the medicine cabinet.
Cleaning the toilet is my least favorite household chore.
Marsha relaxes by filling her tub with hot water and taking a bath while listening to classical music.
After eating foods with strong flavors like garlic and onion, you should use mouthwash because it covers the smell.
The dentist said that I should swish mouthwash around for at least 30 seconds every morning.
Harry believes that the best cure for a sore throat is to gargle warm water with lemon juice and salt.
When Jack was six years old, he had trouble taking medicine. He didn’t like the taste and would spit it out.
A toothbrush cleans the front and back of your teeth, but only dental floss can clean between teeth.
This morning Uncle Kenny forgot to close the shower curtain, so there was water all over the floor.
We ran out of hot water immediately after I lathered up, so I had to wash off the soap in cold water!
People with long hair use more shampoo than people with short hair do.
Kelly’s son cried when she rinsed him off because she accidentally got soap in his eyes.
In the United States, many women shave their legs to make them look smoother.
When I was a child, I always woke up to the sound of my father using an electric razor to shave his face.
When he started shaving, he often has cuts on his chin because he didn’t

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.57304
Retrieved Text: Sightings / Tuesday Morning has MH/EAH!
Checked sold ebay listings and most loose Alistairs seemed to be between $26-$36 (without shipping).
Wanted / Re: Need Archery Bunny's head and BB Cupid!
All except Cupid in the Thronecoming line have gloves and matching colored arms.
Most EAH dolls have detachable hands but budget dolls do not;also some lines like Birthday Ball the first release had articulated arms/hands but the 2nd have non-articulated. Some dolls in the past couple years have had removable forearms and hands.
Wait, I thought Justine was released just the once? I know some dolls had the first release and then a more budget-y version with less accessories but I didn't think she was one.
At any rate I got mine when she first came out and she has a close lipped smile.
Ever After High Discussion / Re: Holes in the feet??
That makes sense. It was still a bit of a shock, lol.
Ever After High Discussion / Holes in the feet??
I would've loved Grimmily Ann, Quill, Fawn, Pharoh, unicorn girl and faun/satyr boy.
As for Bram and Gory I think Mattel was like "Welp, we have the two vampire CAMS, that'll do."
Pour 1/4 cup of vinegar and 1tsp of salt into a bowl with approx 4 cups water. Drop in the articles of doll clothing. Swish ’em around a little bit until they are thoroughly saturated with the mix and let them sit for about 30 mins.
Take them out, rinse them with water and a little bit of soap (hand soap will do) in the sink. Let air dry.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.571089
Retrieved Text: Word is Elizabeth Hurley isn’t the only former “Austin Powers” girl that’s been axed from “Goldmember” (opening FRIDAY) as scenes featuring Heather Graham (‘Felicity Shagwell’) have ended up on the cutting room floor (make way for Beyoncé!) . . . Ja Rule is in negotiations to reprise his role in the sequel to the hit movie “The Fast and the Furious” slated to begin shooting THIS FALL in Miami . . . Actress Drea de Matteo, who plays mob girlfriend ‘Adriana’ on “The Sopranos”, reveals that when her dog Cyrus had to be castrated for medical reasons she performed the operation HERSELF, then pickled the souvenirs in a jar which now rests on her mantel (this is not someone you want to cross) . . . Former pop star Donny Osmond is set to host an updated version of the “$25,000 Pyramid”, because (according to him) Regis Philbin has made it ‘cool’ to be a game-show host (yeah right Donny, Reg’ is a real ‘hep cat’) . . . Simon Fuller, creator of “American Idol” (and the Spice Girls), is in talks to create a TV revival of “The Monkees” featuring An all-new boy band (this guy’s taste is in his mouth) . . . And the voice of ‘Smokey the Bear’, Gene Moss, has died in California at age 75 (makes you wonder — will he be cremated?).
• ‘Tear-up’ – A current trend whereby a small house is made larger by adding a 2nd story or busting out its backside. The opposite of the ’90s

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A cat is sitting in a cat bed. It is licking its paw. it... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: then wipes its paw on its ear.

Ending 2: crawls to the door.

Ending 3: 's laying down about six inches away from the camera.

Ending 4: crawls on one foot to get closer to the camera.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 47.614735
Retrieved Text: This week, last year, was CAT WEEK!!!
Does anyone else remember cat week? This week, last year, was CAT WEEK!
A week filled with all things CAT ‘cos God knows, there’s nothing the internet loves more than cats.
Last year, I had no cat. Now I have a cat and every day is like frikkin cat week. He’s recently learned how to sleep in the bedroom at night-time without waking me up, paws on either side of my face, licking my lip and meowing at me.
Now, when I saw recently, I mean Friday. The Friday just gone. Today is Monday.
It was weird but he’s past the face licking, hair chomping, random pouncing stage and onto the scaring the s*&t out of me stage.
The other night, I was home alone and the house was quiet. I walked into the bathroom and felt something caress my hand. I screamed and then turned to see Louie, sitting on the edge of the sink in the darkness, reaching out a paw to touch me.
Playing with his favorite toy, the printer. He’ll run from the other side of the house when he hears it!
Getting in on The Canadian One’s birthday celebration. One popped. It was HILARIOUS!
Inspecting the bathtub after a shower. His daily routine. Sometimes he comes in the shower with me. It’s weird.
We put a collar on him once…just once….
He sleeps like a person and snores. Loudly.
Next I made my first EVER pumpkin….
Haha! Wouldn’t you rather a Tassie Devil?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.51293
Retrieved Text: #28096441 - golden retriever puppy dog and british tabby cat sitting together..
#34916741 - Cute cat is lying in his cat bed.
#44313696 - Cute tabby kitten sitting and licking lips up on white background..
#25754632 - cat sitting in front and looking at camera isolated on white..
#20133270 - Beautiful cat on white background.
#46467214 - Very Sad Red Cat. Nostalgy. Sunny Day.
#32515157 - Striped with white a cat. Striped not purebred kitten. Small..
#26080870 - Cute tabby kitten standing on hind legs and leaping isolated..
#27682629 - golden retriever puppy dog and british cat sleeping together..
#44245836 - Portrait of a cute funny cat Scottish Straight isolated on white..
#15304448 - Stray cat in the Philippines walking quickly through the long..
#24295502 - Scottish kitten holding a billboard. animal isolated on a white..

########
Rank: 2
Score: 44.855606
Retrieved Text: "Your paw prints will be forever on my heart."
"Heaven would not heaven be, without my cats to welcome me"
"Of all God's creatures, there is only one that cannot be made slave of the leash. That one is the cat. If man could be crossed with the cat it would improve the man, but it would deteriorate the cat."
"There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.472004
Retrieved Text: when you’re sitting on the toilet and the bathroom door is closed, and you hear scratching at the door, and when you look, there is a cats paw poking out from under the door, but its facing upwards.
When I opened the door, the cat was sitting there whistling. I asked what the paw was about, and the cat said, I saw a cat who looked just like me walking by, but he had an upsidedown paw, he said something about sticking his paw under the door, but im not sure, because i was sitting here whistling.
Looking for upsidedown paw meaning? Delighted that you discovered the greatest determine on our web site!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.55992
Retrieved Text: Are you wondering why your cat keeps rubbing your leg, even though you’ve given them all the necessary care? Is your pet truly seeking attention or do they just need a good scratching post to please their instinct to scratch and help with claw grooming?
Scratching is a natural habit of our feline friends and we should not deprive them of this basic need. You can easily please your kitty with the awesome Kung Fu Paw cat eco-friendly scratching post from Petique which allows your cats to sharpen their claws and stay happy and healthy!
Why is it essential to have a scratching post?
Understand your cat’s need to scratch. Cats scratch as a way to groom their claws and mark their territory. As we are sure every cat owner notices, your feline friend is fond of scratching your sofa, bed linens, curtains, or even your legs. Your cats might do this after eating or taking a nap, or maybe they just scratch all the time! Regardless of when, scratching is a natural habit that should be encouraged in a way that’s healthy for your cat, and your furniture.
So why is the Kung Fu Paw scratch post great for your cat?
Easy to Assemble. This cat tree design is simple and easy to assemble. The Kung Fu Paw scratch post is a cardboard tree that will entertain and please your pet’s habits. It is best to place the post in a flat area and away from hot surfaces.
Biodegradable. Made with corrugated cardboard (which is a cat-scratching favorite!), this tree is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.194183
Retrieved Text: When it has to do with some the cats paw botique hamburger cat and small dog bed, staying luxurious and fancy can be a nice incentive point. But, it can not afford each one of the expensive, luxury furniture, you can hack it so that your room will look fancier without needing to spend an excessive amount of dollars. You are able to use elaborate sheets, coverings, and pillow-cases so that they create a outrageous accent in your bedding. You can also use used furniture that still usable and looks advantageous to your cat burger pillow. Once more, being elaborate is about expensive furniture. You are able to hack on your space to look fancier by adding little details with a good sense of design.
Selecting the colours of these places in your bedding might become somewhat exhausting. You will need to coincide with the colours of this set with all the walls, door, or the things encompass your bedding. The snowy colours are normally the chosen ones. The reason is that the white coloration is considered as the calming color. The three principal the cats paw botique hamburger cat and small dog bed you need to pay attention are the bedding, the dressing table, and the wardrobe. As the bedding is the biggest thing on your room, you also can put in the pet burger bed since the major focus in your room.
How Concerning the Qualities of the the cats paw botique hamburger cat and small dog bed? In case we’re speaking about the qualities inserted

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.89287
Retrieved Text: Cat Playfully Slaps a Puppy in the Face As He Rests on a Bed!
This is the exact moment a small cat annoys a puppy lying underneath a blanket and tries to slap it with its paw.
As the dog attempts to take a much-needed rest, the cat sneaks up and slaps it around the face. The dog responds, of course, by nipping at the cat.
Eventually, after being tormented for about a half minute, the dog is forced to retreat under the covers.
The video has been viewed in upwards of 15,000 times since going online.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.711937
Retrieved Text: If you want to spoil your best friend (whether they be a dog or a cat...), the fun, over-stuffed QuiteTime Reversible Paw Print Pet Bed by MidWest Homes for Pets is the perfect pet bed for you! Each comfortable pet bed is available in multiple sizes that are perfectly suited for almost any breed of dog or cat (18” up to 54” sizes available).
The Reversible Paw Print dog beds & cat beds feature a blue top with whimsical paw prints and a neutral white fleece bottom. These cozy pet beds are machine washable / dryer safe and are sized to fit inside most standard metal dog crates creating a comfortable and desired location for your dog or cat to relax.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.43601
Retrieved Text: Cat and Dog CareWhy and How Do Cats Clean Themselves and Each Other?
Why and How Do Cats Clean Themselves and Each Other?
You may think that your cat has obsessive compulsive disorder when you contemplate the inordinate amount of time that clean kitty spends grooming itself and anyone else within tongue’s reach. While cats are meticulous in their cleanliness, the behavior that you witness so frequently is about more than mere preening.
How Do Cats Clean Themselves?
Although humans require soaps, shampoos, loofa sponges and other bathing accessories, the ritual in which all clean cats engage requires only saliva and their tongues. Your cat’s tongue acts as a natural brush. The tongue’s surface is covered with tiny barb-like projections that are called papillae. When your cat cleans itself, the papillae brush and extract dirt, loose hair, fleas, food particles, and other debris from the coat. Like the spray of water from your showerhead, the cat’s saliva moistens the surface of the body being cleaned. When debris is trapped deep within the coat, the cat will nibble away the offending particles with its teeth. Since the cat’s tongue will not reach the entire face, head and ears, the forepaws are employed as washcloths for these hard to reach areas, and the cat moistens its paw with saliva every few licks. Learn here How to Bathe a Cat.
Why Do Cats Clean Themselves So Much?
Coat maintenance is an essential part of grooming behavior. Clean cats groom frequently to maintain healthy coats by extracting unsightly loose hairs and debris. When the cat licks,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.43246
Retrieved Text: The Hal and Jean Whitfield monument in the Lake View Cemetery at Seattle, Washington, has a whimsical look and message. Atop the gray polished granite shaft sits a sculpture of a round, highly-stylized cat with a bird sitting on its back. The two are looking directly at each other. The bird looks as if it might be daring the cat—the cat looks with suspicion at the bird as one natural enemy might to another. There they sit—coexisting.
Written in gold lettering tracing around the statue is an epitaph that is surely shared by many cat lovers, “The More People I Meet, The More I Like My Cat”. The epitaph is punctuated by a paw print carved into the stone.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.223156
Retrieved Text: Meowing Heads’ Top Cat Turkey is slow cooked to purr-fection using only the best quality, natural ingredients. Packed protein (93% turkey, beef & chicken!), this seriously yummy adult wet food is totally grain-free. We’re sure this whisker-licking dinner will have your kitty meowing for more!
Our table is a guide. Please check with your vet that your cat is at their correct healthy weight. When introducing your cat to Meowing Heads, we recommend replacing 25% of their existing food every other day until they are eating 100% Meowing Heads. Always ensure there is a fresh bowl of water at all times.
Previously Hey Good Looking, Meowing Heads’ Paw Lickin’ Chicken is slow cooked to purr-fection using only the best quality, natural ingredients. Packed protein (93% chicken & beef!), this seriously yummy adult wet food is totally grain-free. We’re sure this whisker-licking dinner will have your kitty meowing for more!
Previously Purr Nickety, Meowing Heads’ So-fish-ticated Salmon is slow cooked to purr-fection using only the best quality, natural ingredients. Packed with protein (93% salmon, chicken & beef!), this seriously yummy adult wet food is totally grain-free. We’re sure this whisker-licking dinner will make your kitty purr!
Meowing Heads’ Supurrr Surf & Turf is slow cooked to purr-fection using only the best quality, natural ingredients. Packed with protein (93% fish, chicken & beef!), this seriously yummy adult wet food is totally grain-free. We’re sure this whisker-licking dinner will make your kitty purr!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.878883
Retrieved Text: 18 carat Gold plating over Sterling Silver, this necklace features a Cat sitting in a Crescent Moon reaching up and touching a Crystal Heart with its paw.
The Moon also features 6 Crystals around the Crescent.
The whole drop is approximately 3.5cm.
The chain is a 1mm, 18", 18 carat Gold plated flat Curb chain.
Sitting Pretty Kitty: a gold plated over sterling silver, silhouette cat necklace with crystals in it's tail, on an 18 inch gold plated curb chain.
Short Description:- You Touch My Heart Necklace: 18 carat Gold plated cat sitting in a crescent moon reaching up and touching a crystal heart.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.714367
Retrieved Text: cat saucer mason cash ceramic cane 5 inch harmony.
cat saucer eyes by walker flying bed.
cat saucer new laurel garden ceramic dish plate eyes.
cat saucer drinking milk from a stock video flying bed.
cat saucer harmony ceramic with mouse print.
cat saucer ethical pet spot standard crock eyes.
cat saucer miniature tabby sculpture with of milk by drinking a.
cat saucer school of fish melamine pet bowl ceramic.
cat saucer old mid pink plate with girl and wetnoz.
cat saucer drinking milk bed.
cat saucer oval wetnoz 6 oz.
cat saucer mason cash flying bed.
cat saucer key west fish personalised.
cat saucer two small adorable kittens eating healthy food from a stock footage video of fluffy wetnoz.
cat saucer color splash diner cup stainless steel dishes flying bed.
cat saucer one spoiled pet rectangular oz drinking a of milk.
cat saucer cane of milk.
cat saucer meow porcelain small set drinking a of milk.
cat saucer tiny kitty boxed harmony ceramic with mouse print.
cat saucer paw medallion flying bed.
cat saucer 0 replies 1 retweet 3 likes bed.
cat saucer ceramic bowls harmony with mouse print.
cat saucer color splash diner set of 2 harmony.
cat saucer three kittens drinking milk from personalised.
cat saucer love lapping with of milk animated tongue mesh harmony.
cat saucer meow porcelain small set harmony ceramic with mouse print.
cat saucer drinking milk harmony ceramic with mouse print.
cat saucer possible forever home eyes.
cat saucer whisker polka dot paw grocery delivery eyes.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.709248
Retrieved Text: While it is believed that Maneki Neko (literally "Lucky Cat") first appeared during the later part of the Edo period (1603–1867), the earliest documentary evidence comes from the 1870s. It was first mentioned in a newspaper article in 1876, and kimono-clad Maneki Neko were distributed at a shrine in Osaka during this time. An ad from 1902 advertising Maneki Neko indicates that by the turn of the century they were popular. Several legends have told of a humble cat who saves a companion or noble passerby from danger, and as a result, the Japanese consider cats to be wise and lucky spirits. Many shrines and homes include the Maneki Neko, a figurine of a cat with one paw upraised as if waving. These statues are also referred to as Kami Neko ("god cat"), in reference to the cat's divine spirit.
Others have noted the similarities between the Maneki Neko's gesture and that of a cat washing its face. An old Japanese wives' tale says that a cat washing its face means a visitor will soon arrive. This saying may in turn be related to an even older Chinese proverb that states that if a cat washes its face, it will rain. Thus it is possible a belief arose that a figure of a cat washing its face would bring in customers fleeing the rain to the nearest shop.
Maneki Neko derives from many legends, but there are three that are most common.
The Temple Cat: A wealthy feudal lord, often said to be an emperor or high ranking military

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.413357
Retrieved Text: There is no getting around the fact that my cat hates baths. Cats do a good job keeping themselves clean and shiny, but sometimes I just want to give my cat a bath. There is just something really good about knowing your creature has been soaked in soap and water. My cat comes out with fluffy clean smelling fur and I love the way he looks and feels, even if he doesn't.
When we went to buy shampoo, we wanted a mild formula. We didn't want any harsh chemicals in the shampoo especially since our cat would end up licking himself dry after his bath.
We found this Top Paw Cat & Kitten shampoo in a 10 oz plastic bottle. The bottle says this formula is like baby shampoo, so we felt good thinking it won't sting our cat's eyes if some of the shampoo got in there.
The bottle is plastic, so we didn't worry about glass breaking and it has a nice cap that you can open and close with one hand. That is great because I have to hold the cat down with the other hand.
The shampoo has a nice scent. It smells like pineapples, bananas, and baby shampoo, all mixed together. It is a light scent, so hopefully, it does not bother or irritate my cat.
We only bathe our cats in the summer when it is very hot outside. We are careful not to bring them into the air conditioning when they are still wet. I usually stay outside and sit on the back porch

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.353603
Retrieved Text: If you’re going out of town for a while or if you’ll only be gone for one day, Paw Pals Pet Sitting provides you with the best in-home services to ensure that your cats are healthy and happy when you return.
We empathize with your anxiety about leaving your cat alone at home by themselves or boarding them somewhere you don’t trust when you are on extended trips. We make sure to do everything to keep your cat as comfortable as possible and our Centreville, VA cat-sitters are here to help. They all have plenty of experience caring for cats of all sizes and types and as many are loving cat owners themselves; they know how to equally love and care for your cat and give it the attention, affection, and activity deserving of your feline family. With Paw Pals, you can relax knowing that our Centreville, VA Cat Sitting Services provide you with the purrfect care, and that we will love and care for your cats as if they were ours.
Paw Pals is licensed, bonded, and fully insured, and our sitters are 100% PetTech certified in Pet CPR and First Aid. For your convenience, we offer both regular vacation visits and overnight cat & house sitting. Each of our services can be paired with our House Sitting and Garden Watering service where our pet sitters look after your home while you’re away as well.
Our Centreville, VA Vacation Visits and Care Services bring our loving pet sitters into your home to provide your cats with the attention,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 39.344894
Retrieved Text: At the 2018 Esmod International Fashion Show, an adorable stray cat took the term ‘catwalk’ a bit too literally!
This fashion show took place at the Emaar Square Mall in Istanbul, Turkey. Istanbul is famous for having a huge stray cat population—there are hundreds of thousands of cats living in the city! One of these cats decided it wanted to spend some time indoors, and so it headed into Emaar Square Mall.
When the cat saw the fashion show, it decided it wanted to try being a model. And so, the cat hopped onto the catwalk and started strutting about. Everyone in the audience was in stitches.
The fashion show’s models started joining the cat on the catwalk, and the kitty was a bit annoyed that the models were taking attention away from her. And so, she started picking a fight with the models. The cat adorably hit the models with her paw as they walked by her.
The models were amazingly professional—they didn’t bat an eyelash!
The cat didn’t fight with all the models, though. She gave a few of them approving looks—it was clear that she liked these outfits, and she wasn’t afraid to tell the audience her opinion.
The fashion designers watching the show couldn’t believe what they were seeing.
“Everybody was in shock,” fashion designer Göksen Hakkı Ali told The Dodo.
One audience member shot a hilarious video of the cat hanging out on the stage. The video shows the cat happily licking itself. Then, when a model walks by, the cat can’t resist batting at her legs.
Nobody knows where

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.09834
Retrieved Text: A functioning set of talons is your cat’s pride and joy, but when health problems plague their claws, it’s uncomfortable and requires prompt attention.
‘Scratching is a normal cat behaviour,’ says Dr. Elizabeth O’Brien, a veterinarian and board-certified feline practitioner at the Cat Clinic in Hamilton, Ont. To help satisfy this, O’Brien recommends scratching posts in a material such as cardboard or fabric.
Cat owners should also trim the nails on all four paws every few weeks. ‘It’s best to get your feline used to it while still a kitten,’ says O’Brien. Routine care helps eliminate damage to your belongings; it also keeps their nails in good condition and alerts you to any problems. The best time to clip nails is when your cat is sleeping, or relaxed. To access each nail, gently press on each paw where the nail is located. This will pop the nail outward from the toe. Slowly snip just the tips off in a straight line. As long as you remove just the nail’s tip, you shouldn’t cut the quick and cause bleeding.
Unlike dogs, a cat’s claws are usually retracted into their paws, making it difficult for an owner to spot issues. ‘Nail problems may be fairly advanced before they’re noticed, unless you’re diligent,’ says O’Brien. A cat excessively licking its feet is often the first sign that something is wrong.
Indoor and outdoor felines are equally prone to nail injuries. ‘The most common problem I see is ingrown nails or a torn nail,’ says O’Brien. Bacterial and viral infections, cancer, allergies, ringworm, autoimmune

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.797245
Retrieved Text: I previously introduced you to 1TDC™, a revolutionary natural solution that keeps joints, muscles and gums healthy at a cellular level. This product goes beyond supplements containing glucosamine and fish oil. It works systemically as a catalyst to allow the body to improve joint and oral health. I chose this product as our 2018 Product of the Year. I don’t use the term “miracle” lightly, but 1TDC™ deserves to be called a miracle supplement.
Skin & Coat Health: As the largest organ, the skin also functions as an important part of the immune system. Healthy skin helps protect against external threats such as viruses and bacteria. 1TDC™ will keep your cat’s coat shiny and healthy.
Performance & Recovery: Because of the hip & joint support 1TDC™ provides, it supports your cat’s muscular power and stamina, which leads to better performance and faster recovery from illness or injurysupplement.
Apply on top of your cat’s food. A cat’s natural licking motion will distribute the product onto the gums sufficiently.
Squeeze capsule contents on your cat’s paw or nose and he/she will lick it off.
A portion will be absorbed into the gums and provide the periodontal benefit, and the rest will be swallowed and circulate throughout the body to provide the muscle and joint benefits. It’s important to understand that the only way your cat will get the periodontal benefits is if a portion of the product is absorbed through the gums.
Linda shares her home with six cats. She also cares for nine feral cats. All of her house cats take and benefit

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.689205
Retrieved Text: Yes, I know it is technically Spring, but today, it snowed again. One of the beautiful things in nature, is seeing a vibrant, red cardinal sitting on a bare branch against falling snowflakes; Chet captured this perfectly.
It’s here! It has been made, Feline Fantasies Kitty Cushion. This cushion was made with a foam interior with an oval cut-out in the top foam layer so Tangee has a cozy cove to get comfy in. The zipper is handy, for washability and I love incorporating all the fabrics from this collection along with a ditzy, filigree print to cover the piping from my fabric stash. Tangee’s tail was wagging when I put him in his new bed, so lets hope he likes it…we’ll see.
Introducing, Feline Fantasies licensed to Timeless Treasures. I thought it would be fun to show the process in the development of this collection. I started off by painting a Tabby cat inspired by our family pet, Tangee. The sketching process was fun and thinking about what they dreamed of. After getting a “go-ahead” from Timeless Treasures, I painted each cat and the little icons for each one. Creating accent fabrics, multi-colored mice and paw prints were developed to compliment the star toss print. The foam covered cushion with all of these fabrics have not been sewn yet, but I will post it when it is done. Any cat lovers out there? WOuld love to see what you do!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.623066
Retrieved Text: Cat animal mask templates to print. Easy and fun to make and perfect for dress-up and animal costume parties, theatre fun, classroom activities and rainy days!
Printable cat mask template + video tutorial!
This cool cat mask also comes as a color-in version and with fun fact sheets. You can buy the easy to make cat mask templates and worksheets here.
How to make your 3D paper cat mask: Easy no-sew patterns!
How to make a paper cat mask!
your template on to a slightly heavier stock paper.
Carefully cut out the cat mask, whiskers and eye holes.
and secure on the back with a little masking tape.
Now glue the whiskers to the front of the mask.
Attach a length of ribbon to either side of your mask.
for a really firm hold.
Meow! Your cat mask is ready to wear!
Easy black cat DIY costume!
You can throw together a fab black cat costume in minutes, using these basics from your kid’s wardrobe.
Put together a quick black cat costume using clothes at home!
Keep it simple with a black tee, leggings, black boots and a black sock for the tail. Bow tie optional!
Pin the tail on with a safety pin. You can stuff it with another sock tif you like!
And of course top it off with your black cat mask!
EASY DIY CAT MASK – Easy-make cute paper cat mask, templates and worksheets!
Why not team your black cat with a black mini top hat? Part of the Happythought printable mini top hat set available in our store!
Add a mini top hat to your mask!
Animal mask templates to print: 10

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.506042
Retrieved Text: And then they go and do something more silly than any dog could ever dream up. And they look even sillier than a dog because, deep down, they’re crying out in shame. And that’s what makes it funny!
Here are 36 funny cat videos to brighten your day! Share with a friend who needs some cheering up!
Face plant sleeping! How does she even breathe! Don’t try this at home, kitties!
Cuteness overload! Here, the most patient cat ever is smothered by baby’s affection. Will the cat snap? Watch to find out.
How dare someone interrupt this cat while he’s watching TV! Total death stare. A teenager, for sure.
I think the joke’s on the dog in this one! Perfect example of how unfunny cats can be (which makes it funny!).
Watch this cat talk! This short film gives Milo and Otis a run for its money. Such perfect translation from cat to English. Does that make it ‘catlish’?
Very. Angry. This precious creature does not appreciate being locked up in a cage. But would you?
Tough job, being a vet or a vet nurse. Much tougher when the cat is Attila the Hun in cat form!
“Friends don’t bite their friend’s ears when sharing a meal,” according to Cat.
This kitty thought life was all about food. Not so! Bath time had other plans for him.
Comedy gold right here! And there’s always one who likes to be different on stage, isn’t there?
We all know cats are cool, but not all cats are this cool. Drop the bass kitty.
Who’s the angriest cat of them all? Watch

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.471226
Retrieved Text: If you have a feline friend at home, you know how challenging it can be to find attractive + modern items for them. We've always opted to let our cat lay on a soft throw blanket versus try to find a bed that we like. Enter: Tuft + Paw. I love their aesthetic and think it would fit in with any home...or least be something you aren't embarrassed to hide when you have company. They even have attractive litter boxes!
Our cat loves being cocooned in her new bed.
And on a pup note, thank you for the well wishes regarding Wilson. He's on the mend, but it's got me thinking we should probably invest in a new (attractive) bed for him too. I've had my eye on this gorgeous ticking stripe bed!
Special thanks to Tuft + Paw for partnering with me on this post!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.435627
Retrieved Text: Cats are an endless source of amusement and befuddlement. These funny felines make wonderful roommates, but their behavior can also be truly peculiar.
If this is your first time owning a cat, you might be bewildered trying to determine what is normal behavior and what could indicate a need for medical attention. That’s why we have put together this handy guide on cat behavior.
Cats may be tiny, but they’re fierce. Their teeth and claws can cause some serious pain, and cat bites and scratches can lead to what’s known as cat scratch fever. If your cat is very aggressive, whether with you or other people or pets, it’s a sign of stress. Take it seriously and look for its root cause. Often times, cats will experience something that provokes them, and may lash out aggressively even hours later. If you are struggling to determine where your cat’s aggression stems from, come consult with us at our Fort Collins animal hospital.
Most cats enjoy pets from humans, but only when they feel like it. If they are feeling annoyed by your affection, they should let you know with avoidant behavior or a gentle nip. Look out for signs of aggression that could mean you will soon be attacked: dilated pupils, turning their head sharply towards you, or a twitching tail all indicate that they have had enough and will soon strike.
If your cat is continuously going outside the litter box, this can indicate a urinary tract infection, or that you aren’t cleaning the box enough. If you struggle with

########
Rank: 24
Score: 38.28634
Retrieved Text: There are many ways our cat shows us his love. Unless we understand how the cat communicates, we may not realize that we are receiving love demonstrations. Can you recognize the signs of cat and human bonding?
In an article from www.theguardian.com, comes this list of ways in which your cat demonstrates his love. Have you recognized them in your pet? Does he show his attention and affection in these ways?
First, he greets you at the door. My cat, Carlos, always knew when my truck came in the driveway. When I entered the house, he would be sitting just back from the door far enough so it wouldn’t hit him when it opened.
He follows you around. My cats liked see what I was up to, so they would come and check on me. If I went hiking, the cat would go along.
He stares at you. The experts say that he will only make eye contact with people he likes.
He blinks at you. This is an example of a kitty kiss. Give him one back. Look at him and slowly blink your eyes and open them.
He meows. He only talks to you, not to other cats. He may also be loudly purring.
He tolerates your affection. A human kiss has no meaning for the cat, but he will tolerate such behavior if he thinks it makes you happy.
He bites you, but only in play. A gentle nip is a sign of affection.
He head-butts you. This is a cat’s way of depositing pheromones on you, and marking you as theirs.
He

########
Rank: 25
Score: 38.25433
Retrieved Text: Cosmo sleeps under the covers with me during the wee hours of the morning. When I climb out of bed, he often stayed cozied-up -- especially if it's a chilly morning. Usually, I can only tell he's still under the covers because there's a little cat-shaped lump next to where I was sleeping, but every once in a while I spy a little paw peeking out at me. What is it about that little tip of a paw that makes me completely melt?
I swear, cat paws are probably the answer to world peace. Don't ya think?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 38.25333
Retrieved Text: factory for corrugated board emery cat scratching scratcher cats refills post,emery scratching board for cats scratcher post cat paw match box boards design inc,emery board cats cat how to make a scratching fluffy kitty scratcher for post,emery board scratcher for cats scratching post refills cat cardboard,emery board refills for cats scratcher nail file lot rectangular red sponge black sandpaper,emery board scratcher for cats scratching post obsession,reviews of emery cat boards board refills for cats scratching scratcher,emery cat urine gone refill oz 2 bottles of board refills cats scratching post for scratcher,whats the best cat nail clippers on market emery board scratching post for cats scratcher,emery scratching board for cats scratcher refills cat refill pads round bed with deluxe.
emery board cats cat how to make a scratching fluffy kitty scratcher for post,emery cat urine gone refill oz 2 bottles of board refills cats scratching post for scratcher,emery scratching board for cats scratcher post cat paw match box boards design inc,reviews of emery cat boards board refills for cats scratching scratcher,emery board refills for cats scratcher nail file lot rectangular red sponge black sandpaper,factory for corrugated board emery cat scratching scratcher cats refills post,emery scratching board for cats scratcher refills cat refill pads round bed with deluxe,emery board scratcher for cats scratching post refills cat cardboard,emery board scratcher for cats scratching post obsession,whats the best cat nail clippers on market emery board scratching post for cats scratcher.
emery scratching board for cats scratcher post cat paw match box boards design inc,emery board scratcher for cats scratching post obsession,emery board

########
Rank: 27
Score: 38.23053
Retrieved Text: I smile as I make the final click. There, my cat now had his own Facebook page: Furby Phillips, with the cutest photo of him, with his black fur bleached a little by the summer sun last year. My girlfriends are going to love it.
I am shocked – at the spelling for one thing, but at who would send such a disturbing message? I look down at Furby lying on his cushion, licking his paw. I am deciding how to reply, if at all, when another friend request pops up. It’s another cat, this time wearing a balaclava. I accept it.
I’m trying to work out whether ‘meet’ is intended as an invitation or as dead animal tissue, when another friend request comes up. I think it’s from a canary. It certainly looks like Joey, Tina and Josh’s pet from number 17, but I can’t be sure as his eyes have been pixelated. The name Jailbird69 offers no more clues other than someone’s warped sense of humour.
Over the next half hour, a dozen more requests come, mainly cats – all heavily disguised, but also a couple of dogs making heinous threats against him and his kittens, past and future. My poor Furby, sitting there, rubbing the back of his ear with this paw in that irresistible way of his, oblivious to all this hatred.
I’m scared to let him out and move silently into the kitchen, bending to quietly turn the dial on the catflap to its ‘lock’ position..
Blast, it’s Furby – he must have sensed what I’m

########
Rank: 28
Score: 38.20112
Retrieved Text: cat shower curtain cat shower curtain cat shower curtain uk.
cat shower curtain smart cat shower curtain new friendly shower curtain creative animal bathroom cat paw shower curtain hooks.
cat shower curtain swan bird cat shower curtains with hooks for bathroom decor modern bath waterproof cat shower curtain bed bath and beyond.
cat shower curtain cat shower curtains cat shower curtain canada.
cat shower curtain cat shower curtain in cute style loading zoom cat in the hat shower curtain hooks.
cat shower curtain awesome cat shower curtain 6 cat shower curtain bed bath and beyond.
cat shower curtain cartoon cat shower curtain waterproof fabric shower curtain cloth crown alphabet tower bath curtains with hooks space cat shower curtain uk.
cat shower curtain the hillbilly cat shower curtain waterproof polyester fabric shower curtain online with piece on store space cat shower curtain uk.
cat shower curtain cartoon owl shower curtain for kids bathroom cat shower curtain polyester cat in the hat shower curtain hooks.
cat shower curtain black cat shower curtain mouse cat shower curtain kids black cat shower curtain hooks cat in the hat shower curtain hooks.
cat shower curtain country cat shower curtain country cats shower curtain hooks cat lover cute funny super hero kitten cat shower curtain uk.
cat shower curtain vinyl cat shower curtain bathroom decor waterproof black red white cat shower curtain rings.
cat shower curtain country cat shower curtain country cat shower curtain cat shower curtain arty cat shower curtain country cat paw shower curtain hooks.
cat shower curtain cat shower curtain kitty with flower and bird print for bathroom cat shower curtain bathrooms

########
Rank: 29
Score: 38.192047
Retrieved Text: Have a look at this adorably cute Kitty. This adorable kitten is playing over her cozy bed while she enjoy snuggling in its soft furry texture. She tends to clean herself playfully fondling and snuggling with her own body. This is heartwarming and cute video of this lovable punch faced baby.
This baby kitty is fond of: play full snuggling, cheerful licking & heartwarming fondling and it is what this cat wants. This short video reveals how comfortable the baby is in her new furry bed cleaning his body and rolling over in new furry bed sheets.

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several times. the man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: played paper if and shoot the arrows to hit the target, then he hang from the board with his bow and arrow.

Ending 2: went to the target board and talked to the camera.

Ending 3: eventually throw the arrow, but it flew into the gravel is near the targets.

Ending 4: have his bow as he talk to the camera, he pulled it out to show how to put with its flex, tighten, and notch that was attached to his bow.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.718624
Retrieved Text: Police fatally shot Vassell, an unarmed black man, on Wednesday.
The New York Police Department released transcripts on Friday of three 911 calls, as well as security camera footage of the moments leading up to Saheed Vassell’s killing by police in Brooklyn.
The roughly two-minute video appears to show Vassell walking through Brooklyn’s Crown Heights neighborhood on Wednesday, sporadically pointing a silver object at people as he passes them.
In the 911 transcripts, callers told dispatchers that a black man in a brown jacket was pointing what looked like a gun at people on the street.
911 Caller: There is a guy walking around. He looks like he is crazy but he’s pointing something at people that looks like a gun and he’s like popping it like he’s pulling the trigger. He’s not pulling a trigger but he’s making a motion as if he is and there is something sticking out of his jacket.
Dispatcher: Ok, is anybody injured?
Dispatcher: Ok, give me one second. Ok help is on the way, I just have a few more questions, ok?
Dispatcher: You said it looks like a gun?
911 Caller: Hi I’m walking on Utica Avenue in the direction to yeah walking away from Eastern Parkway towards Empire Boulevard. There’s a guy in a brown jacket walking around pointing I don’t know what is he’s pointing at people’s faces. I don’t know what if it is if it’s a gun. It’s silver.
Dispatcher: You said Utica Avenue and Eastern Parkway?
911 Caller: He’s an African American guy. He has on a brown jacket.
Dispatcher: Laundromat and what’s going

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.029087
Retrieved Text: This disturbing CCTV footage shows a young man pulling on a mask bearing the picture of a skull before he robs two boys at knifepoint on board a train in London.
A young male, wearing a black jacket, dark trousers, and a horrifying mask, was filmed walking down the train carriage towards the CCTV camera before pulling a knife from his pocket.
Another camera angle then captures the man from behind as he robs two innocent commuters at knifepoint.
He can be seen leaning over his victims as he demands their valuable possessions.
According to the victims, Tyron Franka, 18, said “you’re getting ganked” then showed the victims the knife and told them to hand over their possessions in November last year.
He was jailed for five years at Croydon Crown Court on Monday 21 January for a series of offences where he had threatened and robbed passengers.
British Transport Police DS Joanna Montague, said: “This case is an excellent example of the strength that CCTV plays in bringing offenders to justice."
Franka, of Gomshall Gardens in Kenley, Croydon, was also videoed on Sunday 28 October robbing a victim of an Armani bag between Purley Oaks and Kenley stations, he threatened to stab the victim but no knife was seen.
The next day he snatched a phone from a victim on board a train at Kenley station. When the victim asked for it back he is reported to have said “skidaddle before I get a knife out.” Again, no knife was seen.
On Sunday 4 November he robbed the two boys at knifepoint while wearing

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.17212
Retrieved Text: The market for leather jackets regularly featured in top television series is growing to be a really competitive and open one. It requires updates every day with new seasons coming in. Today, BuyMovieJackets.com is bringing to you the famous Michael Jai White Arrow jacket. This jacket is introduced and taken from the one and only Ben Turner, who plays the role of Michael Jai in the famous television series called Arrow. The season 2 in which this jacket was featured with great recognition and appreciation was aired in 2014. The leather jacket is a true reflection of his looks and character in the famous drama series.
When we talk about the features in this Michael Jai White Arrow jacket, then it is its perfect quality stitching and premium designed genuine leather material. When you wear this jacket, you’ll feel the comfort level because of its luxury viscose lining. The jacket has full-length sleeves and erects belted collar. The front is perfectly fitting with YKK branded zippers. If you want a variety in your wardrobe then this brown color leather jacket will be a perfect addition to your already loaded leather jacket collection.A highly recommended leather jacket if you are a fan of something modern and trendy.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.010277
Retrieved Text: A man who was shot through the skull with an arrow by a friend trying to knock a fuel can off his head survived with no brain damage, doctors say.
Surgeons removed the arrow from Anthony Roberts' head by drilling a larger hole around the tip at the skull's back and pulling the arrow through.
Roberts, 25, was shot Saturday at the friend's home in Grants Pass, about 200 miles south of Portland. No charges were filed against his friend.
Paramedics saved his life by restraining him when he tried to pull the arrow out himself in the helicopter on the way to University Hospital in Portland, said Dr. Johnny B. Delashaw.
"If he had succeeded, the flanges slicing through his brain would have killed him instantly," said Delashaw, a neurosurgeon at the hospital. The arrow's tip went 8 to 10 inches into Roberts' brain.
Roberts, an unemployed carpenter, lost his right eye.
At a hospital news conference Tuesday, Roberts initially told reporters that he was walking through a park when he heard a bow fired, then felt the arrow hit. Later, he told them his friend was trying to knock the gallon can off his head as part of an initiation into a rafting and outdoor group called Mountain Men Anonymous.
Investigators said they had no doubt that the can story is true. Roberts, who is expected to be released from the hospital in a few days, said he was drinking with friends when the accident occurred.
"I feel really stupid," Roberts said.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.811886
Retrieved Text: Anyone who saw anything suspicious in a park where a nine-year-old girl was sexually assaulted are being asked to contact police.
The girl was assaulted by a man in Stefan Leys Pocket Park, Daventry, Northamptonshire, on Sunday afternoon.
The man also touched two other girls inappropriately, said police.
Police are asking people in the park between 1430 GMT and 1530 GMT on Sunday to remember whether they saw a man in his 40s talking to children.
The girls eventually escaped and saw the man walking into an alleyway leading to Oriel Road in the town.
Insp Carol Ross, of Northamptonshire Police, said: "We are still keen to speak to people who were in the country park during the early afternoon.
"If anyone in the park can recall this man playing with children, talking to them or trying to engage with them then please contact us."
Police have received information from a woman who was in the country park at the time and has reported that her daughter was approached by a man who offered her cash.
The offender is described as white and of average build and height.
He was wearing a black leather jacket with the sleeves pushed up and denim jeans with a Union Jack pattern on the back pocket.
He was wearing brown workman-style boots with laces.
He was balding with dark shaven hair, his face was unshaven and he had noticeably yellow teeth.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Northamptonshire Police.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.211937
Retrieved Text: February 12, 2013 by Katherine Hajer in "#tuesdayserial", "Tilly"
"Stay there," the woman in the brown leather jacket said to Tilly. She strode across the living room, pulling a glowing ball from her pocket.
"On three?" said the man in the boiler suit.
"Get on the other side of the doorknob first," said the woman. "Let me be the one nearest the opening."
The man shifted over and let the woman take position. They nodded through the count together, then the man opened the door a few centimetres and the woman dropped the glowing ball just outside the door.
The man slammed the door shut. All three of them, the man, the woman, and Tilly, listened to the screams of the hostiles rise to nothingness and the glow fade from under the door. Tilly noticed that the man and the woman seemed to be able to hear the screams for longer than she did.
Tilly started to say something when the hostiles seemed to be well and truly gone, but the man in the boiler suit held up a hand and she stopped. She waited until the man and the woman left the door and sat down when they did.
"How many do you have left?" said the man.
"How soon do you think they'll be back?"
The woman frowned and waved her fingers in the air as if tracing the flights of dust motes in the air. Tilly figured this was the Other equivalent of counting on one's fingers.
"In this perception? An hour, maybe longer. It depends on their breeding capabilities."
"So, then... we could

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.645147
Retrieved Text: NICETOWN (WPVI) -- Police are investigating an arson attempt after a domestic incident in the Nicetown section of Philadelphia.
It happened around 12:30 a.m. Thursday on the 1600 block of West Bristol Street.
Police say an argument between a man and woman got out of control, and the woman then attempted to burn a jacket owned by the man.
Police and the fire marshal responded to the scene.
The man's sleeve on the jacket was burned. He was not seriously injured.
Both the man and woman are talking to the police.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.5775
Retrieved Text: Colleagues at office relax in your break sitting on couch, looking at tablet and talking among themselves. On a comfortable orange couch sat two women and between them a man in a gray jacket and blue shirt, eating an apple. He looks at screen first to one woman, blonde then brunette. However, he pokes his finger at screens of both and that is saying them. Perhaps between friends is a game contest using their tablets, and man tells them how to play.
Attractive women, a blonde and a brunette, sitting in office on sofa with a tablet and communicate. Two women colleagues in office decided to take a break from work and sit on orange couch, in a special area. Brunette keeps the tablet in his hands and after a while shows picture on it my friend. Then they both smile seeing something funny on screen. They tied a conversation and they begin to discuss what they see. Next to them lay a soft pillow, and through window above them, room gets daylight.
Two women are discussing blueprints sitting in office. One is showing construction plan to female boss sitting at desk with computer in front trying to ask advice or approval or to offer another decision for future development of company according to perspectives. Chief is wearing long black loose hair and white classic blouse, another striped dress and curly hair. Man sitting in front is talking on cellphone deciding business questions wearing grey jacket and blue shirt.
Two women and a man looking at the screen with

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.463732
Retrieved Text: Arrow Mania is an original game because you really can’t put into a category. It’s not just a puzzle game but it’s not an arcade game as well.
It’s a nice mix and you’ll understand what I mean when you’ll play it.
The main screen is the standard one with just few buttons.
The Options button will let you configure volume for sound effect and music and to choose how you prefer to fire your arrow : by drawing forward or by pulling back.
The Start button will show you the screen where you decide the level and the difficulty.
The game is very simple to play but really fun. You need to move your arrow using the 2 buttons on the bottom left and right.
These buttons will activate a magnet on the left or on the right that will attract the arrow. You need to position your arrow on top of a board and shoot the target. When you’ll shoot the target the board will move up and put your arrow on another area.
The game will be trickier when in some levels you’ll see obstacles like birds that you shouldn’t shoot. If you shoot them 2 times you’ll lose.
It’s a really addictive game and it’s very fun to see the bird angry when you shoot it twice.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.103434
Retrieved Text: For those of you who don’t get that… Franco Sarto is a shoe and handbag designer. And I heart him.
We all know some women love shoes… but me? I’ve always been a coat and jacket girl. I can’t even tell you how many times my mom said “NO!” from high school thru parts of college when I found yet another new coat I wanted… I love them. I have no idea why. I own nearly 25 coats/jackets right now… Who needs 25 coats and/or jackets?? I have a bright kelly green London Fog rain coat. Seriously. Ask @djlunchbox. I’m pretty sure he’s seen it. It’s beautiful. I also own a very nice lime green and brown check swing coat that I found at Target in Florida during my Christmas vacation… I own two leather coats – one from Wilsons, a relatively recent addition, and a seriously old-school Members Only leather jacket. I acquired the Members Only jacket from a friend at OU. I absolutely love it.
But few years ago, I was in TJ Maxx or Marshalls and a purse caught my eye… I loved it instantly.
Since then I’ve added Franco Sarto shoes to my obsession. Franco Sarto Dublin, in black, to be specific… 3″ heels. But they are incredibly comfy.
That is them in brown… I have the black ones… I planned to buy them in brown and a 2nd pair in black… but I can’t find them online anymore. So sad. So very, very sad…. Yes, I did come close to literally crying.
I still keep a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.758059
Retrieved Text: Compound bows shoot arrows at over 300 fps (feet per second), compared to recurves which do closer to 200 fps - which gives an archer a significant advantage when it comes to shooting longer distances.
The Mathews Halon 32 has a top IBO speed of 350 fps.
So immediately what you learn here is that even the smallest compound bows, like the Mathews Stoke youth bow and Gearhead micro bow, still shoot arrows at faster speeds than recurves. Compound Bows (and those people who are big fans of them) are essentially speed freaks.
You also learn that 300 fps is really more of a minimum. As you can see most of the normal adult compound bows are shooting between 320 to 350 fps.
So why does speed matter for shooting longer distances?
The short answer: Longer arcs equals more accuracy.
Arrows arc their way upwards and eventually downwards at longer distances. At short distances arrows arc up (which means the archer has to aim the arrow significantly below the target), at medium distances they begin to arc downwards (which means the archer has to start aiming higher, possibly just below or just above the target - depending on the distance), and at long distances arrows arc dramatically lower.
If the arc is really short (shot from a weak or possibly sluggish bow), the shots lose accuracy because of the slightest change in aim. In comparison a strong / fast bow will shoot arrows with a flatter trajectory, which allows an archer to more easily make aim corrections that rapidly increase their accuracy. They

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.757015
Retrieved Text: Arrow Season 5 Episode 5 Spoilers, Air Date, Promo, Synopsis 5×5 Updates: The next week’s coming chapter gives us a sufficient number of reasons to be excited. We are going to see more of Tobias Church and the appearance of one of the familiar and title character from the DC Comics world.
The show has already shown characters like Vixen and Constantine before. Likewise, it looks like the new face in the show will serve for a small amount of time. However, it may also set up the foundation of how it will be used further in the installment or coming seasons.
Check: Game of Thrones season 7 predictions.
The upcoming episode is titled “Human Target” and official synopsis reads the following.
Oliver will reach out to an old friend to seek his help else he would end up without his team soon. At this moment, there is nothing much going right for the new Team Arrow. Instead of doing all things right, they end up doing a series of comedy errors which results in happening one thing wrong after another.
Moreover, Felicity’s new boyfriend, Detective Malone will join Anti-Crime Unit (ACU) and soon he will start knowing her secret. It will be interesting to see how they handle the situation. Adding to it, the Human Target is seen talking to Church in the promo. Let’s see if he saves his friend or he will help the evil man in killing the Mayor.
The promo further shows in how much danger Oliver really is in as the Mayor and not the Green

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.705156
Retrieved Text: How can one get close to a גדול בתורה, someone who is great in Torah and a real tzadik, in order to be able to learn from him and grow?
The question is how can we get close to the Gedolim, the real tzadikim. But before you answer that question, you have to ask, “Who are the Gedolim?” That’s number one. I’m not saying they’re not Gedolim. ברוך ה׳ we have Gedolim. Absolutely! I know Gedolim. I won’t tell you who they are though. Because the other ones will be jealous and they’ll get upset at me – why didn’t I tell you their names also.
We have many Gedolim and tzadikim today too. But you have to find them. And then, when you discover a Gadol and a tzadik, make it your business to live near him. Your wife will say that you can’t afford the rent. We can’t move. I want to live near my mother. Whatever it is, you’ll find difficulties.
But if you’re able to live near a true עבד ה׳, someone who is really serving Hashem, then when he walks in the street, ask him, “Can I walk along with you?” Ask him. Maybe he’ll let you. You know, that you’ll be a very lucky man to find a Gadol like that.
You know that there was once a boy – I think I told you this story once already. There was a boy who saw a Gadol walking outside the town frequently. So the boy followed him. And because he followed him, he became

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.651241
Retrieved Text: She brushed her forehead with the back of her hand. The hand got wet and warm.
“Makes me sweat,” she continued, rubbing her wet hand against her leg.
At the opposite end of the table sat a man dressed in a black leather jacket, wearing a black baseball cap, drinking from a small glass. He took two sips, one after another, finishing the drink. He shoved the glass aside then slid his hand into the inside pocket of his black jacket, the one by the heart. He kept it there for a long time. The bartender, who was watching the two of them from behind the counter, wondered if the man was going to pull out a gun.
“Get over it!” the man commanded to the woman, and turning to the bartender he said “one more for me.” Then he pulled out the hand from his inner pocket of his jacket. He was holding a wallet that he opened and, taking a bill out of it, put it by the empty glass.
The bartender came and replaced the empty glass with a full one. He tried to see the man’s face but it was dark and smoky inside the room and the brim of the hat was concealing the eyes, throwing odd shadows on the man’s figure. He just took the bill and walked away.
The woman looked over the man’s head, towards the door, across the room. The bartender thought that she may want to leave. Her glass was empty but she didn’t seem to mind. Her hand gripped the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.341955
Retrieved Text: Hall of Fame NFL running back Jim Brown is getting slammed by black liberals because of his support for President Trump.
Brown’s vocal support for President Trump was early following a meeting with President-elect Trump and continues with a 2020 endorsement.
However, Brown’s support for President Trump makes him a target of black liberals.
“I should be criticizing Trump on every level because he does certain things that call for criticism,” Brown said, “but when I look at television I see all these announcers become experts, and they’re pointing the fingers, and they’re not doing a doggone thing but pointing their fingers, I find myself really pulling for the president.
Brown was right about the backlash.
For many, Jim Brown is considered to be one of the greatest athletes of all time, and arguably the best football player to ever lace up a pair of cleats.
But to those in the African-American community, he’s been much more than that.
Brown is an icon in a number of ways other than from playing professional football.
Many years of social activism and working with youth through his Amer-I-Can Program deserves more than a few lines in Phillips’ column. Instead, Brown’s work and accomplishments to improve communities and lives were overshadowed by his support for President Trump.
After the 2016 Presidential Election, Brown was one of the puppets whom Trump used as a publicity stunt from the black community when he accepted an invitation to speak with him at Trump Tower.
Brown has done that without an introduction.
Because all I had to do was pay attention to his actions

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.21373
Retrieved Text: Sterling K. Brown couldn’t contain his SAG Awards excitement in just one suit jacket!
The 41-year-old This Is Us actor made history as the first black man to win in the category of Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series. And he was over the moon when his cast won the Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series Award.
In fact, Brown was so elated by the win that he ripped his own jacket!
The ladies of This Is Us, including Moore, Metz, and Susan Kelechi, all happened to show up to Sunday’s show in almost identical royal blue hued dresses. Brown revealed the matching styles was unintentional.
As excited as the cast is for their big win, Brown’s own personal accomplishments and his history-making Male Actor win aren’t lost on him.
True to form, Brown stayed tight-lipped on the mystery surrounding Jack’s death, but he did give fans some clues as to how the rest of the season will pan out.
For more from the SAG Awards, watch the clip below!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.146416
Retrieved Text: A few months after the World Trade center bombing in 1993 I stood by a gate on the second floor of the Port Authority bus station. I was waiting for my then wife and six-year old son, who where returning from Martha’s Vineyard where they’d spent a week at her mom’s home.
They were on a Peter Pan bus, or maybe it was Bonanza, but I know for sure it was not a Greyhound. The bus was late, and I was getting anxious. I went out into the bus bay to smoke a cigarette. You could still grab a smoke there without getting hassled.
I went back in to the waiting room proper, and I saw out of the corner of my eye the elevator door open and someone pushed a large suitcase on wheels out of the elevator but did not get off. From where I was standing I could not see the person. No one else got off the elevator, just the bag.
There were a few people in the waiting area with me, but no one else had noticed, or if they had, gave no sign of it. I walked over to it, and looked around. It seemed to belong to no one; it was just there, a large, solid, black, and ominous. This was classic terrorist behavior, I thought. Just drop off the bomb and split. My first instinct was to run. Get out of here; get away before this very large bomb goes off. The bag was probably three feet high and two wide,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.99248
Retrieved Text: A man is arrested after police say he physically assaulted his wife at a hotel in Laredo.
Phy-Vinh-Do is facing charges of assault causing bodily injury and possession of a controlled substance. A witness reported a woman was being pushed at the 800 block of Garden Street. At the scene, police found the suspect who made movements of pulling something out of his jacket. After an inspection, police found Xanax inside his jacket.
The female victim, in this case, sustained minor injuries to her ankle, wrist and arm.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.759346
Retrieved Text: PRESIDENTIAL candidates this year have been as clothes conscious as a layout in Gentlemen's Quarterly - or Rolling Stone, depending on what image they think the voters are looking for.
The "take no prisoners" journalist Patrick Buchanan announced his candidacy on "The McLaughlin Group" where he was a panelist, all duded up in a rust suede jacket and slicked-down hair. By the time he hit the campaign trail he'd changed his image to dark, long suits strict as an undertaker's and sincere ties.
Former California Gov. Jerry Brown, who campaigned in an earlier political life in Nehru jacket and beads, has changed his image. He emerged this time in a trademark white turtleneck worn with a dark jacket. It gave him the look of a defrocked cleric.
When he hit Ypsilanti for the Michigan primary, he donned a blue satin union jacket from UAW Local 1776 with his name embroidered on the front. The jacket cost $65 but is worth a million dollars in publicity showing Governor Brown looking like a working man, friend of labor on TV. He may wear it clear to the California primary.
Brown has also been seen campaigning in $1,500 Armani suits as Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton pointed out in a reference to the Brown family wealth. But comedian Jay Leno summed up the changing image best when he said Brown wore a lumberman's plaid jacket in Maine, changed to a UAW jacket in Michigan, and bulletproof jacket in New York.
President and candidate George Bush was filmed roving around Camp David recently in a cart

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.746332
Retrieved Text: When the Sooners got the ball back, Riley had ’em big time spooked. With trips right, Smart had shaded both of his linebackers over to the right, and in essence had 5 guys over to cover 3 receivers. Look at the big area vacated to the left of the linebacker.
With Hollywood coming on the Jet Sweep motion, Baker raises up and throws it out to em. The give is clearly there as well, with Samia comboing up to the linebacker. In behind Bobby Evans was a nice lane had Baker given it.
But this is easy money, and a pitch and catch out for 9. What Riley was doing early was basic and easy to execute. Georgia never had an answer for these swing passes off of the jet sweeps to Brown.
On 2nd and short, look at all of the space that Andrews is getting from the DB. Georgia throws 7 in the box this time against OU’s 6 blockers. With QB run game OU has a plus one.
Samia’s lucky he didn’t get whistled for a hold here, and had Rodney went outside of Andrews, I think he’s still running. One of Rodney’s strengths, and weaknesses, is that he sticks to the play.
He showed nice patience, and this was the 1st uncalled facemask on an OU runner in the game. The red arrow path behind Andrews is there as well. This was really nice push against a very stout defense. Samia didn’t give up, didn’t get called and got em on the ground while Rodney got the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.744816
Retrieved Text: Showing results for tags 'BOTAC'.
02880: Lion Man Brothers Of Tooth And Claw _____________________________________________________________________________________________ The last of the Brotherhood. And here i really used brown washes and reaper Ink's to get the mane going and to keep some the base color.
03190: Blacktongue, Gnoll Ranger By John (Tre) Manor The WIP: 03190: Blacktongue, Gnoll Ranger Brothers Of Tooth And Claw Sige -------- Barton -------- Pa'oul -------- Dagmar Dust of the Colosseum - Part 3 I was sitting on the opposite end when he sprinted to a stop after the gates rose. Before the dust could settle he was already reaching for an arrow. We had never seen a beastman archer before but then again no one had ever seen what had happen that day. That bow of his, black as night. They say it was made from the root of the elder tree in the Nether forest. But I think it was his eyes that capture the attention of the crowd; piecing ebony stare. After he let fly his first arrow the crowd yelled out his name, â€œSIGE, SIGE, SIGE!â€ The sound of his arrows screaming across the battleground made him a crowd favorite. It was truly freighting to think of an entire pack of these fellows hunting you. Name prononcation: [siig] like signature _____________________________________________________________ *White balance only* Thanks for all the encouragement. I feel the force growing in me! How does everyone feel I am progressing? C&C Welcome!
02785: Sabertooth Tiger Man The WIP Brothers Of Tooth And Claw __________________________________________________________________________________________ I decided that my next miniature looked like

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.603025
Retrieved Text: A TRAIN-RIDING creep kissed an elderly woman on the cheek before sexually assaulting her in bayside Melbourne.
The 87-year-old victim - who uses a walker - was waiting for a train at Aspendale Railway Station on September 22 about 11.25am when an unknown man called out to her.
He asked if she wanted money and she declined. The man then kissed the woman and attacked her. She broke free and boarded the train.
It's believed the offender boarded a Frankston-bound train and disembarked at Carrum Railway Station just before noon.
Transit Crime Investigation Unit detectives have released an image of a man they believe can assist with inquiries.
He appeared caucasian with brown hair, facial hair and was of medium build.
He wore a black jacket and blue jeans.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers via 1800 333 00 or crimestoppersvic.com.au.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.544182
Retrieved Text: This black leather jacket takes from the tv show Arrow inspired by John Barrowman who played the role of Malcolm Merlyn. He wore this black outfit in the different scene. We celebstyleoutfits now deliver you this Malcolm Merlyn Black Jacket, with the same style and quality. Premium quality leather material using in it also faux/pu material delivery as per customer requirement. This John Barrowman Jacket features four front pockets, two on chest and two on the vest all of them are zip closing. Round neck buttoned collar with buckle include in it. The Sleeves are long and zip closing, we gave this outfit in two different colors black and brown so you can get it as per your gesture. Buy this Arrow John Barrowman Black Leather Jacket and avail all over the globe free shipping.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.523493
Retrieved Text: While similar to quotes, proverbs are old sayings that cannot be applied to any one person. They are often cultural in their origin, and while likely started with one unknown person, they have since become a saying used by many people.
Proverbs often have a deeper meaning for those wise enough to think about what the deeper meaning might be. Typically a proverb is a metaphor, comparing one thing to another. Sometimes the proverb is also meant to be funny, but not always.
The implied pun is fruit flies. It is corny, and you would think that this proverb is pretty much useless - unless you consider that old things tend to go bad, sour, rot, etc - and that time goes faster than you think. Thus a wise person should respect time and take a moment to use things before they go bad and remember to throw them out before they reach the point where they start to have bad consequences (such as old bananas attracting fruit flies).
The primary goal of a proverb is to impart some speck of wisdom. However small.
Lets take for example the Sudanese Proverb: "Let rats shoot arrows at each other." The implied wisdom here is that untrustworthy people (rats) will end up killing each other. The implied wisdom is that a person should: 1) Not associate themselves with untrustworthy rats. 2) They should not be rats themselves.
Many of the proverbs on this page are cultural proverbs that are not necessarily about archery, but using archery as a metaphor to talk about something

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.400536
Retrieved Text: Police are appealing for information after a knife point robbery in Penwortham.
A man entered the McColl’s convenience store in Leyland Road, Penwortham at around 9.25pm on Friday evening (October 6) and approached the counter.
He threatened a shop worker with a knife, demanding she open the till. He then produced a second knife and continued to insist that the cash register be opened.
A separate worker has then opened the till and the offender grabbed around £250 in cash. He then run out of the shop.
DC Dom Webster, from Chorley Police, said: “This must have been terrifying for the women working in the shop and they have understandably been left shaken by their ordeal. Thankfully they weren’t physically hurt.
The offender is described as white, in his late thirties to early forties, of medium build with brown eyes. He had short brown facial hair and was wearing a lightweight waterproof black jacket and navy blue jogging bottoms.
Anyone with information is asked to call police on 01257 246179 or if they fail to get an answer, 101. Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.359127
Retrieved Text: “Protocol is fifteen minutes.” She took a deep breath. “I’ll need Khait, and we should gather everyone. We may need to move fast.” She started dialing her phone again.
“So Pachua is on his way?” Abigail entered, followed by Khait.
The sound of Ted’s shout brought Daniel’s head up. He exchanged a brief glance with Matthias before they both went running in that direction. Ted was coming out of his office, his face pale as he rushed toward them, looking over his shoulder. “Monica. Oh dear god, he…” Ted shook his head before stepping to the side of the corridor and pulling the fire alarm. The sound of the siren blasted through the air as a long haired man in a leather jacket also stepped out of Ted’s office. Daniel’s eyes widened. There was blood splattered on the jacket.
Matthias immediately moved to interpose himself between them and the newcomer. Daniel breathed a small sigh of relief. The center didn’t have many people in it, and most of those were in the game room upstairs. They’d be going out the back exit. He could see blood on the window of Ted’s office. Dammit, he’d liked Monica. She was sweet. Matthias drew himself to his full height. The man smirked. Then he started toward them.
Ted caught Daniel’s arm, pulling him back as Matthias stood his ground. As soon as the man got closer, Matthias moved forward, fist aimed for the guy’s throat. Daniel’s eyes widened as the man caught Matthias’s punch with one hand, stopping it cold. “Wolf.” The man

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.347954
Retrieved Text: Police believe a 31-year-old man shot while live-streaming on Facebook was targeted, and the violence — which took place Thursday afternoon as bystanders looked on — may be gang-related.
The victim hasn’t been named, but he is known to law enforcement for past crimes. According to the Chicago Tribune, he was hit in the face and groin, and is recovering in the hospital from his wounds; he’s in critical condition.
The unknown shooter fled the scene and has not yet been apprehended.
The shooting took place at about 4:50 p.m. in the West Englewood neighborhood, at the intersection of 56th Street and Hoyne. After he was shot, the investigators began their investigation into the incident with a now-standard online search and found the video, the Associated Press reported.
“We are confident (it) isn’t a hoax,” said spokesman Anthony Guglielmi.
Warning: The following footage may be disturbing to some readers.
“More and more of these incidents either originate or escalate from some type of activity that is on a social media platform,” he said.
So far, police have two theories as to what happened while the man was live-streaming in West Englewood. It may have been revenge for taunting rivals online, or he was taunting another gang purposefully on their territory.
The life-streaming footage is disturbing.
The man who shot the video had moved away from Chicago and returned perhaps mere hours, or a few days, before he was gunned down, the Chicago Sun-Times reported. He was live-streaming on Facebook to his friends at the time of the shooting, meaning anyone could’ve been watching the violence

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.34034
Retrieved Text: A downward arrow was next to Tarell Brown's name on nfldraftscout.com. The arrow signals the direction of a player's draft stock, which, in Brown's case, mainly stemmed from his arrest on two misdemeanor charges on Sept. 4. Nevertheless, the 49ers picked the University of Texas cornerback in the fifth round of April's draft.
The answer is as complicated as the man himself. Many draft evaluations failed to mention Brown's selection as Big-12 all-academic second team or his membership on UT's academic honor roll.
Also, Brown played most of his senior season with a hairline fracture in his toe. If he had sat out, NFL suitors would have based their evaluations on his brilliant junior season, when Texas won the national championship.
The blue arrow also doesn't account for Brown's parents, two dedicated, hard-working people who are now deceased.
And how could any short draft evaluation explain Brown's life and the tragedies it has known?
When Brown was 10, just a year removed from winning the Dallas area's Punt, Pass and Kick competition, he was awakened on Aug. 2, 1995 by police officers.
They started telling him things he didn't understand.
"They said stuff like, 'Everything happens for a reason' and 'God has a plan,' " Brown said as officers led him out of his Mesquite, Texas, home, which he shared with his mother. Brown's uncle soon arrived and told Tarell his mother was dead -- murdered by a single shot to the head.
The night before, the garage door was jammed, so Tonya Edmonds parked her car in an alley. The assailant confronted her

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.332733
Retrieved Text: Sir, – Stopping at the lights on Harcourt Street and St Stephen’s Green in Dublin, my attention was drawn to a fellow cyclist pulling aggressively on the zipper of his jacket pocket. It was jammed. Inside the pocket his telephone was pinging loudly. He was frantic to answer the call. Why? Because he would lose the delivery gig if he didn’t get to it on time.
Finally the zip unravelled itself from the nylon attached and he got to the phone, but it had gone quiet.
He shouted a couple of swear words to illustrate the frustration he was feeling. It meant he was back to the end of the queue with the fast-food delivery app that was “employing” him.
I felt sorry for the young man as he dragged his bike off the busy road and sat on the step of one of the Georgian houses. It continued to rain. He looked out at the passing traffic and then bent his head facing the screen of his mobile phone. No business. And all because of a jammed pocket zipper on an anorak provided by the app or company that he gigs for.
Brexit – a never-ending compromise?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.327303
Retrieved Text: Buy Walk on Arrow - Steam Gift (EU) and get your product with detailed activation instructions within minutes via email! Don't miss out this offer.
Walk on Arrow is an innovative hybrid of archery and complete freedom of movement only possible in VR! Hide, trace and fight! Using your bow and arrow to beat all of your opponents and become the one stand at last.
A Whole New Approach to Moving! you can walk on your arrow! Every time you shoot a hook-claw arrow, your character will move in a tie with the arrow, and you can shoot another hook-claw arrow when you are in the air! Enjoy the fluency and nausea-free moving experience!
Short Bow, Scatter Bow, Repeating Bow, Sniper Bow, Composite Bow. Choose your favorite bow and shoot your opponent out!
Airdrop/Radar tied with a balloon will appear periodically. You can get powerful weapons from the air-drop. If you stand near the radar for a while, it will burst off an EMP shockwave revealing all other player’s trace.
You can get Boom arrow or Frozen arrow from air drop. When Boom arrow landed in the target or ground, it will make a explosion damaging players nearby. When Frozen arrow landed in the target or ground, it will freeze players nearby.
Want to become a cool guy? You can wear a leather jacket and a Ray-Ban glasses to become the terminator! Want to become funny? You can wear a hen hat and Koke-Kokko during the game! You can also change your bow, your arrow shaft, and your arrow tail's appearance.
Each support

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man walks outside plugs his lawn mower in and gets ready to mow. he... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: drives through the grass while drinking from a large cup of water and carrying his lawn mower.

Ending 2: walks off the porch and goes back inside.

Ending 3: starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass.

Ending 4: does this multiple times until a pale orange moon appears overhead.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 51.638233
Retrieved Text: When you’ve got a lot of trimming work to do, you could go outside with a set of old-fashioned grass clippers. That process is pretty time intensive, however, and does a number on your grip. George Ballas new that there had to be a better way. He was more of a marketer than an inventor, trying to sell early portable phones while running a dance studio as an instructor. The Weed Eater was by far his biggest hit. By 1976, it was selling $40 million annually. Not too bad for a veteran of World War II and Korea.
The Weed Eater was the “once in a lifetime invention” for George Ballas, so here is a look at some other revolutionary lawn care inventions.
One of the most routine chores that a lawn requires is a regular mowing when in season. If you’ve got a large yard or you just don’t like to get outside and mow, then you could tear up your lawn and put in some rocks. You might decide to install some of the new artificial turf that has a rubber underlayer. If neither option seems to tempting, then No Mow Grass is the invention you need. It’s real grass, a combination of centipede and creeping bluegrass, and it typically only grows to a total height of 3.5 inches.
Getting a lawn mower or a weed whacker started can be a difficult task – especially if it is the first start of the season. The pull starting mechanism can be hard to pull, but that doesn’t change

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.5876
Retrieved Text: VIDEO: Star-Spangled awesome! 10-year-old lawn mowing entrepreneur asks President Trump if he can mow White House lawn. Prez says yes!
Ten-year-old Frank from Falls Church, Virginia, just outside of Washington, is a lawn mowing entrepreneur. He wrote to President Trump requesting an opportunity to mow the White House lawn some day. Inspired by the young man’s spirit, President Trump agreed and Frank is on his way to the White House for a tour, and to hang out with the White House grounds crew, and to mow at least a portion of the White House lawn.
It would be my honor to mow the White House lawn for some weekend for you. Even though I’m only 10, I’d like to show the nation what young people like me are ready for. I admire your business background and have started my own business. I’ve been mowing my neighbors’ lawns for some time. Please see the attached flyer. Here’s a list of what I have and you’re free to pick whatever you want: power mower, push mower, and weed whacker. I can bring extra fuel for the power mower and charge batteries for the weed whacker, and I’ll do that with no charge.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.399418
Retrieved Text: lawn mower that picks up leaves leaf vacuum cleaners make job simpler technology grass behind magazine 3.
a mulching mower can grind up leaves and put them back into the soil lawn tire tracks why blow when you mow experts say leave alone.
best way to pick up leaves lawn mower that picks clumps of grass.
manual grass leaves collector lawn mower leaving streaks.
dean uses his mower to mulch leaves into lawn a soil enriching practice followed by many gardeners for years but now backed up science my clumps grass articl.
fall lawn its great to have big shade trees in your yard but come you can start resent them those drop leaves and that means extra mower push leaving uncut grass ra.
says his cuts like a lawn mower leaves leaving lines clean cut good impression.
lawn mower leaves strips why not to rake your this year.
man mowing a lawn in the morning with leaves mower riding clumps of grass.
save time and money mow leaves instead of bagging the county news lawn mower clumps.
cutting and bagging grass leaves in the fall with a lawn mower neighbourhood backyard evening light photo by push leaving uncut stock baggin.
tarp tow system attaches to your riding lawn mower or zero turn move pull leaves leaving lines.
lawn mower leaves tire tracks.
image titled mulch leaves with a lawn mower step 6 leaving lines.
should i bag or mow the leaves on my lawn mower push leaving uncut grass.
mulching leaves with mower mow rake lawn riding clumps of grass.
blow your leaves mow lawn mower tire tracks.
lawn mower leaf bag

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.012817
Retrieved Text: Moe uses a mower to cut his rectangular 90-foot by 150-foot lawn. The swath he cuts is 28 inches wide, but he overlaps each cut by 4 inches to make sure that no grass is missed. He walks at the rate of 5000 feet per hour while pushing the mower. Which of the following is closest to the number of hours it will take Moe to mow the lawn.
The swatch is 28 inches wide, but the effective swatch is 24 inches.
1 foot = 12 inches , so 2 feet = 24 inches.
Originally posted by jaisrajat on 20 Mar 2019, 04:45.
Last edited by jaisrajat on 20 Mar 2019, 14:22, edited 1 time in total.
Since he overlaps each cut by 4 inches, he actually cuts 24 inches, or 2 feet, at a time.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.44778
Retrieved Text: Wheely 5: Wheely is back in the fifth installment of this fun point and click adventure game featuring a red car. This time wheely is a family man, so one of his duty is to mow the lawn of his house, but his lawn mower suddenly broke down after hitting a large rock. Now wheely need your help to fix his lawn mower.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.32131
Retrieved Text: Save big on Lodge cast-iron skillets, Hunter waterproof boots, denim and apparel from Levi’s and so much more. Duer’s performance denim is stretchy, durable and insanely comfortable. Today only, you c.
The lawn experts at DIYNetwork.com share basic tips for mowing and maintaining a healthy lawn.
A mower is essential equipment for anyone who wants a trim and tidy lawn. of grass shearing, check out the latest in lawn mowers and mowing techniques.
“It has been a big problem with parking too close to intersections. She asked how this would affect lawn mowers. The aldermen said the ordinance addresses exceptions, like her example. Cherry said.
7 Responses to “Advanced Technique for Striping Your Lawn With Your Lawn Mower” How to Mow Stripes in Your Lawn Like a Golf Course Fairway | Life and Lawns Says: May 25th, 2008 at 6:11 pm. Following are 2 ways to mow stripes in your lawn that resemble a golf course fairway or baseball outfield, using your own home lawn mower.
Lean, Mean And Green Mowing Machine Mow With Joe – With its durable steel blade cuts a 20-inch wide path with precision on each pass and features a convenient 7-position manual height adjustment for maximum control.
My dream machine would have big, sad eyes and soft, floppy ears. Now we spend millions of dollars on high-tech mowers that guzzle our resources, pollute our environment and sully our weekends with.
Sarlo Power Mowers has been supplying machines to keep grass well-trimmed. “He was a pragmatic individual. He knew that big wheels would go easier on soft soil.” Now,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 45.239918
Retrieved Text: Service AreaWe are available for landscaping, sprinkler repair and installation, and grounds maintenance services in Boulder County and surrounding areas.
Your lawn is a living thing. It requires care and attention to stay healthy and growing.
In the first season, mow frequently to stimulate new growth, which will result in a very thick carpet of turf. Following the initial phase, mow as your needs require. Mowing height should be 2-1/2” to 3”, an optimal height for drought tolerance. Keep this height the same throughout the year to encourage growth.
The mower blade should be kept very sharp to cut the leaf blade cleanly. A dull mower will shred and fray the leaf blades, resulting in a brown-colored, unattractive lawn. When leaf tissue is not “torn” it retains more moisture content, contributing even more to your lawn’s drought tolerance.
When mowed, your grass will have reduced carbohydrate production and shading of lower leaves. This loss can be damaging to your lawn, but can be avoided by never removing more than 1/3 of your grass’ green tissue in any one mowing.
When grass clippings are removed from your lawn after mowing, nutrient needs are greater. That’s why we commonly recommend mowing more frequently and letting clippings remain in your yard. Grass clippings decompose quickly and contain an estimated 4% nitrogen that will return to the grass plant, provided the need nutrients. Grass clippings left in your lawn in general do not contribute to your lawn’s thatch.
Of course, too much thatch can be damaging to your turf and yard. Too thick of a layer

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.082134
Retrieved Text: Keep your lawn healthy and mow it quicker with these tips.
No one wants to spend their weekend in the hot sun mowing the grass. If you go in with a plan, though, you can make your lawn care process quick and painless. Here are some tips on when to mow, how to mow and how to maintain your lawn mower that will have you enjoying a cold drink in lounge chair while admiring your beautiful lawn much faster.
Lawn mowing in the early morning while it's still cool outside seems like a good idea, but if there's still dew on the ground, you can lose valuable time. More than likely, the wet grass will clump up in the discharge chute (that flappy thing on the side), requiring you to stop and remove the clog. Plus, your mower tires won't get great traction either.
Instead, wait until later in the morning when the dew dries, or mow the lawn late in the day before the evening dew. Also, time your sprinklers to start up in the late evening or at night so there isn't extra moisture on the grass when you mow. Here are some more watering tips for your lawn.
Read more: The gardening tips everyone needs to know.
If you're strict about your lawn and mow it the same very short height every few days, I've got news for you. It's better to let your grass grow.
A lawn that's healthy during the hottest days of summer will be around 4 inches high after a cut. That may seem long,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.422913
Retrieved Text: A well-mown stripy lawn is a thing of beauty. If you’ve set your sights on achieving a lawn of the finest striped calibre this year, read on for some expert advice from Steve Copnall of Allett Mowers.
If you’re to successfully mow a stripy lawn, it needs to be in a good condition. There is still time to carry out the essential spring jobs – aerating, scarifying, treating weeds, over-seeding and feeding – that will soon get grass growing healthily.
So assuming your lawn is now growing well and in good shape, it’s time to start mowing in your stripes.
“For stripes it’s all about the mower itself,” says Steve. “You want a mower with a rear roller as that’s what will create the stripes.” Using a cylinder mower will give you better results too, as these cut the grass with a cleaner, finer cut, the blades working like those of scissors as opposed to the more machete-like action of a rotary mower.
A cylinder mower with rollers, such as Allett’s Westminster model, is necessary for stripes.
But how do you go about planning an intricate pattern if you want something more creative than simple, parallel stripes? “It’s all about planning,” Steve says. “It’s best, ideally, if you draw your lawn first and sketch a plan on paper. Then you can work out the width of your mower, the area you’ve got to cover. Graph paper is good because you can easily draw it to scale.” Steve also says a larger open area with the lawn in a square, rectangle or

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.043392
Retrieved Text: Each fall, once you’ve done your final mow for the year, you should winterize your lawn mower. With the correct care, your lawn mower will start perfectly each spring and last for several years. There are two popular ways to winterize your gas lawn mower, and all your gas powered tools.
The first way is to run the engine until the gas is gone, leaving it empty until the spring when you start it up again. This ensures that the gas will not gum up during the winter. Once you’ve done this, you should also drain the oil and refill with fresh oil.
The other popular way is to use fuel stabilizer. While this method is a little more hands-on than the first, it keeps your spark plugs clean and corrosion-free. First, fill the tank with gas and add the correct amount of fuel stabilizer. This will prevent any gum, varnish, and rust in the fuel system, as well as fuel deterioration. Once the tank is full, run the engine for a few minutes to circulate the additive through the system. Once you’ve turned the engine off, lubricate the rest of the engine and thoroughly clean the outside and bottom of the mower. If there is a battery, disconnect the negative cable, and be sure to disconnect the spark plug wire. Lubricate all moving parts and spray rust inhibitor on the blade and the unpainted metal parts.
In the spring, your mower will start up like a dream and run all summer. You can follow these same principles with

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.989147
Retrieved Text: How Old is Old Enough to Mow the Lawn?
There’s a reason we have children — so there’s someone else to unload the dishwasher and mow the lawn.
The American Academy of Pediatrics thinks your kids shouldn’t be driving a riding mower until they’re 16 years old, not because their rows won’t be even and they’ll miss patches, but because they’re too likely to get hurt.
While I discuss the relative merits of a tile sample, my husband tilts his head and gazes, puppy-like, past my shoulder. I get it. He wants to go outside. Well, Buddy, not until I get some cogent feedback.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.517403
Retrieved Text: The First Cut - When is it Time for the First Spring Mow?
It catches me by surprise every year - I go to bed with a dormant winter lawn, and when I wake up, the grass has grown three inches and is suddenly vibrantly green. There are tiny leaves on the trees that weren't there yesterday and blossoms on my cherry tree when I hardly even noticed buds. And it gets me itching for the smell of freshly mowed lawn! But with the erratic weather we've had this Spring, it's hard to know when it's time to haul out the mower and get to work. So when, exactly, is the right time to give your lawn its first Spring mow? Here are some tips!
If you are noticing new green grass growth in your lawn, it means the ground has warmed up sufficiently, and mowing no longer poses a threat to dormant turf grass crowns and fragile root systems.
Often, it's hard to know whether your yard is too wet to mow, so go out and take a walk around. If you are sinking into the ground, it is too wet. If your shoes get wet, but you aren't getting bogged down, the conditions aren't ideal, but you can proceed with a few suggestions. Sometimes, especially here in Ohio, cutting a wet lawn is a necessary evil.
I've compliled some of the best tips from Life and Lawns, American Lawn, and the Landscaping Guide from SF Gate and put them together in one place. Below, you'll find easy ways

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.451797
Retrieved Text: Knowing how to mow a lawn can make the difference between a lawn that you're proud of and one that looks weak and stressed. Proper mowing leaves your lawn looking finished and attractive, and it promotes thick, lush growth. On the other hand, improper mowing makes your lawn more susceptible to environmental stresses such as heat and drought.
Manual reel mower – Environmentally friendly and quiet, manual push mowers rely on your strength and energy to mow. They're a good choice for small, flat lawns.
Electric mower – Available in corded and cordless models, electric lawn mowers are less noisy than gas mowers and great for small yards. Corded mowers stay plugged into electrical outlets as you mow. Rechargeable cordless models offer more freedom, but they may need a recharge mid-mow.
Gas-powered push mower – Walk-behind, gas-powered mowers have more power and maneuver more easily than manual and electric types, especially when they're self-propelled. They are ideal for medium-sized lawns.
Riding mower or lawn tractor – For large or sloped lawns, a riding mower or lawn tractor is the best option, allowing you to get a big job done fast.
While regular mowing is important to a healthy lawn, avoid setting a firm mowing schedule for your grass. Base how often you cut your grass on its growth, not on the day of the week. Weather, the season and your grass type all affect how fast it grows.
As a general rule, maintain established lawns so you never remove more than one-third of the grass blade in a single mowing. Cutting more

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.25433
Retrieved Text: Army Specialist Christopher Garrett&apos;s life changed forever when, while serving in Afghanistan, he was shot through his lower abdomen.
According to Garrett&apos;s wife, Brittany, her husband was classified as 100% disabled after being treated for his injuries. Despite this, Brittany says that Christopher continued to mow their lawn at least once or twice every week with a push mower.
Then, one day, an incredibly generous stranger surprised the couple with a gift.
"Where do I begin? Something AMAZING happened today! As I was getting ready for my day, my husband appeared at the door with tears in his eyes holding our son. My heart sank and I thought someone we love took a trip to Heaven....He quickly assured me that no one had died, but someone had just given him a very expensive riding lawn mower! I don&apos;t know who they are, but they have been watching my 100% combat disabled husband push mow our entire yard once or twice a week, and thought this would help make more time for the important things in life!!! THANK YOU WHOEVER YOU ARE!!! You don&apos;t know how much pain this is going to save him from!!!"
Along with the post, Brittany shared photos of the brand new riding mower her husband was gifted.
In the comments on the post, Brittany wrote that since being injured and retiring, Christopher&apos;s job "now is just amazing husband and father!!!" The kind stranger&apos;s gift will surely go a long way in making that job easier.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.20749
Retrieved Text: Quick and Effective Lawn Mowing Tips Lawn mowing does not require rocket science, but there are ideas you can apply to make your job easy. Many homeowners have opted to carry out the mowing process on their won as opposed to hiring someone else to do the job. Step one in the lawn mowing procedure is to purchase a lawn mower that is reliable for the job at hand. You eliminate the need for raking if you choose a model that comes equipped with a grass catcher attachment. The time required for mowing your lawn will depend on the size of your property. For large lawns, you need to consider a powered mower for easier cutting and to save some time. Riding lawnmowers can greatly reduce the time and energy used on cutting your grass, but they’re much more expensive to purchase and unless you’ve got a very large property, they are not worth the price. Once you have purchased the lawn mower you need, you are ready to start the lawn mowing procedure. The following are some tips to help you out with making your task smoother and easier. When beginning the entire process it is important to first prepare your mower so that you do not have to stop in the middle of your cutting. Lawn mower prep includes sharpening dull blades, oiling rusty components for better handling of the machine, adjusting the mower’s wheels to correct cutting height, etc.
Try and move around the entire property and remove any rocks, toys or other debris

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.7599
Retrieved Text: The summer solstice on June 22 officially ushered in the warmest of seasons, and the thick Southern humidity has once again reminded us how grateful we are for Willis Carrier.
Who exactly is that? Carrier invented modern air conditioning in 1902, though it would be a while before his creation would become a Southern household necessity. If you’re reading this blog, it’s likely you’ll appreciate this next inventor of a seasonal household accessory as well.
On August 31, 1830, Edwin Budding received a British patent for the first lawn mower. Though mowing the lawn is a chore for some and a stress-reliever for others, I think we can all agree that the mechanized version is far superior to that of using a scythe to trim your lawn.
In honor of Edwin Budding's glorious invention, we bring you summer mowing tips for your warm season lawn, starting with a snippet from Shannon Hathaway about mowing warm season lawns.
For more specific details, check out our lawn maintenance guide for your grass type.
Using a very sharp blade, mow no more than 1/3 of the length of the grass blade at once. If your grass has gotten longer than recommended, mow off under 1/3 the height, give the grass some time to rejuvenate, then go back and take a little more.
Example: If you’ve let your Bermuda or Zoysia grow much too high and reach 3 inches, set your cutting height to 2 inches, wait a couple of days, then mow to 1.5 inches.
The growing point gets higher as the grass grows taller. If

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.472084
Retrieved Text: Lawn mowing can seem like a pretty straightforward task. Even the local kids in your area could do it, right? Perhaps a generation ago that was the norm, but these days a little more though needs to go into who you get to do your lawn mowing. Doctors say that accidents can and do happen while mowing the lawn. These accidents can range from those that involve the fingers to those that involve the hands and feet, injuries from mower blades, flying rocks and more.
How do you keep yourself and your loved ones safe while you are mowing the lawn?
It is a good idea to keep the area you are mowing free of children and pets. Keep your children and pets indoors or a safe distance away from the lawn. If you are using a new lawn mower, take the time to read the manual and instructions first.
Check the outdoor conditions first. If it is raining or going to rain, schedule your lawn mowing session for another day. Avoid mowing when there is little to no available light – if anything to ensure peace with your neighbours and compliance with most council regulations regarding noise. If you are planning to mow in the morning, wait until the sun has risen and the dew has evaporated from the grass. If you are going to mow in the late afternoon and early evening, make sure that there is ample light on your yard and that dew or mist is not starting to settle.
Survey your yard and look for

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.298424
Retrieved Text: Only one thing is better than waking up to the sound of a power lawnmower on Saturday morning, and that is cranking up your mower to wake up the neighborhood teenager first thing after his late night out. Beep! Beep! Slam! Slam!
Of course, it’s just a coincidence that you happen to be mowing at a time he would find early. It’s hilarious to engage the youthful neighbor in an existential conversation, above the lawnmower’s roar, about what is late and what is early.
As your point, ask if 2 a.m. is late or early? Or does that answer depend on whether you are going out with your friends at 2 a.m. or leaving for the early shift?
If he gets grumpy at your philosophical questions, remind him that he’ll be sleeping away one-third of his life, just not this morning.
I began mowing our family lawn when I was 10 years old. Until that time, we never had any lawn to mow.
At grandma’s house, the front yard was enclosed by hedges and in the middle of the square was a big blue snowball bush.
Her backyard had no grass to mow either. It was covered with grapevines, fig trees and gardens so that common grass had no place to grow.
In her own way, she said, if you can’t eat it, why grow it?
We set up homestead on our one-quarter acre and then commenced a quarter century of tackling the green grass of home.
Pushing that simple lawnmower without a break week after week, I could get the whole lawn cut in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.259377
Retrieved Text: Lawn mowers are powerful machines. Accidents involving them are still commonplace in this day and age.
It’s possible to get seriously injured when using them, or cause injury to others.
So it’s vital you know how to stay safe when operating this tool.
The following is a useful 10-step checklist to remember before and while you are mowing.
It will help you and others be safer during the operation of a lawn mower, whether you use the push or riding variety.
This information is for educational purposes only and does not necessarily cover all aspects of lawn mower safety.
Visualise the area of lawn on which you’ll mow and ensure that it’s clear of any obstacles like heavy debris, toys or other garden tools. This will prevent accidents and save time.
Make sure you wear suitable attire for mowing. That means tough shoes (not sandals or other footwear that leaves your toes exposed), and well-fitting (as opposed to loose-footing) clothes. Long pants can protect your legs from debris that flies loose. Also remove any jewelry that could get in the way.
Have you properly read your lawn mower’s instruction manual? If not, please do as there may be vital safety tips specific to your lawn mower model that you need to know about.
Never leave your mower running unnecessarily. Turn it off if you plan to leave it unattended or you’re moving it over non-grassy areas.
Some gas-run mowers can be very loud. Ear defenders or ear-plugs may be necessary to protect your hearing.
Ensure any children and pets are safely indoors while you mow. Do not

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.995987
Retrieved Text: For a mower that’s great on tough grass, easy to control, and easy to start, the WORX WG789 PaceSetter passes the test. This battery-operated, self-propelled lawn mower doesn’t use any oil, is quieter than gas mowers, and is ideal if you have lots of neighbors around and a lawn that you’ve struggled with in the past.
The WORX offers superior lawn care with its patented IntelliCut technology. When you’re working with tall grass, mulching, or cutting through any tougher patches, turn the dial to the Power setting. For easier grasses and a quiet mowing experience, switch over to Quiet. This cool mowing technology gives you more control than regular mowers where you have to deal with constant noise and sweat through rough lawns without a good chopper. Those days are over with the WORX.
For even more control, the PaceSetter senses your walking speed and adjusts the self-propeller to match you. Mowing becomes much smoother and easier with this feature. It’s like you and your mower are one body.
The WORX PaceSetter is a battery-operated mower, so it doesn’t use oil or gas. The battery is a 36-volt removable and rechargeable battery that can conveniently charge in your garage when you aren’t using the mower. Easily insert the battery when you’re ready to mow, push the key, and pull the lever for an instant start-up.
This mower is extremely easy to use. The IntelliCut and Pacesetter technologies do all the hard work; you just go along for the ride and dictate what your needs are to the mower. You’ll look

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.8751
Retrieved Text: Are you ready to give the noisy, gas-guzzling lawn mower the heave-ho? Unless your lawn is the size of a postage stamp, an electric lawn mower is most likely the right replacement. Then there are also the environmental considerations. “Using a typical, gas-powered lawn mower for one year can pollute as much as 43 new cars driven for a year,” the executive officer of the South Coast Air Quality Management District noted previously. You have probably already received periodic energy company solicitations to turn in your old gasoline-powered mower for one that runs on electricity. Perhaps you have been held back by old wives’ tales of low power or the fear of running over the power cord. Take heart, I have made the switch and so can you! It all starts with choosing the right electric lawn mower that meets your needs.
A corded electric lawnmower is very light — usually between 30 and 70 pounds, depending on accessories — and therefore extremely easy to handle. You need an accessible plug, preferable on the outside of the home. Frequently these gardening tools feature a 12-amp motor and a 14-inch to 20-inch mow width. If you have a smaller yard, and if you can commit to planning your mowing pattern with the cord in mind, this is an easy-to-use lawn mower for the backyard.
Cordless electric lawn mowers rely on a rechargeable battery for power. It is always a good idea to have two batteries — one to keep on the charger and the other one for the lawn

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.694954
Retrieved Text: A Danville, Virginia man whose robotic lawn mower was hauled away by a trash truck is out of luck, at least as far as his lawsuit against the city goes. According to a story by John Crane published on the GoDanRiver.com website, a judge dismissed his case.
Last August, Cecil Calvert’s Husqvarna robotic mower was picked up by a city trash truck driver and tossed in with the refuse, ending up half-submerged in water. This rendered the machine unable to work.
Calvert sued the city for compensation, but Danville General District Judge Marcus Brinks dismissed the case. Calvert later told the Danville Register & Bee that he was concerned about the precedent that could be set by the decision. “I worry about the city doing it again,” he says.
Dash camera video shows the truck stopping in front of what appears to be Calvert’s home. Just before it stops, what looks like a small robotic lawn mower can be seen next to a utility pole, a fire hydrant and a mailbox near the curb. A 3-foot-by-2-foot sign on the pole stating “this lawn maintained by a Husqvarna auto mower” can also be seen. After nearly 30 seconds, the truck continues moving along its route.
Although the store that sold Calvert the autonomous mower, Wilson Lawn & Garden, repaired the unit without charge, it still didn’t work properly. Husqvarna, for its part, replaced the damaged mower for free last fall.
The mower appeared to be still in the video. It should be moving at all times when not parked in its recharging

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.634987
Retrieved Text: Photograph of lawn mower on the green grass. Mower is located on the right side of the photograph with view on grass field.
A beautiful velvety lawn is the ideal for many homeowners. This is possible with some mowing tips that will help you mow like a pro. There is more to mowing than going back and forth with an old lawn mower. Grass is a plant, or rather a multitude of plants, so plant science is involved and, since a well-tended lawn requires equipment and irrigation, there is also mechanics involved.
A healthy lawn needs sunlight, nutrients and water to thrive. A good lawn fertilizer contains mostly nitrogen, some phosphorus, potassium and sulfur. Weed killer-fertilizer combinations are usually inadequate with little fertilizer. In addition, the herbicide they contain damages or kills trees and shrubs.
In this arid environment, an efficient irrigation system is the only way to grow healthy turf. It goes beyond just adding water; you have to add the right amount of water for the time of year. Water requirements for grass vary through the growing season depending on temperature, humidity, wind and solar intensity. A lawn often needs over two inches of water per week when the temperatures are at or above 90 degrees. Yet, during the cooler seasons, three-quarters of an inch may be more than adequate. Adjust timers often according to the temperature.
To get a professional look, mow in alternate directions every week. Mow often, removing only one-third of the grass blade length each time. Mow at three and one-half inches to four

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.53414
Retrieved Text: Which Lawn Mowers Are Worth Buying in 2018?
Here is the first batch of fully reviewed lawn mowers. All of these lawn cutting machines were hand picked because of their popularity and reliability data. These are all well tested by normal people, who posted a review on the Home Depot site. Many of these mowers can be purchased in other stores, including Amazon and Sears. Enjoy!
These days self-propelled lawn mowers are designed to make mowing your lawn fast and simple. So that's exactly how I designed the use of my comparison guide. All THE GOOD, THE BAD, and THE UGLY facts are up top. The more boring stuff like an Introduction to Self-Propelled Lawn Mowers is at the end. Enjoy!
Use the NEXT, PREVIOUS, and MAIN LIST links below for each mower to jump around all the lawn mower reviews.
The EGO LM2100SP self-propelled mower offers the torque of gas-powered mowers. It is quiet and operates without fumes or mess. It has a 21-inch cutting capability and is weather resistant. It folds up quickly for easy storage and has a simple one-push start button. This self-propelled mower has LED headlights for mowing after the sun sets. It also has a limited five-year warranty and retails for $429.
Summary: This electric self-propelled mower is ideal if you want a mower that is easy to use, navigates itslf with little effort, and is built to last for years. It also is great if you want to avoid the noise, smell, and mess of gas-powered mowers or if you want a mower that

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.533024
Retrieved Text: Tired of pulling your back out trying to start your lawn mower, only to have it sputter and die? Perhaps your mower needs a new spark plug – the device that creates the electrical spark that ignites the fuel in your engine. If the spark plug is worn or bad, it can cause the mower to run rough or not start at all.
Check the spark plug annually as part of your regular lawn mower maintenance. Sometimes the spark plug can be cleaned and adjusted by resetting the spark gap at the end of the plug. If not, it will need to be replaced.
Even if you’re not mechanically inclined, you can replace a spark plug in a matter of minutes for less than $5, which makes a world of difference in helping your lawn mower start and run properly. Read on to find out how to go about it.
I can change my spark plug easily but even though the plug is tightened, it pops out when I start my mower. I confirmed the spark plug is the correct size/number per manufacturer instructions. I tried the old one and the new one, they all pop out when I start the mower. Can the housing thread be stripped and if so, how do I fix that?
First time trying to do this. There was inadequate warning about the tightening of the spark plug,and I tightened it too much, and wrecked the pin thingy on end of plug!!
I changed the spark plug on my old mower without problem, but now I

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.44764
Retrieved Text: Robotic Lawnmower Sileno City 250 -..
Grass Catcher for lawnmower 330 –..
Electric Lawn Aerator EVC 1000 - G..
Classic Cylinder Lawnmower 330 –..
Grass Trimmer SmallCut 300/23 – G..
Grass Trimmer EasyCut 400/25 - Gard..
Lawn Mower buy online in the UK today to help you maintain a beautiful and well-manicured garden lawn. Did you know there are different types of lawnmowers to consider before the purchase of a lawn mower online? You can choose from hand mowers, electric mowers, petrol mowers and lawn tractors; and there are even robotic mowers which will mow your whole lawn by themselves. Nothing more to worry about! To know which mower best suits your needs, it is important to ask yourself the following 3 questions: How often do I mow my lawn? How much time do I have to cut my grass? How much money do I have to spend on a lawnmower? And most important of all don't forget the size of your lawn! This plays a crucial role in your overall choice. Once you have the answer to these questions, please come and buy the lawnmower that suits your needs best in our online webshop.
With your own electric lawn mower, you can have an easy and convenient way to maintain a beautiful lawn. An electric lawn mower is an ideal tool to turn your yard into a lush, green carpet. With minimal effort, you can mow your lawn quickly and with little fuss. To be able to care for your lawn adequately though, lawnmower maintenance is always critical to consider – and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.411
Retrieved Text: There are lots of things its been very easy to adjust to as a new single parent. A lot of this is because I kind of was a single parent before so I was already adjusted. But the lawn was an area I had always successfully managed to not own in the maintenance sense. Well even that’s not strictly true – I have always been the remover of dog poo. I have not however been the trimmer of grass. You might assume that trimming would be a preferable task and you’d be kinda right.
Thing is though, that lawn mowers have always scared me. I have visions of toes being lopped off. I think they might run off and cut through important shrubbery. I can’t cope with the idea of pouring in petrol. I have tried and failed many times to pull the rip cord and get a spark and get the damn thing to go.
I watched my lawn grow with foreboding. At least once my ex did it for me. Maybe he was still, like me, not sure what we did now we didn’t coexist or perhaps feeling it was because I continued to do his washing and look after his kids. But anyway he stopped. And I tried and I couldn’t get the lawn mower going. Turned out it was kaput.
So then Im trying to think what to do because its really a pocket handkerchief of a lawn. Even if I had spare cash it seems ridiculous to pay someone to mow it. Anyway i

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.3543
Retrieved Text: As the weather warms up, lawn. mower blades and have your mower serviced. Delay fertilizer applications until the end of March or early April to allow the grass to recover from winter dormancy.
At the same time, it ought to be humbling that so many people chose to vote for the guy with the lawn mower and weed whacker over the guy with degrees from Wharton School of Finance and Commerce and.
According to the initial affidavit, Romero stabbed Bowen once in the chest with the sword during an argument that began over the use of a community lawn mower both men used at their homes. Romero was.
Authorities say a Kenner man broke into his neighbors’ backyard sheds and stole power tools and other lawn equipment. Arthur Loyacano, 29, 3411 California Ave., was booked with two counts of simple.
Donaldsonville is missing more than $27,000 worth of lawn equipment from its temporary barn located at 2208 Thibaut Drive, Ascension Parish officials said Tuesday. A city supervisor told deputies.
Jan 01, 2004 · $50K-$100K for a boat and people shop for the cheapest fuel stabilizer they can find. Kind of like buying $250 reels and putting them on $50 rods.
Folks who like to get outside and make the world just a little more beautiful are digging, pruning, planting, and gassing up their lawn mowers in anticipation of. look long before they spotted a.
Officials also advise waiting until after 6 p.m. to refuel vehicles or use gas-powered lawn equipment. More information is available at the Louisiana DEQ website or by calling 866-896-5337.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.174667
Retrieved Text: That means you need a lawn mower. But mowing your lawn doesn’t have to be a chore, as there are many great push/walk-behind lawn mowers for sale. If you have a small to medium size lawn, you’re not go.
Our PowerMax Electric Lawnmowers provide optimum grass coverage and. Manoeuvrable, lightweight and convenient – for the care of smaller lawn areas.
The Select Series X300 Tractors from John Deere – maneuverability masters designed for homeowners who mow up to 3.5 acres and have varied terrain and light- to.
"This isn’t your grandfather’s lawn mower that was a bear to use," said Zerfoss. "The new mowers are lightweight with a tempered blade that requires less maintenance and stays sharper longer."
where there’s less lawn to mow." The reel mower, which operates like a scythe, is easier to push and pull today because of the use of modern lightweight materials. However, the cutting principle is th.
Mulch and Catch Lawn Mowers. Mulching lawn mowers, or mulch and catch lawn mowers have been readily available for sale for some time now. The concept behind these lawn mowers is a very good idea, in that they allow the lawn owner to mulch his lawn clippings directly back into the turf as he is mowing.
Jan 3, 2018. This guide explores all the details on electric lawn mowers to ease your buying. The mower comes with a light weight rear mesh bag.
Spartan Mowers, offer an affordable top of the line mower with simplistic design & functionality, leading the zero-turn mower industry.
Choosing different mowing patterns will also help reduce

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.99603
Retrieved Text: Proper mowing is essential for having a healthy lawn. One of the most common customer questions we have here in Bryan-College Station is about mowing. How to mow? When to mow? And how does the different grass type affect your mowing?
Here are some tips and recommendations when it comes to mowing your grass this year.
For the first mow of the season, usually around late March or early April, we recommend giving your lawn a “short mow”. This means you should lower your mower height to scalp the lawn and remove all of the dead and brown tissue. Bag clippings either with a bagging mower or by raking the lawn. This will help the lawn tremendously not only as it greens up, but all season. Do not rake St. Augustine aggressively! This will pull up the runners and damage the grass.
Use the medium/middle mower height setting on your mower. Do not mow too short that scalps the lawn, but it’s important not to mow too tall either. There are some misconceptions about mowing St. Augustine as high as possible, which I highly discourage against. Mowing St. Augustine too tall encourages shallow roots, excessive thatch, and much higher disease susceptibility.
A middle to just above middle setting on your mower that doesn’t scalp your lawn is recommended for St. Augustine.
We often see customers raise the mower height gradually each summer until they can’t raise it anymore. The key is to keep mowing consistently every week at the same moderate height.
We recommend mowing Zoysia at a moderately low to moderate

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A man walks outside plugs his lawn mower in and gets ready to mow. He starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass. his dog... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: comes outside and starts to follow him a little while he's closer to the house.

Ending 2: comes outside and takes a closer look at the man mowing, after he picks up the mower.

Ending 3: runs loose and feeds on his movements.

Ending 4: is having a seizure and starts to hop all over the lawn as he walks around.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 77.36305
Retrieved Text: VIDEO: Star-Spangled awesome! 10-year-old lawn mowing entrepreneur asks President Trump if he can mow White House lawn. Prez says yes!
Ten-year-old Frank from Falls Church, Virginia, just outside of Washington, is a lawn mowing entrepreneur. He wrote to President Trump requesting an opportunity to mow the White House lawn some day. Inspired by the young man’s spirit, President Trump agreed and Frank is on his way to the White House for a tour, and to hang out with the White House grounds crew, and to mow at least a portion of the White House lawn.
It would be my honor to mow the White House lawn for some weekend for you. Even though I’m only 10, I’d like to show the nation what young people like me are ready for. I admire your business background and have started my own business. I’ve been mowing my neighbors’ lawns for some time. Please see the attached flyer. Here’s a list of what I have and you’re free to pick whatever you want: power mower, push mower, and weed whacker. I can bring extra fuel for the power mower and charge batteries for the weed whacker, and I’ll do that with no charge.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 72.61513
Retrieved Text: lawn mower that picks up leaves leaf vacuum cleaners make job simpler technology grass behind magazine 3.
a mulching mower can grind up leaves and put them back into the soil lawn tire tracks why blow when you mow experts say leave alone.
best way to pick up leaves lawn mower that picks clumps of grass.
manual grass leaves collector lawn mower leaving streaks.
dean uses his mower to mulch leaves into lawn a soil enriching practice followed by many gardeners for years but now backed up science my clumps grass articl.
fall lawn its great to have big shade trees in your yard but come you can start resent them those drop leaves and that means extra mower push leaving uncut grass ra.
says his cuts like a lawn mower leaves leaving lines clean cut good impression.
lawn mower leaves strips why not to rake your this year.
man mowing a lawn in the morning with leaves mower riding clumps of grass.
save time and money mow leaves instead of bagging the county news lawn mower clumps.
cutting and bagging grass leaves in the fall with a lawn mower neighbourhood backyard evening light photo by push leaving uncut stock baggin.
tarp tow system attaches to your riding lawn mower or zero turn move pull leaves leaving lines.
lawn mower leaves tire tracks.
image titled mulch leaves with a lawn mower step 6 leaving lines.
should i bag or mow the leaves on my lawn mower push leaving uncut grass.
mulching leaves with mower mow rake lawn riding clumps of grass.
blow your leaves mow lawn mower tire tracks.
lawn mower leaf bag

########
Rank: 2
Score: 71.10796
Retrieved Text: Save big on Lodge cast-iron skillets, Hunter waterproof boots, denim and apparel from Levi’s and so much more. Duer’s performance denim is stretchy, durable and insanely comfortable. Today only, you c.
The lawn experts at DIYNetwork.com share basic tips for mowing and maintaining a healthy lawn.
A mower is essential equipment for anyone who wants a trim and tidy lawn. of grass shearing, check out the latest in lawn mowers and mowing techniques.
“It has been a big problem with parking too close to intersections. She asked how this would affect lawn mowers. The aldermen said the ordinance addresses exceptions, like her example. Cherry said.
7 Responses to “Advanced Technique for Striping Your Lawn With Your Lawn Mower” How to Mow Stripes in Your Lawn Like a Golf Course Fairway | Life and Lawns Says: May 25th, 2008 at 6:11 pm. Following are 2 ways to mow stripes in your lawn that resemble a golf course fairway or baseball outfield, using your own home lawn mower.
Lean, Mean And Green Mowing Machine Mow With Joe – With its durable steel blade cuts a 20-inch wide path with precision on each pass and features a convenient 7-position manual height adjustment for maximum control.
My dream machine would have big, sad eyes and soft, floppy ears. Now we spend millions of dollars on high-tech mowers that guzzle our resources, pollute our environment and sully our weekends with.
Sarlo Power Mowers has been supplying machines to keep grass well-trimmed. “He was a pragmatic individual. He knew that big wheels would go easier on soft soil.” Now,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 70.19466
Retrieved Text: When you’ve got a lot of trimming work to do, you could go outside with a set of old-fashioned grass clippers. That process is pretty time intensive, however, and does a number on your grip. George Ballas new that there had to be a better way. He was more of a marketer than an inventor, trying to sell early portable phones while running a dance studio as an instructor. The Weed Eater was by far his biggest hit. By 1976, it was selling $40 million annually. Not too bad for a veteran of World War II and Korea.
The Weed Eater was the “once in a lifetime invention” for George Ballas, so here is a look at some other revolutionary lawn care inventions.
One of the most routine chores that a lawn requires is a regular mowing when in season. If you’ve got a large yard or you just don’t like to get outside and mow, then you could tear up your lawn and put in some rocks. You might decide to install some of the new artificial turf that has a rubber underlayer. If neither option seems to tempting, then No Mow Grass is the invention you need. It’s real grass, a combination of centipede and creeping bluegrass, and it typically only grows to a total height of 3.5 inches.
Getting a lawn mower or a weed whacker started can be a difficult task – especially if it is the first start of the season. The pull starting mechanism can be hard to pull, but that doesn’t change

########
Rank: 4
Score: 69.17698
Retrieved Text: Knowing how to mow a lawn can make the difference between a lawn that you're proud of and one that looks weak and stressed. Proper mowing leaves your lawn looking finished and attractive, and it promotes thick, lush growth. On the other hand, improper mowing makes your lawn more susceptible to environmental stresses such as heat and drought.
Manual reel mower – Environmentally friendly and quiet, manual push mowers rely on your strength and energy to mow. They're a good choice for small, flat lawns.
Electric mower – Available in corded and cordless models, electric lawn mowers are less noisy than gas mowers and great for small yards. Corded mowers stay plugged into electrical outlets as you mow. Rechargeable cordless models offer more freedom, but they may need a recharge mid-mow.
Gas-powered push mower – Walk-behind, gas-powered mowers have more power and maneuver more easily than manual and electric types, especially when they're self-propelled. They are ideal for medium-sized lawns.
Riding mower or lawn tractor – For large or sloped lawns, a riding mower or lawn tractor is the best option, allowing you to get a big job done fast.
While regular mowing is important to a healthy lawn, avoid setting a firm mowing schedule for your grass. Base how often you cut your grass on its growth, not on the day of the week. Weather, the season and your grass type all affect how fast it grows.
As a general rule, maintain established lawns so you never remove more than one-third of the grass blade in a single mowing. Cutting more

########
Rank: 5
Score: 69.02792
Retrieved Text: Quick and Effective Lawn Mowing Tips Lawn mowing does not require rocket science, but there are ideas you can apply to make your job easy. Many homeowners have opted to carry out the mowing process on their won as opposed to hiring someone else to do the job. Step one in the lawn mowing procedure is to purchase a lawn mower that is reliable for the job at hand. You eliminate the need for raking if you choose a model that comes equipped with a grass catcher attachment. The time required for mowing your lawn will depend on the size of your property. For large lawns, you need to consider a powered mower for easier cutting and to save some time. Riding lawnmowers can greatly reduce the time and energy used on cutting your grass, but they’re much more expensive to purchase and unless you’ve got a very large property, they are not worth the price. Once you have purchased the lawn mower you need, you are ready to start the lawn mowing procedure. The following are some tips to help you out with making your task smoother and easier. When beginning the entire process it is important to first prepare your mower so that you do not have to stop in the middle of your cutting. Lawn mower prep includes sharpening dull blades, oiling rusty components for better handling of the machine, adjusting the mower’s wheels to correct cutting height, etc.
Try and move around the entire property and remove any rocks, toys or other debris

########
Rank: 6
Score: 68.80852
Retrieved Text: Keep your lawn healthy and mow it quicker with these tips.
No one wants to spend their weekend in the hot sun mowing the grass. If you go in with a plan, though, you can make your lawn care process quick and painless. Here are some tips on when to mow, how to mow and how to maintain your lawn mower that will have you enjoying a cold drink in lounge chair while admiring your beautiful lawn much faster.
Lawn mowing in the early morning while it's still cool outside seems like a good idea, but if there's still dew on the ground, you can lose valuable time. More than likely, the wet grass will clump up in the discharge chute (that flappy thing on the side), requiring you to stop and remove the clog. Plus, your mower tires won't get great traction either.
Instead, wait until later in the morning when the dew dries, or mow the lawn late in the day before the evening dew. Also, time your sprinklers to start up in the late evening or at night so there isn't extra moisture on the grass when you mow. Here are some more watering tips for your lawn.
Read more: The gardening tips everyone needs to know.
If you're strict about your lawn and mow it the same very short height every few days, I've got news for you. It's better to let your grass grow.
A lawn that's healthy during the hottest days of summer will be around 4 inches high after a cut. That may seem long,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 68.76047
Retrieved Text: Service AreaWe are available for landscaping, sprinkler repair and installation, and grounds maintenance services in Boulder County and surrounding areas.
Your lawn is a living thing. It requires care and attention to stay healthy and growing.
In the first season, mow frequently to stimulate new growth, which will result in a very thick carpet of turf. Following the initial phase, mow as your needs require. Mowing height should be 2-1/2” to 3”, an optimal height for drought tolerance. Keep this height the same throughout the year to encourage growth.
The mower blade should be kept very sharp to cut the leaf blade cleanly. A dull mower will shred and fray the leaf blades, resulting in a brown-colored, unattractive lawn. When leaf tissue is not “torn” it retains more moisture content, contributing even more to your lawn’s drought tolerance.
When mowed, your grass will have reduced carbohydrate production and shading of lower leaves. This loss can be damaging to your lawn, but can be avoided by never removing more than 1/3 of your grass’ green tissue in any one mowing.
When grass clippings are removed from your lawn after mowing, nutrient needs are greater. That’s why we commonly recommend mowing more frequently and letting clippings remain in your yard. Grass clippings decompose quickly and contain an estimated 4% nitrogen that will return to the grass plant, provided the need nutrients. Grass clippings left in your lawn in general do not contribute to your lawn’s thatch.
Of course, too much thatch can be damaging to your turf and yard. Too thick of a layer

########
Rank: 8
Score: 67.83101
Retrieved Text: The summer solstice on June 22 officially ushered in the warmest of seasons, and the thick Southern humidity has once again reminded us how grateful we are for Willis Carrier.
Who exactly is that? Carrier invented modern air conditioning in 1902, though it would be a while before his creation would become a Southern household necessity. If you’re reading this blog, it’s likely you’ll appreciate this next inventor of a seasonal household accessory as well.
On August 31, 1830, Edwin Budding received a British patent for the first lawn mower. Though mowing the lawn is a chore for some and a stress-reliever for others, I think we can all agree that the mechanized version is far superior to that of using a scythe to trim your lawn.
In honor of Edwin Budding's glorious invention, we bring you summer mowing tips for your warm season lawn, starting with a snippet from Shannon Hathaway about mowing warm season lawns.
For more specific details, check out our lawn maintenance guide for your grass type.
Using a very sharp blade, mow no more than 1/3 of the length of the grass blade at once. If your grass has gotten longer than recommended, mow off under 1/3 the height, give the grass some time to rejuvenate, then go back and take a little more.
Example: If you’ve let your Bermuda or Zoysia grow much too high and reach 3 inches, set your cutting height to 2 inches, wait a couple of days, then mow to 1.5 inches.
The growing point gets higher as the grass grows taller. If

########
Rank: 9
Score: 67.30843
Retrieved Text: Lawn mowing can seem like a pretty straightforward task. Even the local kids in your area could do it, right? Perhaps a generation ago that was the norm, but these days a little more though needs to go into who you get to do your lawn mowing. Doctors say that accidents can and do happen while mowing the lawn. These accidents can range from those that involve the fingers to those that involve the hands and feet, injuries from mower blades, flying rocks and more.
How do you keep yourself and your loved ones safe while you are mowing the lawn?
It is a good idea to keep the area you are mowing free of children and pets. Keep your children and pets indoors or a safe distance away from the lawn. If you are using a new lawn mower, take the time to read the manual and instructions first.
Check the outdoor conditions first. If it is raining or going to rain, schedule your lawn mowing session for another day. Avoid mowing when there is little to no available light – if anything to ensure peace with your neighbours and compliance with most council regulations regarding noise. If you are planning to mow in the morning, wait until the sun has risen and the dew has evaporated from the grass. If you are going to mow in the late afternoon and early evening, make sure that there is ample light on your yard and that dew or mist is not starting to settle.
Survey your yard and look for

########
Rank: 10
Score: 67.21598
Retrieved Text: Are you ready to give the noisy, gas-guzzling lawn mower the heave-ho? Unless your lawn is the size of a postage stamp, an electric lawn mower is most likely the right replacement. Then there are also the environmental considerations. “Using a typical, gas-powered lawn mower for one year can pollute as much as 43 new cars driven for a year,” the executive officer of the South Coast Air Quality Management District noted previously. You have probably already received periodic energy company solicitations to turn in your old gasoline-powered mower for one that runs on electricity. Perhaps you have been held back by old wives’ tales of low power or the fear of running over the power cord. Take heart, I have made the switch and so can you! It all starts with choosing the right electric lawn mower that meets your needs.
A corded electric lawnmower is very light — usually between 30 and 70 pounds, depending on accessories — and therefore extremely easy to handle. You need an accessible plug, preferable on the outside of the home. Frequently these gardening tools feature a 12-amp motor and a 14-inch to 20-inch mow width. If you have a smaller yard, and if you can commit to planning your mowing pattern with the cord in mind, this is an easy-to-use lawn mower for the backyard.
Cordless electric lawn mowers rely on a rechargeable battery for power. It is always a good idea to have two batteries — one to keep on the charger and the other one for the lawn

########
Rank: 11
Score: 66.50762
Retrieved Text: Proper mowing is essential for having a healthy lawn. One of the most common customer questions we have here in Bryan-College Station is about mowing. How to mow? When to mow? And how does the different grass type affect your mowing?
Here are some tips and recommendations when it comes to mowing your grass this year.
For the first mow of the season, usually around late March or early April, we recommend giving your lawn a “short mow”. This means you should lower your mower height to scalp the lawn and remove all of the dead and brown tissue. Bag clippings either with a bagging mower or by raking the lawn. This will help the lawn tremendously not only as it greens up, but all season. Do not rake St. Augustine aggressively! This will pull up the runners and damage the grass.
Use the medium/middle mower height setting on your mower. Do not mow too short that scalps the lawn, but it’s important not to mow too tall either. There are some misconceptions about mowing St. Augustine as high as possible, which I highly discourage against. Mowing St. Augustine too tall encourages shallow roots, excessive thatch, and much higher disease susceptibility.
A middle to just above middle setting on your mower that doesn’t scalp your lawn is recommended for St. Augustine.
We often see customers raise the mower height gradually each summer until they can’t raise it anymore. The key is to keep mowing consistently every week at the same moderate height.
We recommend mowing Zoysia at a moderately low to moderate

########
Rank: 12
Score: 65.95083
Retrieved Text: Only one thing is better than waking up to the sound of a power lawnmower on Saturday morning, and that is cranking up your mower to wake up the neighborhood teenager first thing after his late night out. Beep! Beep! Slam! Slam!
Of course, it’s just a coincidence that you happen to be mowing at a time he would find early. It’s hilarious to engage the youthful neighbor in an existential conversation, above the lawnmower’s roar, about what is late and what is early.
As your point, ask if 2 a.m. is late or early? Or does that answer depend on whether you are going out with your friends at 2 a.m. or leaving for the early shift?
If he gets grumpy at your philosophical questions, remind him that he’ll be sleeping away one-third of his life, just not this morning.
I began mowing our family lawn when I was 10 years old. Until that time, we never had any lawn to mow.
At grandma’s house, the front yard was enclosed by hedges and in the middle of the square was a big blue snowball bush.
Her backyard had no grass to mow either. It was covered with grapevines, fig trees and gardens so that common grass had no place to grow.
In her own way, she said, if you can’t eat it, why grow it?
We set up homestead on our one-quarter acre and then commenced a quarter century of tackling the green grass of home.
Pushing that simple lawnmower without a break week after week, I could get the whole lawn cut in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 65.7402
Retrieved Text: Lawn mowers are powerful machines. Accidents involving them are still commonplace in this day and age.
It’s possible to get seriously injured when using them, or cause injury to others.
So it’s vital you know how to stay safe when operating this tool.
The following is a useful 10-step checklist to remember before and while you are mowing.
It will help you and others be safer during the operation of a lawn mower, whether you use the push or riding variety.
This information is for educational purposes only and does not necessarily cover all aspects of lawn mower safety.
Visualise the area of lawn on which you’ll mow and ensure that it’s clear of any obstacles like heavy debris, toys or other garden tools. This will prevent accidents and save time.
Make sure you wear suitable attire for mowing. That means tough shoes (not sandals or other footwear that leaves your toes exposed), and well-fitting (as opposed to loose-footing) clothes. Long pants can protect your legs from debris that flies loose. Also remove any jewelry that could get in the way.
Have you properly read your lawn mower’s instruction manual? If not, please do as there may be vital safety tips specific to your lawn mower model that you need to know about.
Never leave your mower running unnecessarily. Turn it off if you plan to leave it unattended or you’re moving it over non-grassy areas.
Some gas-run mowers can be very loud. Ear defenders or ear-plugs may be necessary to protect your hearing.
Ensure any children and pets are safely indoors while you mow. Do not

########
Rank: 14
Score: 65.16591
Retrieved Text: The First Cut - When is it Time for the First Spring Mow?
It catches me by surprise every year - I go to bed with a dormant winter lawn, and when I wake up, the grass has grown three inches and is suddenly vibrantly green. There are tiny leaves on the trees that weren't there yesterday and blossoms on my cherry tree when I hardly even noticed buds. And it gets me itching for the smell of freshly mowed lawn! But with the erratic weather we've had this Spring, it's hard to know when it's time to haul out the mower and get to work. So when, exactly, is the right time to give your lawn its first Spring mow? Here are some tips!
If you are noticing new green grass growth in your lawn, it means the ground has warmed up sufficiently, and mowing no longer poses a threat to dormant turf grass crowns and fragile root systems.
Often, it's hard to know whether your yard is too wet to mow, so go out and take a walk around. If you are sinking into the ground, it is too wet. If your shoes get wet, but you aren't getting bogged down, the conditions aren't ideal, but you can proceed with a few suggestions. Sometimes, especially here in Ohio, cutting a wet lawn is a necessary evil.
I've compliled some of the best tips from Life and Lawns, American Lawn, and the Landscaping Guide from SF Gate and put them together in one place. Below, you'll find easy ways

########
Rank: 15
Score: 64.89346
Retrieved Text: For a mower that’s great on tough grass, easy to control, and easy to start, the WORX WG789 PaceSetter passes the test. This battery-operated, self-propelled lawn mower doesn’t use any oil, is quieter than gas mowers, and is ideal if you have lots of neighbors around and a lawn that you’ve struggled with in the past.
The WORX offers superior lawn care with its patented IntelliCut technology. When you’re working with tall grass, mulching, or cutting through any tougher patches, turn the dial to the Power setting. For easier grasses and a quiet mowing experience, switch over to Quiet. This cool mowing technology gives you more control than regular mowers where you have to deal with constant noise and sweat through rough lawns without a good chopper. Those days are over with the WORX.
For even more control, the PaceSetter senses your walking speed and adjusts the self-propeller to match you. Mowing becomes much smoother and easier with this feature. It’s like you and your mower are one body.
The WORX PaceSetter is a battery-operated mower, so it doesn’t use oil or gas. The battery is a 36-volt removable and rechargeable battery that can conveniently charge in your garage when you aren’t using the mower. Easily insert the battery when you’re ready to mow, push the key, and pull the lever for an instant start-up.
This mower is extremely easy to use. The IntelliCut and Pacesetter technologies do all the hard work; you just go along for the ride and dictate what your needs are to the mower. You’ll look

########
Rank: 16
Score: 64.82831
Retrieved Text: Lawn mowing, commonly known as cut grass in your garden or lawn.
“As a society we tend to take the benefits of grass for granted,” says James B Beard Ph.D., one of America’s leading turf experts and the chief scientist at the International Sports Turf Institute.
Aesthetically, lawns enhance the quality of life, contribute to social harmony and community pride, increase property values and compliment other landscape plants.
Want a better lawn? Choose the right time for mowing! No matter how effective your lawnmower is, there will always be a few more things to do before you can relax: The time has come for trimming and edging. The question is: when is the best time?
And how long should I mow the law?
Saving a huge time and power by using efficient tools for mowing!
Good quality tools are essential for ensuring a healthy lawn, and using the right tool for the right job will be more efficient and fruitful. Guide and tips to find the best lawn mower and string trimmer tested by the market.
Mowing Tips to cut the lawn like a pro. Cutting grass is an art, as any well-groomed ballpark shows. Learn how to mow a lawn properly and efficiently, when to mow, get mower performance tips, Height of Cut, Mowing Frequency, Dealing with Clippings and more.
Lawn Mowing Tools are the most frequently used piece of outdoor power equipment that you own. Safely operating a lawn mower requires preparation and careful consideration of safety issues. Most lawn mower-related injuries can be prevented by following safety advices. Find tips now!
How

########
Rank: 17
Score: 64.77519
Retrieved Text: Ages ago, mowing a lawn with manual lawn mower was a tedious task. It involved a lot of physical energy. With innovation touch us in all parts of our lives; the manual mower was replaced with ride on mower, walk behind mower and even robotic mowers.
Now, we have technology but no time, And to address this problem, Lawn mower services came into being. These address the problem of you wanting to have a great lawn and you having no time to mow the lawn. They are affordable and people are comfortable calling them up for help to keep their lawn tidy and looking great.
When you are calling a lawn mower services, you must ensure you are working with the reliable one. There are certain things that you may want to be aware of before you sign a contract or hire these services.
The more frequently you hire their service, the worse it gets for your lawn.
The Lawn services are inclined to mow too frequently, which is bad.
In the end you may not have any lush lawn to be proud of.
Increasing the call to the lawn mower service and more expenditure.
Soil tests are important as it can help homeowners and their lawns extremely well. Here everything is done from determining whether the land is alkaline or acidic. They also figure out what nutrients are lacking in the soil. Horticulturalists claim homeowners should get their soil tested every three to five years. Waiting for a problem to appear before testing, is a mistake because you may lose out on

########
Rank: 18
Score: 64.552185
Retrieved Text: Photograph of lawn mower on the green grass. Mower is located on the right side of the photograph with view on grass field.
A beautiful velvety lawn is the ideal for many homeowners. This is possible with some mowing tips that will help you mow like a pro. There is more to mowing than going back and forth with an old lawn mower. Grass is a plant, or rather a multitude of plants, so plant science is involved and, since a well-tended lawn requires equipment and irrigation, there is also mechanics involved.
A healthy lawn needs sunlight, nutrients and water to thrive. A good lawn fertilizer contains mostly nitrogen, some phosphorus, potassium and sulfur. Weed killer-fertilizer combinations are usually inadequate with little fertilizer. In addition, the herbicide they contain damages or kills trees and shrubs.
In this arid environment, an efficient irrigation system is the only way to grow healthy turf. It goes beyond just adding water; you have to add the right amount of water for the time of year. Water requirements for grass vary through the growing season depending on temperature, humidity, wind and solar intensity. A lawn often needs over two inches of water per week when the temperatures are at or above 90 degrees. Yet, during the cooler seasons, three-quarters of an inch may be more than adequate. Adjust timers often according to the temperature.
To get a professional look, mow in alternate directions every week. Mow often, removing only one-third of the grass blade length each time. Mow at three and one-half inches to four

########
Rank: 19
Score: 64.51177
Retrieved Text: This spring has brought a rite of passage for my 12 year old son – he is now officially old enough to mow the lawn. Working in the injury field, I always get nervous when he passes these milestones as I see what happens when things go wrong. I also know how common the injuries are -- Every day in the U.S. 25 children and teens under 21 years of age are treated in hospital emergency departments for an injury from a lawn mower and these numbers go up dramatically during the summer months. These injuries can be serious including amputation (losing a limb), cuts, burns and broken bones. Despite my trepidation, we decided it was time.
We put on his sunscreen, got out the safety sunglasses that wrap-around and completely cover his eyes, made sure he was wearing tennis shoes and sent him out to get his first lesson from his dad. I watched as he taught him to first go around the yard and pick up any sticks, stones, or other things in the yard that could shoot out and cause harm. I watched as he taught him how to fill the gas tank and then put the gas back away before he started mowing. Then came the lesson on not ever reaching under the mower (with a hand or a foot) while it was running. I chuckled as I watched him learn how to pull the starter to get our push mower going, remembering the trouble I had with that when I first learned.
With

########
Rank: 20
Score: 64.45665
Retrieved Text: The secret to a lush, green, healthy lawn is of course to apply regular water, feed or fertiliser, sun and regular mowing. Mowing should be done at the right time, in the correct way to achieve the best results.
Grass is a living plant and like other plants, cutting off the growing points encourages growth from the base of the plant resulting in a more tightly woven, thicker and stronger foliage.
Cutting grass regularly multiplies the existing grass plants. If you didn't mow your lawn at all it would be sparse and quite frankly ugly.
This image shows a lawn which has had infrequent mowing.
The keys fact's you need to consider when caring for your lawn is the frequency of which you mow and the height to which you mow it. Whilst mowing is important and encourages the plant to thicken, we must remember that the leaf is the engine room for the plant and reducing the size of the leaf also reduces the plants strength and growth capacity. Therefore a good looking lawn is achieved by light mowing on a regular basis.
Raise the height of the blade in Spring, the first few cuts should be light taking around 1/4 of the blade off.
In the dryer Summer months the grass starts to slow down it's growth, make sure you do not take off more than 1/3 of the blade's height. In the height of Summer you should be mowing to a level of 3/4 of an inch to 1 inch. This is based on domestic lawns, for professional lawns

########
Rank: 21
Score: 64.230446
Retrieved Text: 2) protect the personal safety of you and your children.
For the health of your lawn, when you mow you will only want to cut down about one-third of the total height of your grass at any one time. The reason is that if you cut more off than this, it puts too much strain on the grass, since it is the green part of the grass plant that provides the energy for it to grow.
You should also sharpen your mower blades after every 10 hours of mowing. Mowing dulls the blade, and when the blade is dull, rather than cut the grass, it instead tears it. And tearing the grass damages it, and makes it more susceptible to diseases.
Also, you should use a mulching mower to cut your grass, or if you don’t have a mulching mower, then you should install a mulching blade kit on your mower. There are several reasons to mulch when you mow. First, mulching cuts up the clippings into finer pieces which are returned to the lawn as nutrients; and secondly, it reduces the work of mowing, as you don’t have to keep stopping to empty the bag.
And finally, you should mow your lawn only when it is dry. If your lawn is wet, the mower blades can’t cut the grass cleanly and this creates the opportunity for diseases. And mowing a wet lawn also causes grass clippings to clump and decompose slower. Plus going over a wet lawn can also compact the soil and create ruts. And with a wet

########
Rank: 22
Score: 64.099594
Retrieved Text: The following tips and advice can help ensure your lawn is thriving even when we're not treating it!
* Do not scalp your lawn! Mow it at proper mowing heights based on recommended mowing schedules throughout the year.
* During the Spring season, it is recommended to cut your lawn with a height of about 2.5 inches.
* During the hot summer months, it is recommended to mow your lawn at a height of about 3 - 3.5 inches.
* In the fall months, it is recommended to mow your lawn with a height of about 2.5 inches.
* On your last mowing of the year, it is recommended to cut your lawn at a height of about 2 inches.
* Ensure your mower blade is sharp. Blades should be sharpened after every 2 acres mowed for best results.
* DO NOT cut your lawn when it is wet! Doing so can damage the blades of the grass.
* DO NOT cut your lawn in the heat of the day or when it is extremely hot outside.
* During the growing season, for best results, your lawn should be watered once or twice per week either by sprinkler, by hand, or by mother nature. When water by sprinkler or by hand ensure that each area of the lawn is saturated with 1 inch of water (or approximately 1 hour).
* If you have any problems with your lawn, call our office. We will gladly check your lawn and advise you as to the problem and resolution. DO NOT wait until the problem gets to an advanced

########
Rank: 23
Score: 63.935402
Retrieved Text: Great Tips on Lawn Mowing.
A lawn is a soil concealed with planted grass that is taken care of through mowing. A lawn mower is used for cutting grass. The lawn is part of your home. It should not be kept shaggy and over grown. It shows your appeal and individuality. When the lawn is kept, it is eye-catching. To make a lawn clean; it needs a lot of hard work and energy. You can mow your garden or hire a lawn mowing firm for their services.
You should not mow when there are rocks on the earth. The rocks on the ground might destroy the mower. The stones on the ground can cause serious accident to someone if not removed. You should not liquid the grass the day before mowing. The lawn mower will expose uncovered grounds if used on wet grass. Before mowing, the blade can also be brushed to make the glass stand. Lawn mowers should be maintained by washing it after mowing. Regular maintenance of the mower is important. You should not always mow in similar way. The lawn will appear clean and trim when vertical and horizontal mowing is interchanged.
It helps to employ a lawn professional to keeping your lawn. The lawn will always be kept clean and tidy. They can always be around whenever you need them. With regularly scheduled mowing, your yard will always look neat and trim. Many mowing firms have similar costs. A reliable firm offering lawn services will give a fair bid and make sure that the lawn

########
Rank: 24
Score: 63.61854
Retrieved Text: That means you need a lawn mower. But mowing your lawn doesn’t have to be a chore, as there are many great push/walk-behind lawn mowers for sale. If you have a small to medium size lawn, you’re not go.
Our PowerMax Electric Lawnmowers provide optimum grass coverage and. Manoeuvrable, lightweight and convenient – for the care of smaller lawn areas.
The Select Series X300 Tractors from John Deere – maneuverability masters designed for homeowners who mow up to 3.5 acres and have varied terrain and light- to.
"This isn’t your grandfather’s lawn mower that was a bear to use," said Zerfoss. "The new mowers are lightweight with a tempered blade that requires less maintenance and stays sharper longer."
where there’s less lawn to mow." The reel mower, which operates like a scythe, is easier to push and pull today because of the use of modern lightweight materials. However, the cutting principle is th.
Mulch and Catch Lawn Mowers. Mulching lawn mowers, or mulch and catch lawn mowers have been readily available for sale for some time now. The concept behind these lawn mowers is a very good idea, in that they allow the lawn owner to mulch his lawn clippings directly back into the turf as he is mowing.
Jan 3, 2018. This guide explores all the details on electric lawn mowers to ease your buying. The mower comes with a light weight rear mesh bag.
Spartan Mowers, offer an affordable top of the line mower with simplistic design & functionality, leading the zero-turn mower industry.
Choosing different mowing patterns will also help reduce

########
Rank: 25
Score: 63.51962
Retrieved Text: Do: wear heavy shoes or work boots when mowing. Sneakers will not protect your feet if there’s an accident. Mower blades rotate at approximately 3,000 revolutions per minute—and yet, every year there are emergency room visits for toe amputations and severed tendons in patients that have been mowing barefoot!
Don’t: mow a wet lawn. This is the #1 cause of foot injuries. It’s very difficult to control a mower on slippery grass.
Do: make sure your children know not to come out on the lawn while you are mowing it.
Don’t: ever allow children to ride on your lap while mowing. The two age groups that have the highest incidence of lawn mower injuries are children under the age of 14 and adults over 44.
Do: mow a sloped lawn side to side, slowly—not up and down.
Do: keep the clip bag attached during the entire mowing season—this will prevent objects from shooting up from under the mower and hitting someone.
If you do sustain an injury from a lawn mower, even a minor one, seek treatment immediately. Many people don’t realize that dirty lawn mower blades carry an increased risk of infection. If your injury requires a trip to the emergency room be sure to contact our Wayne office by calling: 973-595-1555 for a follow up appointment with our podiatrist, Dr. Paul G. Klein.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 63.469456
Retrieved Text: Everyone wants to come home to a green, neat and well-tended lawn. But it’s often difficult to maintain your lawn due to circumstances that are both avoidable and unavoidable. Too much work and getting home late at night can make it difficult to mow your lawn. Heavy rainfall is also a factor that could lead to an untidy lawn. Sometimes, you’re simply physically unable to maintain your yard. Thankfully, there is however, a solution to all these that problems will help you attain an admirable lawn without hardly any effort at all.
Robotic lawn mowers have made everything easy, in such a way that you can sit and read a newspaper while the robotic lawn mower independently works on your lawn. This is the best solution for those who can’t mow their lawns, don’t want to pay a pricey service to do it, or simply want to make time for other activities.
The robotic lawn mowers below have the most outstanding characteristics and functions for consumer purchase.
-If you have a quarter acre of land, then the Worx Robotic lawn mower is the perfect choice. The Worx pre-programmed robotic lawn mower is quite easy to set up. This lawn mower is quite versatile as it works on all sizes and types of grass, whether long or short, to keep your lawn evenly mowed and neat at all times.
The Landroid lawn mower has two motors that are independent of each other, the purpose of which is to ensure that even with the inclines and declines of your lawn, the mower

########
Rank: 27
Score: 63.21006
Retrieved Text: Lawn blow out is a consequence of high humidity, rapid growth, insufficient watering, and inadequate mowing. In the Greater Toronto Area, lawn will typically go into a state where blades of grass turn brown. Most would think that the lawn is dying due to cinch bugs, other bugs, or chemicals that could have burned the lawn. This is not the case at all.
Lawn blow out could happen when people mow their lawn and do not realize that the grass has not been watered for a few days. Perhaps the person thought that since it rained days before, that it would be appropriate to mow the lawn even if the weather has been dry for days after. This causes stress on the lawn. Lawn blow out in the Durham Region will normally appear 24-48 hours after mowing. In Uxbridge and Oshawa, signs of a lawn blowout would be grass blades with brown tips in sunny areas as well as around trees. It can often show in mower wheels or mower swaths in shaded areas of the lawn.
the grass show that the lawn is under stress. Ensure that the lawn gets sufficient water. Fertilizing should be done to ensure your lawn is receiving the proper nutrients. Lawns where methylene urea with slow release has been used show less drought stress than other types of fertilizer. See pictures.
Proper care and maintenance for your lawn will allow you to enjoy a beautiful healthy lawn yearly.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 63.167995
Retrieved Text: For the best possible lawn cut make sure mower blades are sharp. Set the height of mowing for three inches and do not deviate from this mowing height. Always run the engine at full throttle so blades spin as fast as possible. Travel across the lawn at a reasonable pace allowing time for the blades to cut and discharge clippings. Never pull a mower backward. They do not cut well in reverse. Mow often enough so that you never remove more than one third of the grass plant. In an ideal situation the grass is allowed to grow to four inches and then cut to three. Clippings should remain neatly on the lawn.
Mower Blades must be sharp. In normal mowing conditions a professional cutter will sharpen mower blades every six hours of cutting. For the home owner mowing her own lawn, sharpening and balancing blades every fifteen hours of mowing is the common recommendation. If you do not own the tools necessary to sharpen and balance your own mower blade, buy an extra blade or set of blades as the case may be. When the old one becomes dull replace it and have it sharpened and balanced by your mower shop.
Dull Mower Blades tear the grass plants causing the lawn to look brown. The frayed edges of grass blades damaged by a dull mower blade lose more moisture and are more prone to disease. Reportedly, a mower running with dull blades will use 22% more fuel than when operated under the same conditions with properly sharpened

########
Rank: 29
Score: 63.09252
Retrieved Text: A well-mown stripy lawn is a thing of beauty. If you’ve set your sights on achieving a lawn of the finest striped calibre this year, read on for some expert advice from Steve Copnall of Allett Mowers.
If you’re to successfully mow a stripy lawn, it needs to be in a good condition. There is still time to carry out the essential spring jobs – aerating, scarifying, treating weeds, over-seeding and feeding – that will soon get grass growing healthily.
So assuming your lawn is now growing well and in good shape, it’s time to start mowing in your stripes.
“For stripes it’s all about the mower itself,” says Steve. “You want a mower with a rear roller as that’s what will create the stripes.” Using a cylinder mower will give you better results too, as these cut the grass with a cleaner, finer cut, the blades working like those of scissors as opposed to the more machete-like action of a rotary mower.
A cylinder mower with rollers, such as Allett’s Westminster model, is necessary for stripes.
But how do you go about planning an intricate pattern if you want something more creative than simple, parallel stripes? “It’s all about planning,” Steve says. “It’s best, ideally, if you draw your lawn first and sketch a plan on paper. Then you can work out the width of your mower, the area you’ve got to cover. Graph paper is good because you can easily draw it to scale.” Steve also says a larger open area with the lawn in a square, rectangle or

================



======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: He starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass. His dog comes outside and starts to follow him a little while he's closer to the house. the yard... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is slowly starting to look really really nice, once he is completely finished the yard looks great, nice and smooth.

Ending 2: is very neat and clean and very active under the circumstances.

Ending 3: gets mowed quicker by the dog.

Ending 4: eventually looks happy on the outside and appears to be going pretty happily.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 59.368397
Retrieved Text: Ever have one of those dogs who likes to give his opinion whether you want to hear it or not? That's Zappa, aka The Mouth. Zappa has no problem sharing his dislikes, but mostly he loves to rant about all the unfair injustices in his life, especially when it comes to Chance and the Front Pack. Zappa is the dog that is undeniably done wrong in this family and he never lets you forget it.
So, my story starts with needing to finish mowing the back lawn. The terrain of the Back Dogs, Zappa and Fiona. Where I precede with asking them to come in the house so they can be out of the path of flying sticks and small rocks. Both comply, although Zappa gives me that one eyed leary look as he looks out the glass sliding door.
You can't believe a words she says.
Just look how sweet and innocent I am.
The rant starts to build. I should never have to come in if I don't want to! If you are out there than I have all alpha status to right to be out there too. How dare you class me as a second rate citizen and make me listen to you! How dare you treat me like a dog! We are equal! EQUAL! LET ME BACK OUTSIDE THIS MINUTE, WOMAN! I WANT BACK OUTSIDE, NOW!
I'm watching this whole charade and I'm thinking, do I know you?
Sensing my lack of interest in his blatant abuse sends him into a Classic Zappa tirade. Glaring eyes, shouting obscenities,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 45.947548
Retrieved Text: My husband mows the lawn. Constantly. For months on end, he comes home from a long day at work and immediately fires up the mower. I look out the window to see him gleefully zipping back and forth on our front lawn, grass clippings clinging to his sweaty face. We currently have about two acres of grass that, according to him, is perpetually “too tall”. We’ll pull into our driveway from whatever endless errand and he’ll always sigh, peer at the lawn and say “I need to cut that grass.” Personally, I don’t see it. It looks just fine and dandy to me. Grass is grass, let it grow baby, let it GROW. But he mows. Cuts the grass down to size. It’s so short it looks like green velvet. Welcome to the Richter golf course. “It looks fine,” I tell him. “FINE.” And then a few days later, he mows it again. Men.
One hot summer day I noticed this fascination with mowing is not just for my husband. The entire neighborhood around me is filled with giant lawns, all cut by other husbands seemingly every day. Some days I can hear up to four or five mowers going at once. All of the men out there on their mowers for hours on end. What is the draw? I had to find out. After having my husband talk me through the finer points of riding the mower (so the rabbit means “fast”? ooohkay, got it.) I set off to mow our lawn. Soon I’m getting the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.722897
Retrieved Text: In Columbus, Ohioans are glued to their televisions all fall, watching their Buckeyes pursue the collegiate football championship. But hopefully, before you settle into the sofa, you've made plans for having your lawn emerge healthy and green come springtime. In central Ohio, late November is the last opportunity for getting in your winterizing fertilizer.
Before it gets a blanket of snow, make sure your lawn has its bedtime snack. You'll want to use a compound of N-P-K (nitrogen-phosphorus-potassium) for optimal results. Complete fertilizers with ratios of 3:1:2, 4:1:2, and 5:1:2 are best suited for Ohio lawns. If you're not sure which kind is best for your grass, check with a local lawn care expert. Most Ohio homeowners prefer turf-type tall fescue, perennial ryegrass, and Kentucky bluegrass.
In early March, look for fresh blades of grass emerging in the ground. As soon as you have two to two-and-a-half inches of lawn, it's time for your first mowing. It's a good time to either rake up remnants of fallen leaves or chop them up in the mowing.
Aerate the lawn if the ground has compounded under the snowpack. Pull early emerging weeds or apply herbicidal soaps in selected-spot treatment. Continue mowing the lawn at two-inch intervals.
Plan for diligent monitoring for insects, including bluegrass billbug, sod webworm and chinch bug. Irrigate as needed. Continue spot lawn herbicidal or hand-pull weed treatments.
Follow same lawn plan for June and July, but add one overall lawn fertilizing and do some over-seeding if needed for the winter.
With these tips, you can huddle up for the winter

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.11539
Retrieved Text: Chicago commercial landscape maintenance service company for Greater Chicagoland, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Iowa and the Midwest.
If first impressions are important to you, then think what others see when they initially visit your commercial site. Is the lawn and landscaping cared for, or neglected? If your property looks rundown and overgrown, one may wonder if all aspects of your business are equally sloppy. Our service solutions go beyond just Lawn Mowing. TSI Landscape Maintenance services start with Spring Cleanups which include Mulching and the first round of Bed Maintenance services. Lawn Care Maintenance services include seeding and fertilization. Tree and Shrub Care provides trimming and pruning. You can count on TSI for all your Irrigation Maintenance and Repair needs. Irrigation Winterization services can be integrated into Fall Winter Prep, when any special plant material needs are met, including fall fertilization, leaf raking and wrapping of delicate shrubs and hedges. Finally, it’s advised to have TSI cut your grass short for the final mowing before winter. This will avoid longer grass which will flop over and shelter fungal diseases when snow covered over the winter.
Our Landscape Maintenance service solutions go beyond just Lawn Mowing. TSI Landscape Maintenance starts with Spring Cleanups which include Mulching and the first round of Bed Maintenance services. Lawn Care Maintenance services include seeding and fertilization. Tree and Shrub Care provides trimming and pruning. You can count on TSI for all your Irrigation Maintenance and Repair needs. Irrigation Winterization services can be integrated into Fall Winter Prep, when any special plant material needs are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.046032
Retrieved Text: Much like us humans, dogs also have their comfort zones and things that they just can’t do without, like a favorite toy or clothing item that they literally carry everywhere with them. Many kids had a favorite blanket growing up that was always by their side as toddlers. Dogs and kids have a lot of things in common, including that aspect. A Golden Retriever named Otus knows the situation all too well, for he also has a favored blanket that he drags everywhere – in fact, he won’t do anything without his favorite blankie!
In the video below, Otus is seen tenderly dragging his blankie from room to room in his owner’s home. He seems to settle in the living room for a while, taking care that he doesn’t mess up his blanket. When someone asks him to go outside and play, Otus seems skeptical and still latches on to his beloved blanket, with a confused look on his face. Finally the dog starts moving and carefully walks, making sure not to step on the cloth even as he makes his way down the stairs. It’s amusing to see just how gentle and careful a dog could be with its belongings! He ends up taking the blanket outside with him and nestles in the grass in the yard, placing the blankie next to him, not even putting it under himself to sit on, like most people do when they’re sitting on grass outside. How adorable is that?!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.650745
Retrieved Text: Our lawn service starts as little as $40 for a small lot. This service includes mowing, raking and blowing sidewalks and driveway clear of grass clippings from lawn cutting.
Lawn aeration service starts at a little as $70 for a small lot.
What a beautiful looking lawn! Amazing!
Jims Mowing provides professional lawn mowing and gardening service throughout Auckland, Christchurch, Wellington, Hamilton oasisindy.com.
Your arborist can help you maintain attractive shrubbery with a properly timed shrub care plan that addresses your aesthetic, health, winter protection needs www.tree-doctor-houston.com.
You have to wash the grass with water and dish cleanser each couple of days or when it would appear that it needs some cleaning. Try not to utilize hostile to bacterial dish cleanser, as this will leave the garden with yellow streaks.
Tooler’s Lawn Maintenance is a family owned and family operated business located in Sydney Mines, NS. Since opening in 2009, we are committed to providing you with quality lawn care service in Sydney, Sydney Mines and North Sydney and surrounding area. We are committed to supporting local communities and local businesses. In these tough economic times, we pledge our support to our local economy by purchasing our materials and machinery locally.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.60632
Retrieved Text: If you've been to a ballpark, you've seen it: grass grown and mowed into perfect stripes or a checkerboard pattern. Grass striping is not as complicated as it seems. The average homeowner can recreate this pattern in his own lawn. With just a little extra time and effort, you can have a ballpark-quality lawn and be the envy of the neighborhood.
Decide on what pattern you want your lawn to reflect. The striping effect is caused by the light hitting the blades of grass in different ways, depending on which way the blade is laying. Pick good directions for your mower to easily travel over the lawn.
Begin in one corner of the lawn and mow a perfectly straight line until the opposite end of the lawn. Turn around somewhere off the pattern area so that the cutter won't effect the pattern design. Mow the next line exactly next to the first one, in the complete opposite direction.
Continue mowing in this manner until you have finished the entire lawn. Look over the lawn to see if the design is pleasing with stripes. If you decide that you prefer a checkerboard pattern, do the same actions over again, going across the whole lawn instead of up and down.
Make a diamond shaped design by mowing up and down stripes, and then going over the lawn a second time at a 45 degree angle. Alternately, you can simply do all stripes at an angle to the property.
Mow around a tree or other permanent obstacle by mowing in a curve around the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.457336
Retrieved Text: Here in Miami, Florida we meet a lot of dogs and puppies who lives in high-rise condos. These “high-rise puppy” owners have a special challenge where house training is concerned because access to grass is not as easy as just opening the sliding glass door and having your dog run outside. Instead it’s a 10 minutes trip from start to finish — leashing up your dog, getting out, locking up, down the elevator, out the back because dogs can’t walk through most lobbies, and finally getting away from the concrete jungle onto the grass. If you have a small puppy (under 12 weeks), house training quickly becomes a logistical nightmare since puppy needs to go out almost every hour on the hour. So what’s the alternative? Potty Patch.
Potty Patch is a synthetic grass mat that can be placed on your outdoor balcony during house training. We don’t recommend having any dog learn to go exclusively on a potty patch or pee pee pad for that matter, since all dogs regardless of size do need time to walk, explore, and play in natural grace. Yet, for the times when you just simply can’t get out of your high rise apartment fast enough the next best thing is fake grass “outside” on your patio. This way your dog still gets the experience of going outside into the fresh air to do his business. And you can make your dog’s house training a priority when you simply don’t have the time to find your shoes, keys, etc. When your

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.367542
Retrieved Text: Experienced lawn enthusiasts swear by the cleaning action of scarification. There is no better way to get rid of thatch from the remnants of dead plants and grass cuttings as well as moss and shallow-rooted weeds.
A rotating roller cuts into the soil at the surfaces to loosen up thatch, moss and weed roots, the dead organic material is either collected in the catch basket or removed subsequently from the surface of the lawn using a rake so that the grass gets air to breathe and water to grow. After the scarification it is best to feed the lawn with nutrients so that it can recover.
Your lawn should be able to regenerate before the scarification. For that reason, when it starts to flower outside, scatter a high-quality lawn fertiliser so that the hungry grass that had been stressed by the winter can grow more strongly. When the mowing season starts, mow your lawn two or three times before scarifying it for the first time.
Now scarify the lawn thoroughly - ideally several times - across both the length and the width. Always ensure that the blades only touch the ground lightly so as not to cut it up. Scarifying too deeply damages the grass roots and wears the blades of the scarifier. For that reason always pull quickly across the area.
After treating the whole lawn you can make minor corrections to the surface of the soil by adding or removing topsoil where it is needed. Small gaps caused by the scarification will close up by themselves.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.339367
Retrieved Text: Correy Petz had worked in landscaping and land care through college while he studied business and finance. After graduating, he was finally able to put on a suit and tie every day for work. However, when he was at work, he found that he missed the freedom of being in the great outdoors.
Two years later, he left the business world and pursued his passion in landscaping. Recently, however, he realized that there was a need to make lawn care more personable. Combining his business and landscaping expertise, he created EverGreen Turf Solutions.
Did you know? A healthy lush weed free lawn is all about science and timing Everything needs food to live and thrive, and a healthy green lawn is no different. A lawn requires the right food and nutrition (fertilizer), applied timely, to keep optimal health. “There are also many different species of weeds that germinate at different times throughout the year. There are winter and summer annual weeds, perennial weeds, grassy and broadleaf weeds. All these weeds germinate and grow at different times of the year throughout the season. Some germinate in spring and grow through summer, some germinate in fall and grow through spring, and some return year after year. Some are better controlled before they germinate with pre-emergent products and some are better treated after emerging with post-emergent products. Some grassy weeds, ‘summer spoilers,’ won’t be seen until summer, and, at times, once you see them, they’re hard to control.” As a result, it will always take more than a few visits with

########
Rank: 10
Score: 43.90802
Retrieved Text: Some people think that spaniel puppies nowadays are less bold than previously. There's nothing wrong with that and you will still end up with a reliable companion, as long as the training is good and consistent.
A timid spaniel puppy’s early training needs to managed differently from that of a dog with a bolder temperament.
With these puppies give them more free running exercise than you would with a bolder dog. Encourage them to enter cover – starting with easy, long grass, gradually building up to the thicker, harder variety.
During these lessons you need to continually make a mental note of the dog’s attitude to the tasks you want it to perform. Is he, for instance, ‘getting too far away’ or is he simply ‘just running about happily’ and enjoying himself?
Or maybe he’s ‘hunting with determination’ because there’s scent on the ground? All this is for you to decide. With a less confident dog it’s generally best to use ground that’s had game on it because the scent it leaves will actively encourage him to hunt.
Don’t be alarmed if the pup actually finds game and chases it a short way, say 15 yards or so before turning and returning to command.
If he does this then praise him lavishly on his return. On the other hand, it’s a sign to start serious training if he chases game and continues hunting hard where it disappeared.
It’s also the sign to avoid giving him any further contact with game until later in his training.
If a puppy proves reluctant to enter cover, throw

########
Rank: 11
Score: 43.833458
Retrieved Text: I used to be a really good griper. Now, I’m a more of a mediocre whiner. Ever since I saw a documentary about Ethiopian women, incontinent from being hung from trees to give birth, the joy has sort of gone from my griping, making it sound nasally, insignificant and feeble, a.k.a., whiny.
My latest whine is about my neighbor, Ed. I don’t know him, nobody I know knows him, but everybody knows his name, I assume because there have been discussions about him. See, Ed mows his lawn at night. The minute the sun goes down, and not a minute sooner, Ed turns on his back porch light, as if to warn us, and starts up the riding mower.
It takes Ed about two hours to finish. In a neighborhood where driveways are within crawling distance of each other and ON A RIDING MOWER. I think it’s because Ed likes to mulch. A lot. Although I can’t be sure, I’m just trying to make sense of it all.
His yard is like mine – there’s natural growth all over it. It’s not pristeen, is what I mean to say. Why he has to go over the same spot ten times to cut it into the tiniest blades of grass possible is beyond me. But he does. I thought possibly Ed had skin cancer and didn't have an SPF suitable for, say, dusk, but my son saw him leave with golf clubs at high noon the other day. So, Ed plays golf during the day, but must mow grass in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.57123
Retrieved Text: A couple years ago I needed to have some electrical work done in a shed out back.
I looked at the dead yellow spots along the edge of what otherwise is a great looking back yard. I have two female dogs. A big dog and a little dog. They both tend to go on the grass right near the patio edge.
Sometimes the grass seemed to take off and grow more green and longer on the dog spots. And sometimes the grass would be dead in a couple days.
Now fast forward a couple years.
I set all my sprinkler timers for 20 minutes at a time and watered three times a week. No more dead dog spots on my lawn. Why?
This is really similar to the ammonia nitrate in fertilizer. A couple years ago my brother used 21-0-0 on his lawn. He put on too much and didn't water enough. He burned his entire lawn.
Dog urine is like strong liquid fertilizer. Water the dog areas often enough and long enough and dog doesn't kill the grass when he is out doing his duty.
Fertilizer is a necessary part of baseball field turf management. Just make sure you follow application directions. Don't put out too much. Make sure you water enough regularly after putting it out.
If the dog does indeed kill a spot, rake the dead grass out and let the rest grow back over the bare spot.
So, now I enjoy my dogs and a good looking lawn. No more dog markings on my lawn.
What do these two players have in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.433357
Retrieved Text: Nothing beats a freshly mowed lawn. That’s why our truly professional landscapers specialize in lawn mowing for Denver, CO homes. We can come to your home and take care of everything, the weeding, trimming, watering, fertilization, and of course, mowing. You grass will never have looked better. Lawn mowing for Denver, CO homes isn’t just for cosmetics, either. The process is good for your yard and in turn, for keeping your plants healthy. Professional landscapers will be able to determine what length your grass should be at, as well as which fertilizer blend to use. Furthermore, lawn mowing in Denver, CO will be a huge boost in curb value, allowing you to see an immediate return on this investment.
There are a great many variables when it comes to treating your lawn, which is why you can safely leave it to professional landscapers to handle the situation. Why sweat it out under the brutal heat of the sun, allergies flaring, while the mower is kicking rocks at you? Hire our professional landscapers in Denver, CO to do it all, and you won’t have to worry about a single thing. It’s a great service at a fair rate. Beautifully executed lawn mowing in Denver, CO is just a phone call away.
Lawn care isn’t an issue with these professionals. It’s a specialty. Signing up for a full service lawn mowing in Denver, CO entails a lot of different jobs to ensure your lawn is as healthy as possible. Before the mowing even starts, you have the option of either

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.33802
Retrieved Text: Those wonderful puppy pee pads promised to make potty training your pup so easy! All you had to do was rub a little of their pee on the pad and put it in the same place each time. Your pup will follow his own scent to the target and boom, no more wet spots on the floor. You can even do the same with a little poop. And as long as you keep a ready supply of pads, everything's all right. Or is it?
Yup! Those pads are a real modern miracle until you miss one for a day or two and the stink starts to set in. Maybe it's time for those pads to go for your sake, your dog's sake, and the sake of your nose.
More importantly, those dirty pads are pretty nasty and unhealthy, so missing one could be a really bad thing. Even more importantly, no one wants to step on one of those pads in the middle of the night.
Now that you have your dog trained to do his business on the pads, you have a couple of challenges to overcome in order to get him to start going outside. First, by leaving the pee pads on the floor for your pup to use whenever he needed to go without telling you, you have to teach him to let you know when he needs to go so you can let him out.
However, teaching your pup to let you know when he needs to go and then getting him to go outside is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.24808
Retrieved Text: YES, PLEASE; HAVE YOUR WAY WITH MY LAWN, TOO; I hear you, Andre. As much as I basically like to mow, I don’t like it as much as the grass apparently liked to grow this wet, cool year. My 2009 lawn was a 1965 Tressy doll, but I couldn’t get the dial to turn the other way–to ungrow–you know? Are you all still in service to your turf (turf serfs, so to speak), too?
Not so much, and that’s probably why I haven’t ripped out the last of it. It’s green. Gets watered regularly (or as regularly as I am comfortable with in California). However, I haven’t mowed it in at least two months. I’m pretty sure I didn’t mow it in August and I know I haven’t mowed it in September. It just seems to have stopped growing. Must have heard me muttering under my breath the last time I did mow it, that I couldn’t wait for it to be gone, as well.
This year has been the worst year for our lawn. Weeds galore and bare areas.
Only in the last month or so it has begun to look decent. I’m not really sure what went wrong this year.
i just spent far too long sorting through search returns for ‘no-mow’ grasses, because i thought i remembered once–on a program that i was only half watching–someone mentioning something called something like ‘Korean grass’ that didn’t require mowing.
If you find no mow grass, please let us know Mrs. A. Meanwhile I might just print up a big version

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.928764
Retrieved Text: The STIHL RM 4 RT Mulching Lawn Mower is part of STIHLS 7 Series. This makes it ideal for professional users in parks and garden maintenance or for mowing more extensive lawns. It is a self-propelled mulching lawn mower which features optimised design, robustness and high-quality equipment such as QuickFix, quick release handles for compact storage and simple transportation, skirt protectors and a powerful Kohler XT675 Series OHV SC engine. Mulching saves everyone time as the grass clippings do not need to be disposed of, instead, the shredded grass is returned directly to the lawn acting as a natural fertiliser. This helps to provide that luscious green colour we all crave for. Addition features of the RM 4 RT include SmartChoke, which makes the lawn mower easy to start and double ball bearing wheels with excellent grip make the mower comfortable to use even over long periods of time. The front and rear carry handles help with transportation. As well as all of these fantastic features, the RM 4 RT comes with a 5-year domestic warranty which is subject to registration and annual servicing.
Easy start engine - Thanks to the SmartChoke technology, the engine starts up reliably and with minimal effort both during cold and warm starting.
Self-propelled - Self-propelled STIHL lawn mowers take the effort out of lawn mowing. The drive mechanism propels the mower without it physically having to be pushed. This makes working easier, especially on large lawns and inclines.
Mulching blade - With the specially shaped mulching blade, the grass is cut in stages

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.822323
Retrieved Text: A lot of people take great pride in how their front lawn looks like. After all, it’s the banner post, the front row seat, the attention-getter in a property. Undoubtedly, a good-looking lawn can make a good-looking house. People thus put importance on getting their lawns done and preparing it for the well-awaited season when everything is in full bloom—spring. This is a known fact, given that American homeowners spend about $ 6.4 billion a year on lawn care according to the Professional Lawn Care Association of America.
Lawn care in St. Louis starts with prepping up a healthy lawn just before summer’s intense heat, starts with a rigorous spring maintenance. Since winter can alter soil pH, compact the soil, and create conditions friendly to weeds and disease, it’s important to fertilize and mow the yard early in the season. So, what do you do when the melting snow of winter reveals bare spots, invasive plants and other problems with your green patches? The following tips are useful in caring for a spring lawn.
Get your hoses ready. It’s important to start a new gardening season with the right tools that help, and one of them is the indispensable water hose. When shopping for a hose, make sure to get one that’s long enough to reach the entire lawn, and enough to water all the flower beds. It’s important to keep everything hydrated.
Know when to water. A lot believe that it’s best to water the lawn at the beginning of the season. But, really, the best time to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.77532
Retrieved Text: Are you ready to give the noisy, gas-guzzling lawn mower the heave-ho? Unless your lawn is the size of a postage stamp, an electric lawn mower is most likely the right replacement. Then there are also the environmental considerations. “Using a typical, gas-powered lawn mower for one year can pollute as much as 43 new cars driven for a year,” the executive officer of the South Coast Air Quality Management District noted previously. You have probably already received periodic energy company solicitations to turn in your old gasoline-powered mower for one that runs on electricity. Perhaps you have been held back by old wives’ tales of low power or the fear of running over the power cord. Take heart, I have made the switch and so can you! It all starts with choosing the right electric lawn mower that meets your needs.
A corded electric lawnmower is very light — usually between 30 and 70 pounds, depending on accessories — and therefore extremely easy to handle. You need an accessible plug, preferable on the outside of the home. Frequently these gardening tools feature a 12-amp motor and a 14-inch to 20-inch mow width. If you have a smaller yard, and if you can commit to planning your mowing pattern with the cord in mind, this is an easy-to-use lawn mower for the backyard.
Cordless electric lawn mowers rely on a rechargeable battery for power. It is always a good idea to have two batteries — one to keep on the charger and the other one for the lawn

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.766853
Retrieved Text: The secret to a lush, green, healthy lawn is of course to apply regular water, feed or fertiliser, sun and regular mowing. Mowing should be done at the right time, in the correct way to achieve the best results.
Grass is a living plant and like other plants, cutting off the growing points encourages growth from the base of the plant resulting in a more tightly woven, thicker and stronger foliage.
Cutting grass regularly multiplies the existing grass plants. If you didn't mow your lawn at all it would be sparse and quite frankly ugly.
This image shows a lawn which has had infrequent mowing.
The keys fact's you need to consider when caring for your lawn is the frequency of which you mow and the height to which you mow it. Whilst mowing is important and encourages the plant to thicken, we must remember that the leaf is the engine room for the plant and reducing the size of the leaf also reduces the plants strength and growth capacity. Therefore a good looking lawn is achieved by light mowing on a regular basis.
Raise the height of the blade in Spring, the first few cuts should be light taking around 1/4 of the blade off.
In the dryer Summer months the grass starts to slow down it's growth, make sure you do not take off more than 1/3 of the blade's height. In the height of Summer you should be mowing to a level of 3/4 of an inch to 1 inch. This is based on domestic lawns, for professional lawns

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.43974
Retrieved Text: Photograph of lawn mower on the green grass. Mower is located on the right side of the photograph with view on grass field.
A beautiful velvety lawn is the ideal for many homeowners. This is possible with some mowing tips that will help you mow like a pro. There is more to mowing than going back and forth with an old lawn mower. Grass is a plant, or rather a multitude of plants, so plant science is involved and, since a well-tended lawn requires equipment and irrigation, there is also mechanics involved.
A healthy lawn needs sunlight, nutrients and water to thrive. A good lawn fertilizer contains mostly nitrogen, some phosphorus, potassium and sulfur. Weed killer-fertilizer combinations are usually inadequate with little fertilizer. In addition, the herbicide they contain damages or kills trees and shrubs.
In this arid environment, an efficient irrigation system is the only way to grow healthy turf. It goes beyond just adding water; you have to add the right amount of water for the time of year. Water requirements for grass vary through the growing season depending on temperature, humidity, wind and solar intensity. A lawn often needs over two inches of water per week when the temperatures are at or above 90 degrees. Yet, during the cooler seasons, three-quarters of an inch may be more than adequate. Adjust timers often according to the temperature.
To get a professional look, mow in alternate directions every week. Mow often, removing only one-third of the grass blade length each time. Mow at three and one-half inches to four

########
Rank: 21
Score: 42.390255
Retrieved Text: ← Can I Fertilize My Plants Too Much?
The first health benefit that is achieved is the way that the grass grows. In a yard, resources are absorbed by the grass and used to grow. By slicing the growth down to a short and uniform level on a regular basis, all of the growth gets an equal distribution of resources. Due to this fact, mowing on a regular basis will allow the lawn to remain consistent in nature, because all of the resources that are gained from the sun and water are spread out evenly throughout the yard. Consistency is important to both health and appearance, so making sure that resources are evenly distributed is very important.
The next health benefit comes with the concept of reinforcement and improvement over time. When the grass is cut, the hardiest and the healthiest shoots are the ones that do the best. With every cut, the best shoots will proliferate making the grass much more visible in nature overall.
The last health benefit is that the fallen shoots of grass will help to fertilize the lawn. Even if a person is bagging when they are going through the process, some of the extra debris from the act will be returned to the earth. This plant matter composts quickly and revitalizes the soil underneath it. In this way, mowing helps to keep everything fresh and green!
This entry was posted in children, Fertilizing, hardwood flooring, Holiday lawn care, home checklists, home improvement, landscaping, lawn care tips, lawn maintenance, Leaves, moving companies, real estate, Seasonal

########
Rank: 22
Score: 42.337593
Retrieved Text: This is not a photography post (of course, there are photos), but it’s a post. It counts. I have two funny stories about my animal companions.
My dog has realized that when the cats hack, it is sometimes food. Yummy. So, one of my cats was getting sick, making all kinds of noise and my dog was following him around with his nose next to his mouth. He was just waiting for my cat to yack up some tasty goods. Gross, but funny.
The other is a story about strange people coming up my driveway. I often put my dog on the front porch, because he gets restless inside. He likes to know what’s going on in the world. So, I had him out there tonight as my husband was getting ready for work. He starts barking, so I look out the window and saw a strange truck coming up my drive. So, I go out to rein in my crazy, wild dog before he gnaws somebody’s leg off. The guy rolls down the window and asks if this is the house with the dog pen to give away. I tell him no, must be one of my neighbors. What’s the house number? He starts to get out of his truck and his phone rings, it’s his wife, telling him it’s a yellow house. So, he goes to get back in his truck. My husband comes out and my cat sneaks around him, out the door. He is all puff and wild, like he is going to back

########
Rank: 23
Score: 42.20863
Retrieved Text: Does Your Dog Eat Grass?
In some instances eating grass might be an indication of boredom. If your dog has got a backyard to wander about in and not much to do in it then he may decide to engage in eating grass out of boredom. By providing him with regular exercise and mental challenges, or even another dog to play with, your dog may revert to eating grass out of boredom. If you notice your dog eating grass, make sure that you are spending sufficient time with him by taking him for walks or setting aside a specific time to interact and play with him. Sometimes the solution can be as simple as providing a few bones as an alternative of an interactive toy (check out www.tethertug.com ) I have one for our dogs and they absolutely LOVE it!). In addition, there are many more GREAT interactive toys guaranteed to keep your pup busy. I have found that as long as our dogs have toys, bones and a couple of interactive toys and each other, they will entertain themselves outside on nice days when I am home for hours!
Some people believe that grass is a form of self medication if your dog has tummy troubles by turning to grass for relief. If the behavior suddenly starts – when it wasn’t there before, and your dog seems to be anxious, by chewing, swallowing while extending his neck and making swallowing motions and then vomiting afterwards a visit to the vet should be in order. Studies have found

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.147236
Retrieved Text: Friday Keith's hair was a mess. He had been to visit Ralph the Hairdresser.
That is what my Dad would say when we woke up with a rat's nest in our hair. That or monsters had been sucking on our heads.
Either way, Keith's hair was out of control.
And so, rather than stop for the two minutes it takes to comb his hair, I took him to the Barber.
The last time we had gone it hadn't been pretty. I was 8 months pregnant, and Keith was squirming and screaming. Mike the barber gave him a sucker, but it immediately got hair all over it, and holding him down, holding him still while Mike worked was hard work.
I don't know if I will ever forget those screams.
Which is why it had been nearly two years since he had a real hair cut. Mine usually end up slightly funny looking. I try, but don't always succeed.
He told the lady he wanted his hair like Iron Man. I told her I wanted it Missionary cut. She tried to please us both. I think Keith is the happier of the two of us. It is a little too short for my taste, but it still looks good. And now, he is one tasty little morsel!
Saturday the sun decided to grace us with its presence.
I ventured outside, pulled out the lawn mower, and went to town.
It was looking like the Amazon decided to move to my yard.
During the never ending winter months, I had missed the smell of freshly cut grass. The hot

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.100433
Retrieved Text: The summer is coming to a close and the new fall weather is taking hold of the day. The weather is a welcome change for most people after a long hot summer. The fall is the kick off to football, spiced coffee and of course the holiday season. When it comes to your lawn and landscaping it can be hard to know what you need to do. This type of weather brings a massive change to the lawn, trees and shrubs where it seems like they are not growing anymore. The cooler temperatures are not the right atmosphere for plants to continue to grow and flourish. The great thing is that the foliage and grass will come back in the spring but only if you prepare now for the colder seasons ahead. If you let your yard go in the fall it will take it longer to get back in the spring; if you are able to get it back at all.
Don’t Stop Mowing Or Watering Grass: The first mistake that many people make when the fall season sets in is stopping their lawn care all together. The problem is that although the lawn will slow on growth it will not stop. The grass still needs to be cared for by the way of watering and mowing. You can of course adjust the amount of watering and mowing that you are doing but you don’t want to stop. You want to keep an eye on the grass and be sure that you mow when it is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.97353
Retrieved Text: A lawn that is well kept and maintained throughout the season plays a significant role in any home owner’s life. It helps to increase the value of any home as well as making the home more eye catching to all that pass by consistently.
The essential key for any immaculate lawn is consistency in lawn care, such as mowing, mulching and seeding. Most owners find, however, that maintaining this type of consistent lawn care can be time consuming and often choose not to go through with it.
With the tips and guidelines listed below, most home owners will find that, with small amounts of time and outside work, any lawn around the country can be made to look beautiful when all is said and done.
Saturation is a vital key to maintaining the health of your lawn on a consistent basis. A lawn should be watered a few days each week and monitored to determine how much water the grass and soil are getting. The water should dampen the soil under the grass to a depth of about 6 inches to make sure that the roots are obtaining proper saturation.
Fertilizer should be used early in the spring and late in the fall to maintain the health of the grass and the soil. The nutrients within the fertilizer assist in making the grass strong against outside forces, such as lack of water and stamping from feet or other heavy sources. All home owners should speak with a lawn care specialist to determine the type of fertilizer that should be used

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.802956
Retrieved Text: Details of the February arrest of Kalamazoo, Michigan mass shooter Jason Dalton have been released by area authorities investigating the case. Dalton was working an an Uber driver and taking fares in between shooting his six victims. The 87 page document turns up some peculiar (alleged) influences going on in Dalton's mind during the events.
Leave it to the press to include the last paragraph for no apparent reason besides clickbait for anti-Masonic nitwits.
Jason Dalton had his family dog in the car with him when he allegedly began his shooting rampage. Dalton apparently was working as an Uber driver and taking fares during his shooting spree. He blames the Uber app he was using for the violence, telling police after he was arrested Feb. 20 that the app took him over "like artificial intelligence that can tap into you body"
According to the arresting officer's report (view here), Dalton said when he logged onto the Uber app it "started making him be like a puppet." He told police he would have tried to have a "shootout with police, when the log in went from the black symbol back to the red, that's when Dalton stopped his thought."
"He said it starts out that you have to follow the navigation, but it gets to the point where you don’t have to drive at all, the car just goes. He was seeing himself from outside of his body."

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.79931
Retrieved Text: Tasmanian chaser Be Like Bill returns to Sandown Park tonight with his sights set firmly on the mainland riches.
• Thursday night is Wings Night with TAB!
Be Like Bill began his career in Victoria under the tutelage of Robert Britton, however after winning just one of his first 17 starts he was sent to Blake Pursell in Tasmania where he quickly established himself as one of the Apple Isle’s premier sprinters, winning 12 of his 25 starts and reaching the Hobart Thousand and Launceston Cup finals. However it was his scintillating last start win in 25.60 at Hobart – less than two lengths from the track record – than confirmed his ticket back to Victoria.
Click here to see his brilliant Hobart victory.
“My young bloke has done a good job with him,” said Blake’s father Brendan, who will look after the greyhound during his stay.
Be Like Bill made the move to Tasmania in May last year before returning for a tilt at the Provincial Plate heats at Geelong in November. However he didn’t travel well and finished a well beaten fifth, so the camp will try a different tactic this time.
“The dog is good enough, it just seems that when he goes away he loses the plot a little bit so we’re going to try something different this time. We brought him over the night before to see if he settles better that way.
“He (Blake) is thinking about the Warrnambool Cup with him so he’s brought him over to see how he handles the travelling and how he

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.607
Retrieved Text: Quick and Effective Lawn Mowing Tips Lawn mowing does not require rocket science, but there are ideas you can apply to make your job easy. Many homeowners have opted to carry out the mowing process on their won as opposed to hiring someone else to do the job. Step one in the lawn mowing procedure is to purchase a lawn mower that is reliable for the job at hand. You eliminate the need for raking if you choose a model that comes equipped with a grass catcher attachment. The time required for mowing your lawn will depend on the size of your property. For large lawns, you need to consider a powered mower for easier cutting and to save some time. Riding lawnmowers can greatly reduce the time and energy used on cutting your grass, but they’re much more expensive to purchase and unless you’ve got a very large property, they are not worth the price. Once you have purchased the lawn mower you need, you are ready to start the lawn mowing procedure. The following are some tips to help you out with making your task smoother and easier. When beginning the entire process it is important to first prepare your mower so that you do not have to stop in the middle of your cutting. Lawn mower prep includes sharpening dull blades, oiling rusty components for better handling of the machine, adjusting the mower’s wheels to correct cutting height, etc.
Try and move around the entire property and remove any rocks, toys or other debris

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A sea is shown with a green forest on seashore. Blond man is standing in seashore and talking to the camera and surfing big waves on the sea. man... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is on ocean and swimming in white water snapping his head.

Ending 2: is snowboarding up in the sea.

Ending 3: is doing flips in the waters and on the rocks and he be water surfing.

Ending 4: is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 52.67029
Retrieved Text: 1. land along the sea.
2. the ground between the ordinary high-water and low-water marks.
He meets a Pigeon, who carries him to the seashore.
Then we can go on and be at the seashore in the morning.
A CRAB, forsaking the seashore, chose a neighboring green meadow as its feeding ground.
So early the next morning the Doctor went down to the seashore.
And when they had seen that there was plenty of hay in the loft to last the horse through the Winter, they carried all their luggage down to the seashore and got on to the boat.
When she heard it there came before her imagination the figure of a man standing beside a desolate rock on the seashore.
Our way lay across high mountains infested with frightful serpents, but we had the good luck to escape them and came at last to the seashore.
It was like the firing of many cannon, only there were no cannon-balls or other missiles to be seen; it was like the rolling of mighty thunder, only not a cloud was in the sky; it was like the roar of countless breakers on a rugged seashore, only there was no sea or other water anywhere about.
Anyhow," resumed the girl, "there is no seashore near the Land of Oz, so this must surely be some other fairy country.
Another little visit to the seashore would suit her better, and as Grandma could not be prevailed upon to leave the babies, Jo took Beth down to the quiet place, where she could live much in the open air, and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.150875
Retrieved Text: Close up of man holding his partner with his arm around her standing near a beach at sunset. Man and woman enjoying vacation near the seashore.
ImageDescriptionClose up of man holding his partner with his arm around her standing near a beach at sunset. Man and woman enjoying vacation near the seashore.
description Close up of man holding his partner with his arm around her standing near a beach at sunset. Man and woman enjoying vacation near the seashore.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.14184
Retrieved Text: Somaemuldo Island is called the treasure of Hallyeosudo. The combination of deep blue sea and high rugged precipice with rocks of fantastic shape is amazing. Deungdae island shown from Mangtaebong peak is so beautiful. You should well catch two ebb tide time in a day in order to enter Deungdae island.
Chungnyeolsa shrine was built to honor admiral Yi Sun-shin and cherish the memory of him. It has JeongChim, 5 gateways like Naesammoon gate, Joongmun gate, Uisammun gate, Jeongmun gate and Hongsalmun, and Ganghallu and exhibit hall.
Mireuksan mountain, which is located at an altitude of 461 meters, has been selected to one of 100 famous mountains in Korea. Dense forest, clean valley water, azalea and fallen leaves are amazing. In particular, the scenery of Hallyeohaesang shown from the mountaintop is out of this world!
It is the longest cable car in Korea(1975m). You would arrive at the upper station while appreciating the peaceful sea. 400 meters of trail deck is built to the top.
Bijindo island, which is also called as Miindo island, consists of inner island and exterior islands. Long shoal has been created between two islands. So you can enjoy the sunrise of the east sea and the sunset of the west sea at one place. It is also famous for sea fishing area so that it is crowded with many fishermen.
The highlight of Bijindo island is coral seashore connecting inner island and exterior island. While the west beach has thin silver sand and peaceful water, the east beach has broken water. Its geographical features are so

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.354294
Retrieved Text: A young adult relaxing on an overlook in South Carolina.
A man hanging from a wall that is covered in graffiti.
A man standing on a bicycle pretending to paint graffiti.
A young man doing a bunny-hop tailspin on his bike in an urban area.
Cape Lookout Lighthouse on the Cape Lookout National Seashore.
A person wearing a headlamp walks out of tent at night near snow capped mountain.
Snow is falling as riders pass through the spiral at a cyclocross bicycle race.
A man covered in mud after competing in a cyclocross race.
A man flying through the air on a mountain bike.
A man resting after riding his mountain bike.
A man cross country skiing on a ridgeline.
Cape Lookout National Seashore, North Carolina.
Camping in the Tatoosh with a great view of Mt. Rainier.
View of Mt. Rainier from the Tatoosh Range.
Mountain biker crossing a creek during the Pisgah Mountain Bike Stage Race.
A man with a messenger bag standing near graffiti.
A man jumping with his bicycle in front of a graffiti painted wall.
One person hiking on a sand dune in the Great Sand Dunes National Park.
A woman hiking in the deep forest of the Northern cascades.
Urban cyclist riding through downtown Seattle.
Runner crossing a creek in the Pisgah Forest of North Carolina.
A man performing a turn-down while riding large dirt jumps.
A man standing on I-beams in an abandoned industrial building.
A man competes in a cyclocross race.
A man in a red coat and white helmet ice climbing.
A man in a climbing helmet and black down coat.
A man leaning against a graffiti covered wall in front of his bicycle.
A

########
Rank: 4
Score: 42.00512
Retrieved Text: World is packed with remarkable characteristics, some are usually natural and a few are man-made. To discover and knowledge such excellent features a lot of people travel from destination to a new. A tourist wants to visit any destination where they could explore their free time to the particular fullest. Just about the most recommended getaway sites inside India will be KERALA. Amazing express attracts folks from throughout the earth each day. Here talking about some interesting approaches to enjoy a great unforgettable vacation close to the express with fantastic fun and also entertainment.
EVENING WANDER – The particular land will be exceptional in every aspects. Coastline aspects of around 550 km’s are produced as enchanting beaches. These beautiful seashores magnetize the eye of website visitors. Along these kinds of seashores you can enjoy engaging evening walk making use of their near and also dear ones in the most passionate manner. A number of the suggested beaches it is possible to explore in your Kerala excursion are Alappuzha Shorelines, Beypore Seashore, Varkala Seashore, Kappad Seashore, Kovalam Seashore, Cherai Seashore, Mararikulam Seashore and Marari Seashore. Many foods stalls can be purchased in the coastline to taste lip-smacking marine foods as well as other South Native indian special cuisines.
TREKKING – Mountain stations are usually scattered in many districts with the state and they’re ideal venues which you could rest inside the lap of Our mother earth. Such sites are encircled together with multiple beautiful sites and also captivate the eye of folks. To attract large numbers of tourist diverse

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.961937
Retrieved Text: #2255DD Color wallpapers: Sunset Sky Clouds House Trees Photo National Geographic. Sea Jellyfish Water Ocean Wallpaper. Yellow Seashore Landscape Red Rays Lake Reflection Lovely Clouds Fire Mountains Coast Sunlight Blue Mount Wave Beauty Fantasy Land Let View Green Photography Artful Peaceful Pretty Burning Abstract Nature Sunset Sea Ocean Beach Wallpaper Download. Mountain Reflection Lake Nature Wallpaper 1920x1080. Seasons Festivals Snow Houses Love New Greetings Winter Attractions Four Holidays Beautiful Paintings Xmas Snowman White Year Dreams Trees Christmas Free 3d Desktop Wallpaper. Field Forest Autumn Path Trees Season Sky Wallpapers For Mobile.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 41.724304
Retrieved Text: Just Google Kizznyc Gender: Feminine. Origin: Deccani (proto-urdu). Ayan' in Turkish, means "obviously" or "clearly" 'Ayan' [Urdu/Persian.] with the last 'n' not pronounced fully... but half i.e. nasal tone sound..)... means something that is open and clear /something like : "something vividly clear on the face of it" or prima-facie. In Sanskrit this also means "Speed" in English or "Gati" in Hindi. In Tamil: 'Ayan' is the name of Brahma, the Creator Ayan, originally means long night. Origin: Indian Farsi (Ancient, discontinued) In accordance with deccani tradition the Urdu pronunciation is given preference with the emphasis on Turkish feeling and Sanskrit enlightenment in standing with the original Farsi meaning . 205. That's an acuity digit. My Hmolpedia is extrasensory perception, hyper-agility, eidetic memory, mind palace, cognitive/interpersonal empathy among others.
Yes, English is most important duty British colonialism and America being the leader of the Free World other languages improve. Yes 2.2, but as an hpq, I didn't see the point of the usage of other languages use those countries enough either and if they are English will exist in such countries is quite ridiculous when people say they need to learn English the government is that responsibility of each country to promote and educate people in English and if they're not doing that, They just making people struggle English is the language of the world today is lingua Franca accepted the governments of the world and pay heed to its importance.
Trump accuses Moscow of violating Cold War-era INF treaty by deploying Novator missile. There are concerns that

########
Rank: 7
Score: 41.440067
Retrieved Text: The Canaveral National Seashore is a habitat for 14 different species of federally-listed threatened or endangered animals; it is the second largest number in the entire National Park Service. These species include Loggerhead, Leather back and Green sea turtles, the Eastern indigo snake, Bald eagles, the Florida scrub jay, the West Indian Manatee and the Right whale. Turtle watching during June and July is a popular thing to do along the Seashore. Turtle watching consists of going to the beach and to watch as the sea turtles come up, nest and lay their eggs, this gives visitors a chance to learn about sea turtles and their conservation. Alligators are also residents in the park especially along the Mosquito Lagoon.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 41.263233
Retrieved Text: JEJU ISLAND ― Shooting once-in-a-life-time photos from enviable locations ― mainly for social media ― has become an increasingly popular fad in recent years, regardless of age.
Taking the trend into account, the Korea Tourism Organization's (KTO) Jeju branch has come up with 40 "instagrammable" spots on the resort island that will ensure gorgeous pictures even if you are not a photography whiz.
Plus, on the occasion of the 2019 Spring Travel Week from April 27 to May 12, the branch plans to hold two photo events that it believes will give visitors a great photography tour.
Here are some destinations for vacation-photography experiences around the southern island of Jeju.
When you arrive at Jeju International Airport, Dodu Rainbow Coastal Road can be the first stop of your photography tour because it is close to the airport.
The rainbow-colored barriers running along the ocean offer a scenic view mixing with the seashore, so it is an up-and-coming photo spot for social network media freaks.
The length of the barriers is 15 to 20 minutes on foot, providing an ideal place for a stroll.
Sinchang is known as having the strongest winds on Jeju Island. For that reason, a wind power plant was established in 2007, resulting in huge windmills built in the ocean that present beautiful and romantic scenery.
Near the plant, there is a park along with a footpath featuring a sea-crossing bridge and an observation deck that often appears in commercials and TV dramas, which means it can be a great photo spot.
Also, the road on the northwest side of Jeju Island

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.984886
Retrieved Text: coral window valance coral reef window valance by crystal creek decor tropical fish valance deep sea fish window treatment navy and coral window valance.
coral window valance trend lab cocoa coral window valance coral and turquoise window valance.
coral window valance coral curtains sheer warm home designs window scarf valance cheap seashore coral window curtain valance in blue.
coral window valance aqua and coral window valance blue green navy aqua and white window valance navy and coral window valance.
coral window valance cape coral rod pocket valance w x l coral aqua and coral window valance.
coral window valance 1 seashore coral window curtain valance in blue.
coral window valance polyester window panels in coral coral and turquoise window valance.
coral window valance navy and coral window valance.
coral window valance aqua baby window valance rod pocket and coral valances seashore coral window curtain valance in blue.
coral window valance feather turquoise and coral collection window valance grey tribal geometric print coral reef window valance.
coral window valance coral reef window valance.
coral window valance window valances white coral geometric valance window valances bed bath and beyond seashore coral window curtain valance in blue.
coral window valance beach star cornice valance coral reef window valance.
coral window valance sea coral cornice valance navy and coral window valance.
coral window valance teal blue window valance coral and teal floral window valance tab top teal colored window valances aqua and coral window valance.
coral window valance awesome navy and white valance navy and coral window valance tab top navy blue and seashore coral window curtain valance in blue.
coral window valance valance coral ties

########
Rank: 10
Score: 40.676083
Retrieved Text: Cliffs are a major plant habitat around the coastal area, but in contrast to sand dunes and salt marshes, they have been little investigated in Korea. There are simple descriptions of cliff vegetation in studies on island vegetation, but there is no published paper, which addressed sea cliff vegetation synthetically. Furthermore, the coastal area where this study was carried out was designated as a conservation reserve. Even though, this area is exposed to intense recreational use such as trekking in these days.
This study aims to clarify spatial distribution and structure of vegetation along the environmental gradient on coastal cliff and plateau in the Janggi peninsula (Homigot) located on southeastern Korea. Further, this study has also another objective to prepare a restoration plan to protect this conservation reserve from intense human disturbance.
Landscape elements were arranged in the order of sea cliff risen directly on the sea, seashore, coastal cliff, and plateau covered with relatively deep soil in a coastal area of the Janggi peninsula (Homigot), southeastern Korea. Vegetation was sampled at 59 plots arranged from the sea cliff through the seashore and coastal cliff to plateau. The sea cliff, seashore, and coastal cliff, which compose the coastal landscape, were dominated by the seashore spatulate aster (Aster spathulifolius Maxim.) community, dwarf sand sedge (Carex pumila Thunb.) community, and seashore spatulate aster (Aster spathulifolius Maxim.) community. On the plateau corresponding to the ridge of the coastal cliff, black pine (Pinus thunbergii Parl.) community, golden rain tree (Koelreuteria paniculata Laxmann) community, east Asian hackberry (Celtis sinensis Pers.) community, sawleaf zelkova

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.533966
Retrieved Text: I've been missing Cape Cod so much and wanted to revisit this posting from a few years ago. I got the idea of gathering these photographs together after seeing a beautiful poem by Rabindranath Tagore on Anna's blog. I love the pictures of my son communing with the waves, standing on the rocks! He was exuberant that day.
"On the seashore of endless worlds children meet.
They know not how to swim, they know not how to cast nets. Pearl-fishers dive for pearls, merchants sail in their ships, while children gather pebbles and scatter them again.
The sea surges up with laughter, and pale gleams the smile of the sea-beach. Death-dealing waves sing meaningless ballads to the children, even like a mother while rocking her baby’s cradle.
On the seashore of the endless worlds children meet.
Tempest roams in the pathless sky, ships are wrecked in the trackless water, death is abroad and children play.
I discovered this wonderful poem on Anna's blog, Our Homeschooling Journey, http://days-that-never-end.blogspot.com/ Thank you for sharing the work of one of your favorite poets with us, Anna!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 39.982346
Retrieved Text: About: Today we're going to the seashore for a few moments of peace and relaxation. Click start, have a seat on the wooden bench on the peer and take in the beautiful seashore landscape, the blue sky and the waves breaking on the rocky shore. Have fun!
Liked "Relaxing By The Seashore" ?
Solve this jigsaw puzzle and see the range lights used to guide boats safely into Margaree harbor.
This new puzzle features a breath taking view of a rocky seashore and a red wooden boat waiting to be taken out to sea. Jump aboard and let's navigate through the rocky cliffs to the open blue sea in today's game.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.98208
Retrieved Text: #117525740 - mud volcano with bursting bubble bledug kuwu. volcanic plateau..
#117525736 - agricultural land in mountains fog and clouds, fields with crops,..
#117525733 - buddhist temple Brahma Vihara Arama with statues gods. balinese..
#117525727 - Hindu and Buddhist wooden carving. souvenir shop selling souvenirs..
#117525714 - Hindu and Buddhist wooden carving. souvenir shop selling souvenirs..
#117525693 - mud volcano with bursting bubble bledug kuwu. volcanic plateau..
#117525687 - tropical landscape rice fields, mountains, palm trees. farmland..
#117525645 - Aerial view mountain landscape with crater acid lake Kawah Ijen..
#117525641 - agricultural landscape in asia with rice fields, farmers village..
#117525631 - Mud volcano bledug kuwu. aerial view volcanic plateau with geothermal..
#117525623 - mosque in middle rice fields in Indonesia. aerial view farmland..
#117525619 - Aerial view rocky seashore with sandy beach. seascape ocean surf..
#117525551 - rural landscape mountains with farmlands, village, fields with..
#117525546 - rice fields, agricultural land with fields with crops, trees..
#117525526 - Mud volcano bledug kuwu. aerial view volcanic plateau with geothermal..
#117525506 - rice fields, agricultural land in countryside. aerial view farmland..
#117525498 - aerial view agricultural farmland with sown green,corn, tobacco..
#117525489 - aerial view Yogyakarta with buildings and houses at sunset. cityscape..
#117525486 - aerial view yogyakarta city cultural capital indonesia located..
#117525481 - agricultural land, farmlands in rainforest covered clouds, fields..
#117525476 - aerial view sunrise over ocean. seascape colorful sunrise over..
#117525444 - aerial view agricultural farmland with sown green,corn, tobacco..
#117525438 - mountain landscape high cliffs mountains covered with green tropical..
#117525437 - aerial view forest fire smoke on the slopes hills. fire in mountain..
#117525428 - freight train with cisterns and containers on railway station..
#117525396 -

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.876026
Retrieved Text: Green sea turtle with launch pad in the background.
The refuge traces its beginnings to the development of the nation’s Space Program. In 1962, NASA acquired 140,000 acres of land, water, and marshes adjacent to Cape Canaveral to establish the John F. Kennedy Space Center. NASA built a launch complex and other space-related facilities, but development of most of the area was not necessary. In1963 the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service signed an agreement to establish the refuge and in 1975 a second agreement established Canaveral National Seashore. Today, the Department of Interior manages most of the unused portions of the Kennedy Space Center as a National Wildlife Refuge and National Seashore.
Merritt Island NWR has one of three strong hold populations of the threatened Florida scrub-jay.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.807945
Retrieved Text: Just north of San Francisco, Bodega Bay cuts a crescent moon shoreline into a California coast. Toward a finish of summer in 2014, a H2O heat of a brook skyrocketed. In one of a many heated sea heatwaves on record, comfortable H2O persisted for scarcely 7 months. Now researchers say that a sea heatwaves that roasted Northern California’s seashore for dual years also changed a record volume of sea life north. And these sea animal relocations foresee what California’s seashore competence demeanour like in a future, a researchers say.
Between 2014 and 2016, some 14 sea heatwaves strike a California seashore between Bodega Bay and Point Arena, a beak of land reduction than 100 miles north. During a heatwaves, sea aspect temperatures ballooned by between 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit and 7 degrees F warmer than usual. The heatwaves lasted for anywhere from 5 to scarcely 200 days during a stretch. A clever El Niño eventuality in 2015 made the warming conditions even worse. And given past El Niño events have been famous to pierce sea life around, Sanford and his group wondered if a heatwaves were also pulling sea life north.
The researchers visited beaches, state parks, and sea pot adult and down a seashore for scarcely 3 years recording and collecting sea-life that cleared adult on seaside and along a hilly intertidal zones.
The endless consult suggested crabs, snails, algae, and barnacles had shifted northward. Some class — like the red sea cucumber — changed a few miles north. But others done bigger moves. The common bottlenose dolphin was

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.678238
Retrieved Text: This trip is designed for beginner/intermediate surfers and paddleboarders to practice, have fun, and camp on the beach! We will teach you all the basics of getting out on the waves and move to various spots along the seashore, depending on conditions.
Padre Island National Seashore, the longest undeveloped barrier island in the world, stretches for 110 miles along the Texas Gulf Coast. The national seashore occupies over 80 miles of uninhabited island paradise, a place where white sand beaches are caressed by the warm and gentle waters of the Gulf of Mexico. The park protects 70 miles of coastline, dunes, prairies, and wind tidal flats teeming with life. It is a safe maritime nesting ground for the Kemp’s Ridley sea turtle and a haven for 380 bird species. Padre Island National Seashore also has a rich history, including the Spanish shipwrecks of 1554.
Trip Dates: April 26-28. Register by Monday, April 22.
Date and time: Wednesday, April 24 at 6:30pm.
Cancellation Date: Friday, April 19 by 5:00pm. No refunds will be given after this date.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.45762
Retrieved Text: On the shore of the Atlantic Ocean, County Kerry’s Seashore bed and breakfast is only a five-minute drive from Ballybunion’s famous golf course and 20 minute’s drive from Tarbert car ferry.
Nestled under the hill of Cnoc an Oir, it boasts rugged landscape and sea views. A walker’s paradise, it overlooks the legendary cliff paths where miles of seashore connect the Virgin Rock with the Bromore Cliffs. Seashore is an ideal spot for holiday makers to explore the surrounding countryside and renowned attractions of Kerry. Hosts Michael and Ann Kissane arrange bike hire, dinner reservations and anything their guests require.
All our rooms are ensuite and provide the best of facilities at competitive rates.
You can book Seashore Bed and Breakfast accommodation through our secure online booking facility on this website by using the ‘Book Online Now’ facility. You will receive instant e-mail confirmation for your B&B booking. Or you are welcome to contact the B&B directly using the contact details above or the enquiry form on our Contact Us webpage.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.207325
Retrieved Text: Maral Hotel is located at the heart of the green nature of north in forest part of alborz mountain at an area about 3800 M2 .This beautiful complex with 6 suites and 24 rooms welcomes the respectful guests. presenting luxury reception & comfort possibilities & services.Maral Hotel also has other comfort possibilities as central video, laundry, barber shop, special parking and taxi, toiletries stores, dress shop, which tries to offer nore comfort to guests.restaurant & reception saloon with the capacity of 1000 persons is located at the ground floor.this double potential saloon with a nice stage possessing perfect audio & video possibilties persents a wonderful auditorium.this attractive saloon is suitable for wedding ceremonies & celebrations with separate stage for the bride & groom,flash lamps & dancing.with perfect audio system alongside with complete reception & expert stewards & cooks with great menus & live music welcome your guest for the wedding ceremoid.
Azin international hotel place in the Golestan province and beautiful small province Gorgan and in the road of Tehran-Gorgan also direction of city entrance. This hotel over looking to the beautiful Torkaman plain from north and mountain and Golestan wooden land from south and beautiful Torkaman plain & Tehran-Gorgan road from west and Gorgan city from east. All rooms in this hotel make in 3 floors and with different facilities & styles are as bellow specification. Azin hotel established with 4000m ground and 5000 sqm basis in 6 and half floor. ground floor with 750 sqm area involve 350 sqm Lobby.
Nahar khoran is a region in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.10514
Retrieved Text: Daddy Longlegs, 1890s. Two children looking up at the Pioneer car of the Rottingdean Seashore Railway, popularly known as the Daddy Longlegs. Built by Magnus Volk.
This photographic print shows two children looking up at the Pioneer car of the Brighton and Rottingdean Seashore Electric Railway. The two children are standing on the beach, each holding a toy spade. The car is full of passengers and appears to be heading towards the Banjo groyne on its return from Rottingdean. The Brighton and Rottingdean Seashore Electric Railway was built by local inventor Magnus Volk in the 1890s. It ran from 1896 until it was terminally damaged by a storm in 1900. The railway was more commonly known as the 'Daddy Longlegs'.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.093815
Retrieved Text: Standing high above the sea, a balcony looking down on the Adriatic, proud of its beaches, its bays, its rocks and coves, lies right at the heart of the Conero Park.
The old town centre, scrupulously restored, seems to relive the atmosphere of bygone times.
The little piazza, an elegant fashionable location, is the meeting point for taking the aperitif in the evening with a panoramic view of the sea, before savouring the tasty dishes produced by Sirolo’s chefs or attending an accurate performance at the Teatro Cortesi.
Thanks to steep rocky cliffs of the mount diving into the sea, It's a singular "break" in an otherwise flat, sandy landscape of Adriatico.
It is an attraction for the modern naturalistic tourists with its flora and fauna, with its scenic point of view, with changing landscapes of its seashore reached by boats or along small paths descending steeply from the top of Monte Conero.
There are unforgettable images, along the coast of "le due sorelle", which took its name from two huge twin rocks rising from the transparent water with its splendid and solitary beach, its almost turquoise water.
It’s possible to reach this lovely beach only through a difficult path called with the same name and descending the natural reserve of the “Parco”.
Portonovo seashore is surely one of the most outstanding spots: throught easy paths dipped in the intense green of the Mediterranean marquis, stupendous views of white and inviting beaches abruptly interrupted by steep rocky cliffs diving into the sea.
For those a little bit more dynamic the Riviera offers many different

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.057056
Retrieved Text: Check back often for updated speaker details.
Tuesday evenings 6pm-8pm. Locations will alternate between Sausalito and Nicasio. Carpooling encouraged.
In this first workshop of MCL’s four-part series, historians John Hart, Paul Sadin, and Laura Watt will share what they’ve learned from combing through congressional records, reviewing historical documents, and interviewing leaders and participants in the Seashore’s formation. The evening will include presentations, discussion, and Q&A. This is a unique opportunity to learn about significant periods in history when conceptualizing, defining, and managing the Seashore, including its areas of ranching and agriculture, evolved.
The ABC’s of ranching and market influences on the economic viability of a ranch on the Seashore.
The Point Reyes Peninsula is a treasured geography, uniquely positioned on the margin between land and sea. Protecting the resulting environments and uses is integral to the Seashore's mission and ranching operations. Learn about the preciousness of this landscape, how the Seashore coordinates and delivers multiple mandates to protect it, and the role of on-ranch conservation that contributes to achieving that protections.
The next generations of ranchers discuss their hopes and plans for the future of ranching in Marin and the Point Reyes National Seashore.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.99598
Retrieved Text: PADRE ISLAND NATIONAL SEASHORE. Padre Island National Seashore, the longest seashore in the National Parks System, encompasses a portion of the largest barrier beach in the United States. It was dedicated on April 8, 1968, by Mrs. Lyndon B. Johnson before a crowd of nearly 10,000. Attending were state and national officials, eighty American and foreign journalists, and leaders of various civic, garden, and environmental groups. The national seashore includes a 67.5-mile-long portion of the barrier island, which is 130 miles long, and some of the island's backwaters the Laguna Madre. The seashore comprises 130,355 acres in Kleberg, Willacy, and Kenedy counties, bounded by Mustang Island on the north and the Port Mansfield Channel on the south.
Efforts to establish a state park on Padre Island began in 1936 when D. E. Colp, State Parks Board chairman, proposed a park halfway between Port Isabel and Corpus Christi. In 1936 the movement was revived when an eighty-mile state park was suggested. A year later Rep. W. E. Pope of Corpus Christi introduced a bill in the Texas legislature for a park. After the bill passed both state chambers, Governor James Allred vetoed the measure, believing that the state already held some legal title to the island. State courts subsequently upheld private ownership. As a result of this court ruling, the first thorough land survey of the island-Boyle's survey-was undertaken in 1941. Investment, real estate speculation, and commercial development on the island escalated during the 1940s and 1950s. In 1955 the United States Park Service issued a publication, The

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.985653
Retrieved Text: Rabindranath Tagore was the only author to combine the terms "Brahmin" and "Renaissance Man" within himself. A Calcutta-born Hindu who achieved astonishing literary successes, honored as the first Asian to win the Nobel Prize for Literature, his serene poetry's major theme is that of man joined with nature.
The poetic works of Tagore thrill to nature, much as did Emerson's "transparent eyeball," and they find divinity in silence, wood, the sea. In "On the Seashore," a beach that should be deserted is overrun with life: "The hildren meet with shouts and dances . . . have their play on the seashore of worlds . . . the sea surges up with laughter and pale gleams the smile of the sea-beach." Not only humanity but also inanimate nature is gamboling here; the communion between child and ocean is complete.
Tagore created remarkable cycles of poetry as well. In his "Lover's Gifts" series, he creates poem after poem in which the loved one is compared to time, the sea, the wind, the cosmos and the mind of eternity. The climactic poem of the cycle, XLIV, remarks that, on beholding the beloved, "the sea is beating its drums in joy, the flowers are a-tiptoe to kiss you." Few poets fuse sensual desire into natural elements so boldly.
Even Tagore's fragmented poems, called "Stray Birds," depict a speaker obsessed with connecting to nature. "What language is thine, O Sea?" he asks at one point; going further inward, he adds "the rustle of leaves . . . have their whisper in the joy of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.974163
Retrieved Text: Chincoteague Hunting & Fishing Center hosts guided waterfowl hunting tours across Virginia’s Eastern Shore. Home to the largest, most diverse waterfowl habitats in the U.S, our expert guides will take you through an afternoon of open waters, creeks and marshlands to track and hunt dozens of species.
Chincoteague Hunting & Fishing Cntr. has been rated as one of the top one hundred greatest waterfowl outfitters in North America.
"...Capt. Pete Wallace has set up a waterfowling outfitting service that will gladden the heart of any hunter".
We utilize approximately 100 blinds to canvass a wide array of attractive roosting areas for Virginia’s waterfowl. Our guides lead you across ponds, coastlines, bays and sounds, using decoys to lure in ducks and geese. This will help you set up each spot and retrieve your birds. We often move a few times throughout the hunt depending on weather conditions, tides and the type of waterfowl you are hunting. It is possible to hunt Puddle ducks, Divers, Sea Ducks, Brant and Geese all in the same day.
All of our guides are licensed Coast Guard Captains and our vessels are Coast Guard inspected to ensure safe, effective hunting at every trip. Owner and Captain, Pete Wallace, puts his 30 years of experience in waterfowl hunting to work with strategic locations and techniques to lure in a wide variety of sport.
This business is one of a number of private businesses authorized within Assateague Island National Seashore by written agreement with the National Park Service to provide appropriate recreational services to seashore visitors. Assateague Island National

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.86628
Retrieved Text: Inspired by the breathtaking scenery of the Wild Pacific Trail: a place where ocean meets forest and whales blow and sing above the stormy weather. Orcas perfume is an innovative all-natural marine woody, a unique combination of scents from sea and seashore. Brisk and pungent citrus and herbaceous notes suggest ocean breeze and tea-like clarity, and an array of oceanic treasures such as seaweed and ambergris meet seashore and rainforest notes.
Notes include ambergris, angelica, blue spruce, clary sage, cypress, geranium, boronia, ginger, lime, rosemary, seaweed, vetiver, violet leaf and cedar.
This sounds lovely. Not sure if it would really be “me,” but lovely just the same.
Ditto! And like the idea of a seaweed based aquatic.
It does sound good. I just wish it didn’t remind me of Dino de Laurentis’ movie.
Ohhh, don’t watch it. It’s just a bad movie. Bad, bad, bad. Not even so bad it’s good. I think Richard Harris is in it, which is bizarre, but I guess he needed the money. Cheesy as the movie is, it gave me nightmares as a kid and set me firmly on my animal-lover path.
I don’t know…might be worth looking over her blog; I know she has written about the development.
Sigh! Now I’m really going to have to try this! Time to send the cats out for part-time jobs!
Interesting color choice for an aquatic. Are aquatic scents usually clear or light blue?
I suppose, but this is a natural scent…so guessing that’s the natural color of the materials.
Sounds really interesting. I would like to try it.
Definitely brings back memories

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.83159
Retrieved Text: Pangkor Island — “the hidden jewel of Perak” — holds a very rich and diverse ecosystem of invertebrate life, both at its shores as well as on its land. The producers of this book aimed to capture at least 50 quality photographs of different invertebrates, working from early morning until late into the night so as to cover both diurnal as well as nocturnal species, including several rare and exotic species of spiders. A two-week expedition in February of 2015 divided work zones into the seashore area, the scrub area, the forest edge, and the primary forest. The seashore sampling areas we selected were in Teluk Belanga, Teluk Nipah, and Teluk Ketapang; whilst the rest of the sampling sites were situated inside the Sungai Pinang Permanent Forest Reserve and the surrounding areas.
For the record, photographing wildlife in its habitat is extremely challenging, unpredictable, and exhausting; this is even more so when the shots are meant for a high quality hardcover book such as this!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.78628
Retrieved Text: Take a walk along the Irish seashore, along the beaches, around the rocky outcrops and you’ll encounter rock pools full of barnacle-encrusted rocks, myriad seaweeds and so much fascinating sea life. And if want to gain greater insight and understanding into the weird and wonderful inhabitants of our coast you’ll need a good guide and we’re certain ‘Ireland‘s Seashore Guide’ is the book for you!
The authors Lucy Taylor and Emma Nickelsen both grew up along the Irish coast and met while studying marine biology at UCC. Through field trips and outings they discovered their shared passion for the Irish seashore and it ultimately led to this carefully compiled and beautifully photographed guide to everything you need to know about the Irish seashore.
The guide is packed with all the fascinating species that you meet while visiting the beach including seaweeds, crabs, jellyfish, snails, mussels, worms and so much more. Each entry is clearly written with interesting information and bite size facts about each species and where you’d find them and it includes a clear and identifiable photo. A nice touch is that they’ve included not only the latin but also the Irish name for each species.
Other interesting bits of information are included such as if the species is endangered or if it’s safe to eat! There’s also sections dedicated to the different types of coastal habitats, about caring for our coast and about the threats and dangers facing our coastlines.
Easy to use, very informative and the ideal size to fit in your pocket, this guide is perfect

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.73908
Retrieved Text: Exhibits on life in Portsmouth Village can be found in several historic buildings including the Theodore & Annie Salter House and Visitor Center (shown here).
What was once a bustling sea village now stands as a testament to times gone by. Exhibits on "lightering", community life, and survival in this village can be seen in the Theodore and Annie Salter House and Visitor Center, the School, the Post Office and General Store, and the U.S. Life-Saving Station.
These buildings, as well as the Methodist Church and the Henry Piggot House, are open to the public seasonally.
Other structures are occupied by National Park Service personnel or holders of NPS leases. Please respect their privacy.
Guided walking tours of Portsmouth Village are offered seasonally. More information can be found on the Ranger Programs page.
If you prefer to wander the village on your own, download the audio tour of Portsmouth and explore the history of this former port town.
Portsmouth Village is only accessible by boat. A list of the authorized ferry services can be found on the Ferry page.
Public facilities are limited. Restrooms can be found in the Theodore and Annie Salter House. There are compost toilets on the road past the Life Saving Station.
The buildings are not wheel chair accessible. Village trails can be difficult to walk due to standing water and sandy soils.
Be sure to bring insect repellent, drinking water, food, sunscreen, adequate clothing, a hat, and good walking shoes. Be prepared for the notorious mosquitoes and unpredictable weather.
Portsmouth Village is a protected historic and archeological site.
Camping is allowed on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.51811
Retrieved Text: The Great Beach of Point Reyes National Seashore. View from the headlands.
When I think “Big,” I think of The Great Beach at Point Reyes National Seashore. It’s a biggie, alright! This grand strand goes on for as far as the eye can see, with 11 miles of undeveloped Pacific Ocean shoreline to explore. The amazing, larger than life sandy coastline is located in Marin County, about 30 miles north of San Francisco, California. Also known as Point Reyes Beach, The Great Beach includes sections called South Beach (closest to the headlands) and North Beach. Beautiful!
This entry was posted on October 15, 2012 at 6:43 AM	and is filed under Monday Miscellaneous, Sand and Shoreline. Tagged: beach, Marin County California beach, North Beach Point Reyes National Seashore, postaday, South Beach Point Reyes National Seashore, The Great Beach Point Reyes National Seashore, Weekly Photo Challenge. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Beautiful shot from that angle… love that area.
Yes, it’s one of our favorite places, too. Thank you!
Thank you. I think it’s one of those places where you just can’t get a bad photo!
Love Point Reyes. when my husband and I were young and poor we lived in Berkeley California and took many hikes there, the terrain is so diverse thanks for the memory.
The only place I have seen beaches do that is India, but I haven’t been to Australia….. yet!
Thank you, Barbara! The Point Reyes peninsula is awe-inspiring! Standing in that

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: We see a bottle of face wash. we... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: see a newspaper story.

Ending 2: see four cookies in a pan.

Ending 3: see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face.

Ending 4: see a tool on a table.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.89748
Retrieved Text: Makeup is our passion, makeup is our love-nest, but most of all the most important accessory for makeup is the BRUSHES.
How many of you wash your brushes? Have you ever wondered what is inside your brush every single time you use it on your face?
Well let's face it, some of us are clean freaks and know about brush cleansers and shampoo and that we need to wash them every know and again but others, well they would be using the same brush for multiple things on their face not knowing that the transfer from the brush onto their face is not just the product but bacteria in the bristles in the brush.
If you would go right now and wash one of your makeup brushes, add a bit of shampoo and drain it, see how much product comes out of your brush. Yes THAT MUCH!
I wash my brushes once a month believe me they need it! I am always amazed at how much product comes out of a blush or powder brush.
Keep in mind that you can purchase a brush cleanser to clean your brushes after your daily use, you only need to wash them every month or so to get them all nice and sparkly all over again.
You can purchase these products from various stores.
THE MAKEUP STORE MALTA have a brush cleanser too if i am not mistaken too.
M.A.C. sell their lovely brush cleanser, i am now on my 2nd bottle!
E.L.F. Cosmetics have a lovely Shampoo, i just finished my bottle!
Here below are steps to follow

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.340754
Retrieved Text: Charcoal face wash is a big thing at the moment. Actually, pretty much anything with charcoal in it is a big thing at the moment in the grooming-beauty industry. Charcoal is abundantly available and it has shown excellent properties when it comes to sucking out dirt of tight spots – like skin pores for example. So here we are, trying out the latest charcoal cleaner from “Dans un Jardin”, the TOTAL DETOX!
Thank you to Dominik at “Dans un Jardin” for sending me a bottle for this review. Your trust and support is most appreciated.
First things first, “Dans un Jardin” is a Canadian company located in Boucherville which is north of Montreal (Quebec). Their biggest product offering is in the perfume/fragrance space. I was first introduced to their perfumes when Mrs. Style4men and I picked up a bottle of Mirabella for her. The scent of this perfume was complete happiness and joy. It made us think of cherry-strawberry Candy. The Mirabella was a total find. Mrs. Style4men is up to her second bottle of the stuff.
This led me to explore their product line further and revealed that they made stuff for guys too. I tried out their very nice shaving solutions. Read that review here.
So we here we are with this cool rectangular bottle. Pumping this stuff out of the bottle you will be face to face with a black viscus gel like liquid. It is worthy of a 1980’s horror movie and it’s awesome!
The product has a distinctive minty scent going on, which I am expecting

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.294514
Retrieved Text: Today I am going to review Skin Salad Charcoal Face Cleanser for you all. Charcoal, as we all know has a lot of benefits for our skin. This body wash is a blend of activated charcoal and tea tree oil. The combination looks very powerful and good for the skin. If you are interested in knowing how this product worked for me, then please keep on reading this post till the end.
This face wash comes in a plastic, see-through bottle with a black pump. The pump packaging is very hygienic and convenient. The ingredients list is also mentioned on the bottle. The packaging is sturdy, mess proof and basic.
Starting off with the smell of this product, I quite like it. It has a minty touch to it which refreshes me without bothering my sensitive nose. The Skin Salad Charcoal Face Cleanser foams pretty well when incorporated with water. Just a pea-sized product is enough per usage.
It doesn’t disturb the natural oil balance of the skin at all. It makes it look soft, hydrated and nourished instead. This face wash gives a cooling sensation to the face and reduces inflammation. Because of tea tree oil in it, it treats and prevents acne issues.
It removes oil, dirt, and grime from the skin very effectively. It also prevents excess oil production. This face wash works very effectively in making the skin look more even toned. Charcoal definitely helps in deep cleansing and brightening. Furthermore, I have noticed that my skin looks much cleaner and brighter after using it regularly.
The

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.212841
Retrieved Text: If you are searching for the best face wash for men you came to the right place. Below we review our top 6 choices for best face washes.
Why should you use a face wash over a bar of soap? Normal soap drys out your skin and can actually leave it more prone to irritation and outbreaks. A facial cleanser is designed to remove dirt, oil, dead skin cells, and other grime from your skin without any harmful effects.
Different products will work differently on different skin types, so you might need to try several face washes until you find one that works best for you. Whether you have normal, dry, sensitive, oily, or combination skin there are cleansers that will work for that type and many that can work on multiple conditions in one.
With certain types of skin you might also need to use other products in conjunction with a face wash. For example if you suffer from dry skin, you might want to add a moisturizer or lotion to your grooming regiment.
We chose the Christina Moss Naturals Organic Facial Wash as the best face wash for men. With a price of $22 for a 4 oz bottle, it is very expensive. This gentle, creamy organic face wash works amazing on any skin type, but it is especially great for guys with sensitive skin. It is designed to reduce oil build up, remove dead skin cells, and moisturize and heal damaged skin.
The biggest positive of the Christina Moss Naturals Organic Facial Wash is that it contains zero

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.211918
Retrieved Text: *A great herbal treatment for sufferers of Psoriasis on the hands nails & face. With a formula which works quickly to clear and heal the affected area’s on the hands nails and face without having to use ointments.
Use the Herbal-derm hand & face wash twice daily as you would use a regular liquid soap and see the results of this effective treatment after just one week!
This hand & face wash comes in a 150ml bottle with an easy pump dispenser for ease of use.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.995173
Retrieved Text: Shipment Frequency in Days View why you want to cancel. Sign up to get notified when it becomes available. You can earn points in. Formulated without soap and with All Shades Hide Shades. Your rewards credit will be. LimitedAvailability We will notify you.
It's also hypoallergenic, deeply nourishing and ultra-gentle, so that you can use it to care for naturally healthier, smoother skin. Just email them your unique Wash is dermatologist developed, ultra-mild, you want to cancel this. This item is out of. LimitedAvailability We will notify you when it becomes available. Sign up to get notified when the product will be. It gently deep-cleans pores without important nutrients, it dually cleanses.
Just email them your unique gently deep-cleans pores without causing this subscription.
How do I earn points.
Your rewards credit will be.
Please provide us the reason when the product will be.
It gently deep-cleans pores without referral code which they can use at checkout as a.
This item is out of. It gently deep-cleans pores without causing dryness or irritation as.
Sign up to get notified causing dryness or irritation as. LimitedAvailability We will notify you important nutrients, it dually cleanses on sale. Valid for 60 days after.
Just email them your unique Wash is dermatologist developed, ultra-mild, and moisturizes your skin. It's also hypoallergenic, deeply nourishing and ultra-gentle, so that you can use it to care for your face and body. Please provide us the reason your order ships. Formulated without soap and with why you want to cancel. Sign up to get notified when the product will be. This item

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.575241
Retrieved Text: She also included a Rise & Shine! Body Scrub ($12), it has become a favorite of mine for sure. I LOVE coffee. I love the smell of coffee. I’m just a 1-2 cup/day drinker, but I love it. This scrub has coffee grinds in it & oh my goodness, it’s such a full sensory experience. I rarely bathe in the morning, usually evening, and this has helped give me a pick-me-up on more than once occasion, my second wind to keep me up those extra couple hours I need after getting the kids to bed (on occasion, often I crash with them). Here’s what Britney says about it: “There is a coffee shop in Sequim called Rainshadow Coffee and they sell the most amazing smelling fair trade and organic coffee beans. I used these ground beans to make the Rise and Shine! Body Scrub. It smells wonderful and it feels so good on your skin, especially after the shower. No need to moisturize after the bath or shower.” And she’s right, this product exfoliates, but also hydrates so, so well. You do not need any moisturizer after you get out of your bath or shower. It comes in a 4 oz glass jar. Full List of Ingredients: Fair Trade Demerara, Organic and Fair Trade Coffee, Organic Grape Seed Oil, Organic Cocoa Powder, Fair Trade, Organic Cocoa Butter, Organic Castor Seed Oil, NonGMO Sunflower Seed Vitamin E Oil.
I will update this review when I’ve had a chance to use the rest of the products she sent, which

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.307426
Retrieved Text: Skin and hair care routine is a very important part of our everyday life. As per your skin type and skin issues, you should treat your problems with ultimate seriousness. Many times we can see regular negligence makes the small problems bigger and more complex. I personally grew up with many types of skin and hair issues and lack of knowledge made those problems much bigger. when you have oily skin tone and oily scalp, you have to take care of your skin more seriously. I had severe acne and pimple issues earlier and I had sticky dandruff too. I personally prefer natural products for my skin and hair, I always buy products which are paraben and sulfate free. My most favorite skin care brands are Khadi and Lotus. Recently I have found the blissful goodness of essential oils on our daily skincare and haircare routine. Especially the antibacterial properties of Tea tree essential oil is spectacular. People who are affected by severe acne problems and dandruff problems, this oil has the ability to solve your every issue in no time. Here I am discussing the processes through which I am adding this miracle oil in our day to day skin care routine.
I have added 4-5 drops of tea tree essential oil in the bottle of my face wash, if you have tube-shaped face wash then after taking the proper amount of face wash on your palm, just add one small drop of tea tree oil. This process will not only cleanse the impurities from your

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.218987
Retrieved Text: This is our specialty facial wash, blended with Big Island Grown Hawaiian Macadamia Nut Oil, virgin coconut oil, infused in our proprietary purifying herbal blend & completed with our cleansing & clearing pure essential oil blend. Safe for all skin types; our gentle facial wash is specially formulated with an infusion of herbs & natural plant oils.
Stored in a GLASS bottle (attractive & infinitely recyclable) * We don't compromise when it comes to our ecosystem!
Directions: This is STEP 1 of our Facial Care Routine . Wet face with luke warm water. Apply 1-2 pumps of facial wash to face & neck, using gentle, circular motions. Rinse with luke warm water & pat dry with a towel. Follow with our IB toner. *Avoid contact with eyes Follow with our ELEVATED Facial Toner & Facial Moisturizer if desired.
For deep cleaning & exfoliating, check out our Hawaiian sugar scrubs!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.103523
Retrieved Text: Aqua, Stabilizer, Rose Oil and rose extracts.
Firms and tones the facial skin and makes your face feel fresh, smooth and hydrated.
Works as a natural cleanser by cleansing away the dirt unveiling a fresh glowing skin.
Processes natural antibacterial and antiseptic properties which helps in treating acne and skin infections.
Can also be used as an addition to facial creams and face packs.
It comes in a lovely Rose colour pack. We have to pierce a hole on the bottle tip.
I am using this Rose water several times a day. After took bath I use this Rose water to tone up my face using cotton. I will keep it in fridge always. Then, whenever i wash my face i will use this after wash. When I finish Cook my face will become Oil factory. So, I will just wash my face and apply Rose water, My face will become so fresh. It soothes My sun burns when I came back from Sunny mid day. It has very mild rose fragrance make me feel divine, yeah. This Rose water helps me in refreshing my eyes. But, It has no part in acne controls.
Totally I am fully surrendered to Banjara's Rose water. I bought this because of this simple ingredient list. This never cause any skin irritation on me.
This comes cute rose colour sturdy pack.
This Rose water has divine mild smell.
Clear solution easy to spread on face by cotten.
It never breaks me and never irritates my skin.
Easy to use in multiple task.
Never makes my face Oily.
Not Travel friendly as it may spill

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.827482
Retrieved Text: Today while at a workshop over at the Lifeway Brown Bag Lunch-n-Learn this morning, I learned a great trick to prevent running out of our stockpile items.
One of the biggest challenges I face is getting my family to let me know when we are almost out of an item so I can put it on my shopping list. I won’t say how is the biggest offender. (Hint: There is a clue in the picture above!) I typically get a “we’re out of body wash”, when we are already out. I prefer to know when we have one bottle left, so that leaves me plenty of time to find it on sale before we run out.
A huge thanks to Alice for this great tip!
Label the last (or second to last depending on the product) of an item in the stash with a post-it with something like “last bottle of body wash” written on it. When someone takes that from the stash they can leave it for you in a convenient place such as your bathroom mirror, the fridge or the family calendar. Where ever works for you and they will actually put it. Sometimes the post-it needs a little helper tape or rubber band to stay on the product. We’ve been using this system for a long time and it works like a charm. Haven’t had a “we’re out of shampoo” in forever.
Do you have a great tip you’d like to share? Email me any tips you use to save money or stay on track in your

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.80804
Retrieved Text: Clean & Clear - This name has been like a childhood friend. Been there with me since years, going back to my teens. You'll be surprised, but even if I go try some other facewash in between, out of sheer curiosity, I come back to the good ol' Foaming Face Wash by Clean & Clear.
Today, the Clean & Clear range have a variety of face washes and scrubs. But as far as I know, it all started with the Foaming Face Wash.
About the product - CLEAN & CLEAR® FOAMING Face Wash is specially designed for young skin - to remove excess oil, while its special ingredients help prevent pimples. Its liquid formula cleans deep without causing dryness, and is gentle enough to use every day, for clean and clear skin that glows.
I usually write my reviews in Pros & Cons, but to be very honest, there is no Con about this product. I swear.
I have a combination skin with a really oily T-Zone but a normal or sometimes dry cheek region. So the Foaming Face Wash works great for me. Every time I use it, my skin feels fresh, clean and oil-free. I follow it with a oil-free moisturizer.
Unlike other foaming face washes in the market, you literally need like 2-3 drops of the face wash which you lather an apply on your face and cleanse it. Which means, it is a really long lasting product at a very reasonable pricing. The 50ml bottle priced at Rs.55 is totally travel friendly, which you can carry in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.662169
Retrieved Text: Make bath time magical! This unique body wash is made with all natural ingredients and essential oils — so pure that it doubles as a shampoo! Crisp, clean fragrance of lemon verbena, moss and lime in a generous 8 oz. bottle that comes with a cute poem on the back and a little frog inside. This is endlessly fascinating to the little ones — if you look closely at the picture, you can see the frog just behind the wizard's hat.
As much as the little ones love this, I've also known a few adults (usually men) to really enjoy this as well. They love the clean, crisp scent and invigorating bubbles as you scrub.
Let's face it — they probably like the frog too!!! Check out our Wizard's Wand (sold separately) to accompany this wash - makes bathtime magical! Generous 8 ounce bottle with dispensing cap.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.575426
Retrieved Text: Save your face! Using the wrong face wash can be damaging to your skin! Harsh chemicals can dry your skin and cause irritations. That, my friend, can make your skin look older than it is!
But NOT with our face washes! We formulate our face washes to be gentle enough to cleans the daily grim off your skin, without removing your natural oils! This will help your skin feel more hydrated and look younger! BOOM! That's what you want, right?
Start your beauty routine helping your skin stay hydrated and it will improve the penetration of your serum or moisturizer!
Our Earth Face Wash combines gentle cleansers with natural earth elements including White Kaolin clay, French Green clay, organic grapefruit peel, organic Honey and organic lavender to create a unique polishing facial cleanser that helps turn back the hands of time on your looks-to-old-to-be-yours skin.
HAND BLENDED in small batches, these organic cleansing botanicals and organic herbs and clay leave your skin feeling very soft, clean and polished. Gentle enough to be used daily, you’ll see and feel the difference almost instantly, as the anti-aging effects of finely ground herbs and clay begin to stimulate your skin and help return the fresh, healthy glow of youth once again.
Don’t hide behind a rock any longer—restore your face to the youthful look you deserve with our Earth Face Wash. Click the Add to Cart button now!
The face washes are designed to last 120-150 washes. Using the wash twice a day, we suggest a subscription interval of every 8-10 weeks. You can change

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.53444
Retrieved Text: This kit contains 1 bottle of Dr. Perry's NightThyme®, 1 bottle of Dr. Perry's DayThyme®, and 1 bar of Dr. Perry's CleanThyme®.
Dr. Perry’s NightThyme™ - nourishing serum for the skin.
Dr. Perry’s DayThyme™ - your skin protector.
Dr. Perry’s CleanThyme™ - your skin cleaner.
The world's simplest skin care program! This kit is all the average person needs to maintain beautiful skin. You will receive 1 bottle of DayThyme SPF 20 morning skin protector, 1 bottle of NightThyme nourishing serum for the skin, and 1 bar of CleanThyme cleansing bar. Under normal usage, these products will last about a month. You save $15 by purchasing the kit!
Wash your face with Dr. Perry's CleanThyme® and apply Dr. Perry's DayThyme® in the morning. Wash your face in the evening and apply NightThyme. It's that simple.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.415888
Retrieved Text: New Lux Handwash Tempting Whisper Review – I am really excited to introduce to you all a brand new hand wash from a very reputed brand. Yes, I am talking about New Lux Handwash Tempting Whisper. Lux requires no introduction. It is probably one of the oldest soap brands in India, and during our growing up days, Lux soaps meant something special. Though afterwards, I kind of ditched all soaps and embraced shower gels and body washes, but I can’t deny the amazing fragrance of Lux soaps. So, when I spotted this New Lux Handwash Tempting Whisper, I could not resist myself from trying this out. I have got at least 2-3 hand wash bottles placed at different corners of my house. One in my kitchen, one in washroom, one at the wash basin etc.
Talking about the formula, New Lux Handwash Tempting Whisper, claims to be a finely fragrant hand wash with gorgeous notes of wild peony and ylang ylang. The top note consists of red plum, blackberry, yuberose, while the heart note is the combination of white peony, tonka bean, ylang ylang, coconut cream, lily of the valley, ambery musk. Finally, tonka bean, coconut cream and ambery musk create the base note. It claims to create rich, fragrant lather that not only cleanses the hands, but also softens them and leaves them feeling ultra-feminine. It also claims to treat our senses with exotic aroma and turn our hand washing routine in to something of pure joy. To know more, read my New Lux Handwash Tempting

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.310146
Retrieved Text: Oil of Olay Moisturizing Body Wash — The makers say this product can be used daily, rubbed to a rich lather in a cleansing puff, and its moisturizing properties may mean you can skip an apres-bath lotion session. It comes in an unscented sensitive skin variety and sells for $4.19 for 12 ounces on www.more.com.
Ivory Skin Cleansing Liqui-Gel — This brand claims it will wash away dirt and bacteria, but is gentle enough to be used on the face. A 16-ounce bottle sells for $1.89 on more.com.
Tone Moisturizing Body Wash — Like its bar counterpart, Tone’s body wash boasts moisturizing cocoa butter and sells for about $4.99 for 18 ounces at Stop & Shop.
Kiss My Face Aromatherapeutic is a natural shower gel and foaming bath product. You pour it into a warm bath or massage the gel into muscles and joints in the shower for a mild athletic muscle relaxant. A 16-ounce bottle sells for $6.89 on more.com.
Softsoap Relaxing Body Wash includes “moisture beads” and comes in several varieties that claim to moisturize and provide a calming, pleasant fragrance. A 12-ounce bottle sells for about $3.99 in Stop & Shop.
Suave Moisturizing 2-in-1 Body Wash boasts aloe vera and water lily with Vitamin E, which is said to offer extra moisturizing power. The makers also market it as a shaving lotion. It sells for $1.89 for 12 ounces on more.com.
Herbal Essences Moisturizing Body Wash offers chamomile, water lily and Vitamin E.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.266233
Retrieved Text: Waking up with puffy eyes is not something that we wish to see. At times, we have faced this issue and wondered what to do to treat them. For some people, unfortunately, this happens almost every day.
Puffiness around the eyes is caused when excess fluids get accumulated on the skin. This is caused by some common factors like lack of sleep, stress, ageing, dehydration and even inheritance.
Puffy eyes can also occur due to a medical condition like thyroid, kidney failure, etc. But if it's just a medical condition, then you can easily treat it by using natural remedies.
In this article, we'll be discussing some natural remedies to treat puffiness of the eyes using aloe vera gel. We all know that the soothing and anti-inflammatory properties in aloe vera help in healing any kind of an irritation or inflammation on the skin. Let us see how.
First peel the skin off the cucumber and chop it into small pieces. Blend this to make a paste. In a bowl, add 2 tbsp of this cucumber paste and aloe vera gel. Mix both the ingredients well. Transfer this first into a bottle and then refrigerate it for an hour. After an hour, take some of this and apply it over your eyes. Leave it overnight and then wash it off the next morning.
Mix together vitamin E oil and aloe vera gel. Pour this mixture into a bottle and refrigerate it. Apply this over your eyes and let it stay for a few minutes, so that the skin completely absorbs the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.261328
Retrieved Text: Today’s review is about the Vedantika Herbals Lemongrass face wash that I’ve been using over a month now.
Vedantika Herbals is one of India’s leading herbal cosmetics brand that offers 100% natural and chemical free products. A few weeks back I shared the review of the skin polishing scrub from the same brand, you can read the review here.
Packaging: The face wash comes in a clear plastic bottle with a pump dispenser. The packaging looks very neat, and the bottle is also spill-proof, and you can easily carry it along while travelling. The only drawback of the packaging is its pump, it is very stiff and you need to press is hard to get the product out.
Price & Availability: The cost of the Vedantika Herbals Lemongrass face wash is Rs.199 for 100ml. It can be bought online from Nykaa.com, Amazon.in, and also from their official website vedantikaherbals.com.
My Experience: Lemongrass is the active ingredient of this face wash which is known to have antimicrobial, antifungal and antiseptic therapeutic properties. Lemongrass is very useful in treating acne, refining pores and combating other skin problems. I have acne prone combination skin, and I do have open pores around my inner cheek area. So I was excited when I received this face wash. Continue reading to know whether it worked for my skin or not.
This gel-based face wash comes in a lime yellow colour and has a fresh citrusy scent. I usually take two pumps of it on my palm, rub it for few seconds and massage it nicely on my

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.145082
Retrieved Text: Maintaining proper intimate hygiene is as important as keeping your face and body clean. We all buy various skincare products, soaps, shower gels but how many of us buy an intimate wash instead of just using bar soaps for our sensitive intimate areas. Most soaps dry out the skin and does not maintain a balanced pH so using them for those areas is one of the biggest mistake you are making and I urge everyone to get a separate intimate wash meant for that purpose alone. I have been using Everteen Natural Intimate Wash for more than a year now and this is the only brand I have tried so far. I have finished up two-three bottles and I can’t say how much it makes a difference.
Priced at Rs.180 for 105 ml. It has a shelf life of 24 months.
Everteen Natural Intimate Wash comes in a transparent plastic bottle with a flip top cap. I like the packaging, it is user friendly and travel friendly. The bottle itself comes housed in a cardboard box along with a leaflet that holds necessary details about the product.
The intimate wash is golden yellow in color and has a gel consistency. It has a non-bothering floral scent as that of lily and vanishes once washed away. Even though the formula is said to be soap-free, SLS and SLES free, it lathers really well. So one bottle lasted me really long, for at least three months, as only a pea sized amount was required each time to clean the small area.
I

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.969677
Retrieved Text: 83% Organic. Our unscented, Hand & Body Wash Base is a unique blend of true, natural Liquid Soap (made from Certified Organic Sunflower and Coconut Oils) together with gentle surfactant and skin enhancing ingredients.
Our Hand & Body Wash Base exhibits a creamy lather, has a clear-pale translucent colour and only needs the addition of Essential Oils or Fragrance. You can also add up to 3% of water soluble additives without affecting the preservation system.
Certified by both the Soil Association UK, and Ecocert, this base has been specially formulated to be thickened with salt (sodium chloride), like our Soap Pastes.
Fragrance Notes: Products used on the face often require as little as 0.25% scent, though this is personal, we strongly recommend a small trial- you can add more, you can’t take it away as the saying goes! As with other liquid personal care products, the addition of some fragrances and essential oils will thicken or thin. You may also notice clouding, if this is not what you like, either add Liquid Pearliser or use a natural or opaque, not crystal clear, bottle. We recommend you make a small test sample to trial your chosen scents.
The 500ml size comes in a Stubby Shampoo Bottle with a dispensing cap, larger sizes are packaged in jerry cans or pails.
Note: As of Augusr 2018 the Palm Free Status can no longer be guaranteed, so we have taken the Palm Free status from this product.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.944485
Retrieved Text: The washer bottle is inside the left hand front wing as you face the engine bay. It has a dark blue flip top approx 1 inch (20mm) in diameter, DONT confuse this with the header tank for the coolant which has a screw on top and is slightly larger.
Flip the top on the washer bottle put a funnel in the tank and top up with a 50/50 mix of screen wash and water. If you are sure your container is clean you can remove the filter in the top of the screen wash bottle and it will fill up more quickly.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.797434
Retrieved Text: I bought the Clarins Water Purify One Step Cleanser a couple of months ago. I really love it because it doesn't require water which is great for those evenings when I am just too tired to wash my face. I just need to soak a couple of cotton pads with this and wipe them over my face to remove my make up. I have used cleansers before that don't require water and they leave my skin feeling horrible and like I need to wash it, however this one leaves my skin feeling amazing - I love using it because my skin feels fresh and really clean. On a daily basis I love using this before I cleanse my face. I just remove all of my make up with this and then cleanse my face with water as usual.
I finished my first bottle of this last week and went straight out to buy another one. I also have a travel size bottle of this which is the one in the photo (you can see the full size one in the background). This removes my make up amazingly well and it is something I think I will carry on repurchasing. It also removes eye make up quite well however I tend to wear waterproof mascara which it doesn't remove. The cleanser I have is the one with mint essential water for combination / oily skin. They also do one with peach essential water for normal / dry skin. I would definitely recommend giving this a look and seeing

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.779783
Retrieved Text: If you’re into browsing the aisles of drugstores and groceries just for the heck of it, you’ve probably seen Dr. Bronner’s Magic Pure-Castille Soaps before. They’re hard to miss — the bottle might be standard in shape, but the coloured labels are some of the busiest, most packed-with-text that you’ll ever see. In Manila they are available at Healthy Options (sad edit: Healthy Options no longer carries them! HUHU) and I definitely took a few minutes to just stand there and read a label one day. It was quite interesting.
There is a lot to say about the Magic Soaps (read about Dr. Bronner’s legacy, quality soaps, and ethical sourcing), but what most people know and see on the label is that they are multi-use (18-in-1!) liquid soaps that are highly concentrated and also biodegradable and nature-friendly. They are so highly concentrated that they are only a few percent away from being a solid. That makes them highly economical as one bottle can be divided, diluted with water, and used for different purposes.
1. As a foaming hand wash. I bought some foaming soap pumps from Muji, but I’m sure you can get them at other home stores too. I then took my Peppermint Magic Soap and diluted it with some mineral drinking water (although I think distilled might have been a better choice). I used about 5 parts water and 1 part Magic Soap (a little more than what appears in that plastic cup you see photographed) and it makes for a very effective hand wash. I

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.774523
Retrieved Text: This rare model of a boy holding a peach is distinguished by the size of the head and the adult-like face. Despite the face, his garb is definitely of a type reserved for children, so the exposure of his genitalia would not raise eyebrows in most parts of the world.
The colours are drawn from the famille verte palette, and the overall feeling of the child is somewhat similar to a group of well-known pairs of boys made in large quantities during the Kangxi period, mostly, it seems, for export to Europe. If such figures were the inspiration for this bottle, it is a good rationale for the use of the traditional palette. The use of a very thin wash of aubergine to depict the shaven head is both unusual and remarkably effective. The enamel is so diluted that the individual grains of finely ground glass can be seen in a wash of palest purple, making for an ideal depiction of stubbly hair.
The fact that the interior is unglazed may be an indication that it is from the earlier end of the dating range we suggest. Whenever it was made, it is a striking model dramatized by the restrained use of a limited palette of bold colours.
A similar bottle was offered at auction in the U.S. in 1921 (Glickman 2006, p. 10, fig. 1.19); other related bottles are in Hall 1996, no. 3, JICSBS, Winter 1985, p. 25, and JICSBS, Autumn 1998, p. 1, although none is from the same mould.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.770266
Retrieved Text: New Products — Just Heavenly!
Our Natural Deodorant is super popular, and we have fun adding new fragrance options! Sandalwood is a soft, warm, smooth, creamy, and milky precious-wood scent.
Ingredients: Shea Butter, Coconut Oil, Arrowroot Powder, Baking Soda, & Fragrance oil.
Our Bentonite Clay face mask and our Kaolin Clay Face Mask help minimize breakouts, absorb excess oil that lead to acne, and absorb impurities found on your face. Our Bentonite option is for oily skin.
Already enormously popular, these bars are THE BEST way to have healthy, shiny hair!
Thick, rich, and luxurious lather.
Another new product that is hugely popular is our Wash 'N Wear Facial Oil Cleanser. This 4 ounce bottle is jam-packed full of natural ingredients that benefit your skin.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.749908
Retrieved Text: Imparts soothing and refreshing effect on the skin with natural cleansers like lemon and conditioners like honey and rose water.
Wet skin and massage Khadi herbal face wash well into the skin. Rinse clean.
I bought this face wash because I have to wash my face 4-5 times a day with the going tuitions, college classes, my walk sessions and little shopping sessions thus going from home and to different places.
I didnâ€™t want to use the face wash recommended by my dermatologist for more than 3 times maximum a day and so I bought this herbal face wash. The packaging of this face wash is simple and nice. It comes in a transparent bottle with a flip flop cap (Biotique manufacturers reading this, eh?).
Have You tried Khadi Herbal Face Wash With Honey ?
Good morning Dimpal ..How u doing?
Khadi products are quite a hit and a miss Pari.
how are the Khadi facepacks??has any1 used any of them??
Thnx ana, heena…actually i hav ordered khadi sandal wood pack….wil be getting it in a day or two…..lets c how it works…..
All the Khadi products are herbal. To feel like natural, Khadi products look very simple, although they are nicely packaged. You have done the short yet nice review of Khadi herbal face wash.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.738218
Retrieved Text: Foamer bottle for facial cleansers - new style!
I was unable to purchase the same bottles, so I'm now offering a new style. They work the same way, so don't worry!
For those of you who prefer your cleanser to be foamy!
How to use foamer bottle: Pour contents of 4 oz. cleanser into foamer bottle, then add 4 oz. water (distilled water is best). Stir gently, then place pump on bottle & tighten, or alternatively, place pump on bottle, tighten, then gently tip the bottle back & forth to mix the water & cleanser.
How to use cleanser: Remove eye makeup & dampen face with water. Apply 3-5 pumps of cleanser to dampened palms (or whatever you use to wash your face) & rub together gently. Cleanser will foam just a little. Apply to face - wash as usual, rinse, repeat if desired. Cleanser will foam more the second time.
Ingredients: water, Plantapon, calendula, German chamomile, lavender, hibiscus, & linden flower infusions, xanthan gum, lavender, geranium, & tangerine essential oils, propylene glycol, diazolidinyl urea, & iodopropynyl butylcarbamate.
The Pure & Pretty Gentle Cleanser is appropriate for any skintype, including sensitive skin. If you have oily, acne-prone skin & want to use something specifically for that, you could try the Pure & Pretty Clarifying Cleanser. Both cleansers are mild, so you may be able to use either one without any problems. The pH of both cleansers is between 5-6, so you can apply your BHA product right after cleansing.
If you notice any itching or irritation, stop using the product immediately. It’s always

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.723713
Retrieved Text: Crunchy Mamas Witchy Woman is THE BEST makeup remover and facial cleanser. Formulated with only 3 organic ingredients that will bring out the best in your skin. Less really is more!
Feel fresh and clean every time you use Witchy Woman!
This product proudly contains: organic macadamia nut oil, organic witch hazel, water.
I LOVE this stuff! I'm horrible at washing off my makeup at night and this stuff is so easy to use and helps me take better care of my face!
We LOVE this at our house (I always order a bottle as I open a bottle)--I love it to take off my make up but also have used it to wash my face on non-make up days. It works super for Halloween/play make up on daughters (or sons I imagine) and on husband's faces after long days of work to freshen up! I love that it doesn't burn (so many make up removers do) and I'm not afraid to take my eye make up off with it.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.680618
Retrieved Text: Me fan of herbal products have got new Face Cleanser from Omved. As name suggests brand Omved follows a simple mantra 100% natural. Brand's products heritage go back over 5,000 years to our ancient vedic civilization of India.
About the Product - Omved brand offers wide range of skin care, hair care products for both men and women. I got Omved Moisturising Face Cleanser for myself. I have been using this face wash from last one week.
Packaging - Omved Face Cleanser comes in a food grade safe aluminium which has attractive cap and a nice pump attached to it. This kind of packaging keeps the formulation safe from sunlight and toxic leaching from plastic. Omved don't use plastic for packaging. The packaging is very unique which will make it stand out. Bottle does resemble to any medicinal syrup bottle but when you see shining silver & white color pump attached you will change your opinion. The pump is protected with transparent plastic long cap. Best thing is that if you keep it on your washbasin you don't have to worry that it will fell down, as normally tube face wash fell down easily as quantity reduces.
Usage - Wet your face, apply it gently in upward circular motion, rinse well and moisturize.
Claims of brand - Omved cleanser has natural plant botanicals which deeply cleanses the skin without drying. Lavender in it soothes and nourishes. Clary sage freshens and tones skin.
My Experience With the Product - By its usage it seems like a face wash. Its different from face

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: We see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face. They rinse the face and add the face wash with a brush. we... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: see a closing title screen.

Ending 2: see a black screen with the credits.

Ending 3: see an illustration on how to add the wash using a brush.

Ending 4: then see a replay then the person putting the face wash on.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 46.799393
Retrieved Text: When skin is fresh and clean, it looks attractive. But when the skin is full of discomforts associated with sensitiveness, it looks ugly. This problem is mostly faced by the people with sensitive skin during summer. People with sensitive skin face a lot of troubles in managing this issue. Similarly, the makeup which they apply on their skin also irritates them. It is not easy to deal with these kinds of problems. Hence, the people with sensitive skin need to take an extra care of their skin during summers. The hot temperature of the summer season can worsen the problem of excessive redness on their skin. The formation of sweat, dirt, and oil on the skin leads to the appearance of pimples and acne on the skin. The lotions and products which many people prefer to apply would be very expensive. Therefore, it is beneficial in applying the natural skin care tips for the summer season. Today, in this article, we are going to share some amazing homemade face packs for soothing sensitive skin during summer.
Add oatmeal and aloe vera gel in a small container. Spread the resultant mixture gently on your face evenly. Massage your face gently in the clockwise direction for few minutes. Then, massage in anti-clockwise for another few minutes. Later, let the pack sit on your skin for fifteen minutes. After that, rinse off the pack using cold water. You can follow this process weekly once to enjoy the noticeable results.
Firstly, you are required to crush the apple for making this face

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.667816
Retrieved Text: Extremely dry facial skin can be frustrating and painful. If you are also sensitive to a variety of skin care products, then it is difficult to solve the problem. Visiting a salon for a facial treatment can soothe the skin, but it is often expensive and time consuming. Fortunately, there are a wide variety of self-made face masks that can soothe and nourish extremely dry skin. We have put together for you 8 of the best recipes that are easy to make at home.
Honey is an excellent home remedy for dry skin because it nourishes the skin and helps reduce wrinkles. However, you should avoid using facial masks with honey if you have red capillaries in the face because it could worsen their condition.
Avocado is another excellent remedy for dry facial skin . Avocados contain a variety of minerals and antioxidants that help to nourish the skin.
Mix half an avocado with 1/4 cup of honey until creamy. Wash the face with a mild detergent and apply this mixture directly to the face with your hands. Leave the mask to work for at least 10 to 20 minutes, then rinse with warm water. Apply moisturizer.
For a quick and easy avocado face mask, just puree an avocado and add a few drops of almond oil. Apply this mixture to the face and let it work for as long as possible, then rinse with cold water.
Mix half a cup of natural yoghurt with 1 tbsp of honey. Once these two are combined, crush and add 1/4 of a ripe

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.539387
Retrieved Text: But did you know that almonds could also do wonders to your skin, if applied topically? Yes, that's right! As we know that almonds are packed with vitamin E - they help keep our skin hydrated and further make it soft and supple. moreover, the presence of antioxidants in almonds keeps our skin wrinkle- free, young and glowing. But if you are still not convinced, then why don't you try these almond face masks and see the results yourself.
HERE COMES FEW HANDY SIMPLE FACE ALMOND FACE MASKS TO KEEP YOUR SKIN SUPPLE, GLOWING AND YOUTHFUL THIS WINTER..
Take a bowl and mix both the ingredients in it. Mix it well till you get a thick-paste like consistency. Now wash your face with lukewarm water and apply this mask on your face and neck. Keep this face mask for about 20 minutes. Rinse your face thoroughly with lukewarm water You may apply this mask on your arms and legs too.
mix all the ingredients in a bowl to make a thick pasty - like consistency. you may add a little rose water, if you think your mixture is little dry. Apply the face mask all over your face and keep and keep it for about 15 minutes. Rinse it with normal water.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.01194
Retrieved Text: I remember as a kid that a sweet old lady in our church had the most amazing skin. As I got into my teens, I asked her about it and giggled when she revealed her secret: egg.
Egg? On your face?! At 15 I wasn't as willing to try such a treatment as I am now, but with a little encouragement, I did as she suggested: baked a batch of cookies! Now, this isn't the key to the story but it sure helps because you're not using the whole egg. Once you've used the yolk, the white part that remains in the shell is what you need. Yup, that tiny little bit at the end. Simply rub it on your face and wash it off when it turns hard.
It's not the kind of thing I do every day, by any stretch, but when I'm baking, I always use the leftover egg as a quick, inexpensive face mask.
Mashing up an avocado until it looks like guacamole and then putting it on your face is not only incredibly cheap, but it's good for you and easy to apply. Leave it on for about 15-20 minutes while you relax and then wash off with warm water.
I have a friend who swears by this one, and once you get beyond the thought of adding breakfast to you face, it is a fun recipe that makes your face feel soft. Simply mash up one ripe banana, and then add enough milk to make a paste. Apply to your face for 20 minutes,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.76611
Retrieved Text: You have easy tips to improve your complexion that reduces dark spots on your face. Staying a long time to sun can cause sun tan. Flawless, beautiful skin is smooth and glowing that leads to hoarding of various cosmetic formulations. During summer skin, it gets dull and tanned skin tone that can restore your original skin tone.
You should apply sunscreen 30 minutes before you leave home so that the cream dissolves with the skin. It protects your skin from the damaging effects of sun’s radiation. It also prevents sunburn and delays skin darkening. Apply it generously that are exposed to your face, neck, hands, feet and legs.
Skin darkening can be caused by exposure to sunlight and pollution, skin problems like pimples and acne, menopause or pigmentation. Here, you can see, how to get fair skin quickly.
Exfoliation removes dead cells on your skin that reveals the new skin. It helps in getting rid of a tan quicker. You can cleanse or scrub and exfoliate once a week to get normal skin.
First check out the beauty tips for flawless, beautiful skin. The melanin present in the skin’s cells is responsible for imparting the color to your skin. It can differ from person to person.
Turmeric can lighten the skin tone that can be used as a face pack. Mix turmeric with some rose water or raw milk. Mix them well and apply it over tanned areas of your skin. Leave it for about 15 minutes and then wash it off with cold water. Use a gram flour face pack

########
Rank: 5
Score: 45.2678
Retrieved Text: On the healing properties of honey have heard everything. In addition, it is perfectly cures colds, it is also used in cosmetics, for example, you can make a face mask with honey. Honey is able to return the skin a healthy look, tone and remove fine wrinkles.
I would like to draw your attention to the fact that honeyhighly allergenic foods. Before you decide to make a face mask with honey, make sure that allergy to honey you do not. You can check this very simple, just drop a honey on your wrist and wait for half an hour. If the itching and redness does not appear, do not hesitate to use the honey in the fight for their beauty. Besides honey, cinnamon, camomile and aloe vera is also quite allergenic, be careful when using them.
Not everyone is equally good for the honey masks. It is best to use a special honey, which was filtered and there is no pollen residues and dead insects, they can also cause allergies.
As I said, before applying the mask onher skin is required to be cleaned. After mask wash with soap and water can not be, otherwise you can dry up the skin excessively. But to apply moisturizing and nourishing cream, depending on the needs of the skin, it is imperative.
We now proceed directly to the masks with honey for different types of faces.
We need to take 2 teaspoons of honey, warm up,add the same amount of milk and a tablespoon of cheese. Rub honey with cheese and pour the milk

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.8925
Retrieved Text: Bring back that firmness and elasticity to your skin with these hard to resist DIY facial masks ideas.
Turmeric face mask is the ultimate herb for your beautiful skin. Let's have a look on homemade turmeric face mask and their golden benefits on skin.
Just tried the honey and baking soda exfoliator. Afterward I put on my Olay Regenerist Moisturizer, and my face has never feel so clean, fresh and smooth.
Acne Remedy Facial Mask - All you need is tomato and raw #honey. This #mask is great for #acne prone skin!
You can take the paste of avocado and mix some honey into it. Mix it well and apply on your face. Leave it for 20-30 minutes and then wash your face.
... and acne from your face Honey and raw potato juice Mix Honey and raw potato juice in equal amount. Apply it all over your face. Leave for 30 minutes.
Really raw honey. This is truly God's gift on Earth! I use it as a face mask and to cure my dry skin. Leave on for 30 minutes and then wash off.
Here are 9 home remedies for dry skin on face to help you get smooth and shining skin very fast! These face skin remedies are very effective!
Instructions for use: Apply a thick layer to clean skin after cleansing and leave for 15-30 minutes Wash away with warm water 30ml/ 1fl.oz.
Make papaya paste by mashing ripe papaya. Mix ingredients and apply mask on skin. Leave it on for at least 30 minutes and wash off with cold water.
Combine all

########
Rank: 7
Score: 44.876213
Retrieved Text: Take a fresh raw papaya, grate it nicely and apply it all over your face evenly. Let the fruit work for 10 minutes and then, rinse with plain water. You can also use ripe papaya instead of the raw one. Just mash it or scoop out the pulp and massage your facial skin. After 20 minutes or so, wash the dried pack off.
This face pack is highly beneficial for dry-skinned beauties. Take out a medium-sized slice of a ripe papaya. Reduce it to smooth pulp. Pour 1 tablespoon of raw organic honey into it and blend well. Now, spread the paste all over your skin. You can also massage your face gently with it by using your fingertips. Wash away after 15 to 20 minutes.
Prepare an effective face pack by mixing 2 tablespoons of fresh aloe vera gel with 4 tablespoons of smashed ripe papaya. It should form a smooth paste of medium consistency. Cover your entire face and neck with it and wait for 20 minutes. Then, rinse off.
Gram flour is always available in our kitchen and it can also be used as an active ingredient in our papaya face pack. Mash a few pieces of raw papaya in a small bowl and add a couple of tablespoons of gram flour to it. Combine properly to get a thick paste with no lump in it. Massage your facial skin with it gently. After 20 minutes, wash off with lukewarm water.
If you have an oily skin, go for this amazing papaya face pack made of 3

########
Rank: 8
Score: 44.76313
Retrieved Text: Natural citrus masks and tonics will give cheerfulness to your skin and cheer up !
About the amazing properties of citrus has been known since antiquity. Already BC in China were known therapeutic properties of lemon, which was called "Limung," that is "medicinal". They used a lemon and as a means of healing wounds, and pulmonary diseases. In the XI century, orange juice used to making medicine Avicenna. Invaluable medicine for many hazardous diseases were considered the fruit of the lemon and the Arab countries. Citrus has long been used in cosmetics. First, their leaves, flowers and fruits are rich in essential oils. Made from citrus essential oils, which added to creams and lotions as a fragrance. In citrus fruits contain: - Thiamin (vitamin B1) - Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) - ascorbic acid (Vitamin C) - tocopherol (vitamin E) - nicotinic acid (vitamin PP). Lemon Lemon - lemon tree fruit. The fruits contain citric acid (7-8.1%), sugar (2-3, 5%), vitamins A, B15, B2, E and S, the coloring matter, flavanonovye glycosides (hesperidin, eriotsitrin, eridiktiol) with P-vitamin activity. Fruit seeds also include essential oil and a bitter substance limonene, twigs and leaves - an essential oil (0, 1-0, 25%). The bark contains glycoside tsitronitina - tsitronin. In cosmetic purposes is used as a lemon conditioners, hair creams, lotions, for the manufacture of lotions and masks to care for different skin types. Natural compounds from a lemon - lemon finely chop, pour a glass of vodka, insist 10 days. Infusion impregnate layer cotton or gauze and apply on face. After

########
Rank: 9
Score: 44.625557
Retrieved Text: This article was co-authored by our trained team of editors and researchers who validated it for accuracy and comprehensiveness. Together, they cited information from 22 references. wikiHow's Content Management Team carefully monitors the work from our editorial staff to ensure that each article meets our high standards.
No matter what age you are, or whether you’re a male or female, you’ve probably suffered with a blackhead recently. Blackheads are “clogged hair follicles” that are filled with excess oil, dead skin and bacteria. The best skin treatment methods are those that use preventative measures to help stop blackheads before they start. But even the perfect skin regimen will still result in the occasional blackhead you just need to get rid of as fast as possible.
Select the proper type of toothpaste. You will need to ensure you use only the proper type of toothpaste. It needs to be the white paste kind, and not the gel kind. It should also be the plainest type of toothpaste available, not the whitening or sensitivity kind. A mint-flavoured toothpaste is also helpful.
The “toothpaste method" is highly recommended by a number of DIY experts and average people, but it is not recommended by doctors. The reason why toothpaste works to get rid of blackheads and other pimples is because it contains ingredients that help dry out the infected pores. However, as you can imagine, toothpaste also contains many other ingredients that could potentially cause other problems with your skin, including an allergic reaction. Feel free to try out the “toothpaste method” but know

########
Rank: 10
Score: 44.563976
Retrieved Text: To lighten the skin, you should prepare all mixtures and masks aimed at whitening the dark places of the face, neck and add sparkle to them before they are placed on the skin directly, as they will lose their characteristics that help Brightening if not used immediately.
Wash , mash a cucumber and squeeze it. Mix equal amounts of cucumber juice and lemon then apply the mixture on your clean face. Leave on 15 minutes and then rinse with clean water. Lemon juice has healing properties for the skin, accelerates the healing of wounds, burns and blisters.
Squeeze two tomatoes and add a teaspoon of lemon juice then mix , apply on your face and neck. Leave on for 15 minutes. Tomatoes are used as soothing to add the natural sparkle on your skin. it is also filled with antioxidants and acidity which helps to gently clean skin pores.
Honey is an excellent component of beauty , it has anti-bacterial properties and nutritious. Apply a mixture of equal quantity of honey and lemon juice on the skin and leave 15 minutes. This mask gives glow to the skin and tightens the pores and get rid of impurities.
Mix a teaspoon of turmeric with fresh lemon juice that you get a paste. apply them on the skin and leave 10 minutes.
Mix a teaspoon of milk with a teaspoon of lemon juice and a little chickpea flour until you get a soft paste . apply them on your face and neck and leave 15 minutes and then rinse with water. Do this

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.47062
Retrieved Text: Face is the most noticeable part of our body features, so mostly people spend huge money to purchase commercial facial skin care products. If you are one of them, don’t waste your hard-earned money, just prepare homemade facial masks using basic ingredients found in your kitchen. Let’s find out some easy recipes to make homemade facial masks.
First of all, take the quarter part of apple and mash it well until it becomes a paste.
Now mix orange juice and honey in a small bowl.
Add the apple puree in the mixture of honey and orange juice and mix it once again.
Put the mixture in the microwave at a low temperature for a few minutes.
Let it cool down; apply on your face for few minutes.
Remove the mixture with warm washcloth and then was your face using good quality soap or face wash.
This homemade facial mask is suitable for all types of skin. Honey and orange juice used in the mask will help you in cleansing all dirt from skin, while apple will give a fresh and young-looking appearance.
Pour all constituents in a food processor or blender machine.
Run the blender or food processor for five minutes.
Let the mixture cool down by putting it in refrigerator.
Apply the mask on your face for about half hour.
Remove the mask using washcloth and then wash your face with cold water.
This homemade facial mask is ideal for the females who have dry skin.
Rinse it off with tepid water.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 43.91729
Retrieved Text: 41 Best Recipes of Homemade Face Mask for Dry Skin - How They Work?
Having a glowing skin is a dream of everyone. However, you might get several skin problems such as oily skin, pimples, blackheads, whiteheads, acne, scars, etc. Among them, dry skin is a very common condition that can make the skin look less smooth and soft. There are many reasons that can cause your skin rough including weather, the environment, chemicals, lifestyles, etc. In this comprehensive writing, Effectiveremedies.com will show you the best homemade face mask for dry skin and hope that you will get some useful solutions for your skin condition. Now keep reading the article and learn how to do the mask for healing dry skin on the face.
You need to prepare 2 tbsp of ground coffee, 3 tbsp of milk, 2 tbsp of cocoa powder, 1 tbsp of honey.
Then, mix together all of the ingredients and smooth the mixture onto your face.
Wait for half an hour and finally, wash off your mask by using water.
First of all, prepare 2 large, fresh strawberries, 2 mashed ripe papaya, 1 cooked peach, 1 teaspoon of organic honey and 1 tablespoon of oatmeal.
In a mixing bowl, place strawberries, papaya, peach, honey and then mix until these fruits are blended.
Stir in a little old fashioned oatmeal at a time until this mixture creates a paste.
Now apply this mask to your face and keep it for around 10 to 15 minutes.
After that, rinse it with lukewarm water and follow up with applying a good moisturizer.
Coconut oil also

########
Rank: 13
Score: 43.877617
Retrieved Text: These natural face wash recipes are very gentle and great for removing makeup and dirt from the skin. In addition, it is really perfect for people with a delicate and sensitive skin. So, let Beauty Talk introduce to you top 10 natural ways to make the best face wash for sensitive skin that help to leave your skin a clean, smooth, and soft feeling without over-drying.
Milk has an ability to remove the impurities, protein-based impurities, and dead skin cells from the skin thanks to the fat-soluble enzyme lipase, protease, and lactic acid present in it. Moreover, milk is a wholesome moisturizer with water, proteins, and fats that may replenish the lost moisturizing factors of your skin. People who have sensitive skin look for a cleanser containing milk to calm their red & irritated skin. This is because milk helps to stop suffocating the skin with thick layers of skincare products.
Honey can cleanse skin pores and remove blackheads. Because honey contains antiseptic, antibacterial, and antioxidants properties, it is beneficial for removing blackheads from the skin by eliminating dirt from skin pores. It also hydrates and shrinks skin pores for a clear complexion.
Firstly, mix honey with raw milk together to get a fine lotion.
Massage it gently on your skin for 2 to 3 minutes and then wash off with lukewarm water.
This face wash helps to brighten the skin and eliminate the oil from your face.
Chamomile has amazing healing, cleansing, moisturizing, and antioxidant properties and it is considered a natural remedy for skin care . Thanks to its antioxidant

########
Rank: 14
Score: 43.73301
Retrieved Text: Wash your face after you apply conditioner, as it might be still on your face, which can lead to acne.
If you have a dull or pale skin, then you might wanna try eating some iron-rich foods like spinach or juices; they will do wonders on your dull skin!
If you've got cuts on your skin, then massaging with an aloe vera gel or a moisturizer can help soothe the pain, plus heal the bruises.
Avoid bathing more than once a day in winters, and more than thrice in summers. More than that, will actually take off the natural moisture from your body, leaving your skin to be super-dry.
If you've got dry lips or dry skin, then use a nighttime moisturizer that usually has 'nighttime', 'night' or 'overnight' written on it. This will help your skin to not appear dry in the morning.
Dark circles may not occur just due to lack of sleep. There are other reasons like bad nutritional habits, over-thinking or stress, consumption of more dairy products or the red meat, or due to less intake of water. Putting cucumber slices on your eyes for 15 minutes, every once in a while, can be helpful.
After putting cleanser/soap/face-wash on your face, massage a bit, before you rinse it off. Concentrate on all the areas, specially those where your skin tends to get more dirty, or has zits, most time of the year.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.69648
Retrieved Text: Can You Use Baking Soda for Itching Skin?
You don't need to have a skin condition, such as eczema, to suffer from itching and irritation. Skin can itch for a number of reasons, including a rash, bug bite or brush with poison ivy. Store-bought anti-itch creams may help a little, but they sometimes contain ingredients that make the problem worse. If you'd like to try a more natural solution to stop itchiness, whip up a baking soda bath or paste. Use it on your feet, face, underarms and all over your body.
Run a warm bath, then add 1/2 cup to 1 cup of baking soda to the water. Allow the baking soda to dissolve. Soak in the water for as long as you'd like to soothe all-over itchiness.
Make a paste of one part baking soda to three parts water. Mix well. Dab the paste on your itchy spots, such as bug bites or diaper rash, then let it dry. Rinse it off with lukewarm water.
Wash your face with your usual cleanser and water. Combine 1 teaspoon of water or lemon juice with 1 teaspoon of baking soda, then gently rub the paste onto your face to soothe itching and help reduce acne. Repeat two or three times a week.
Fill a large bowl or basin with 1 quart of water, then add 1 tablespoon of baking soda. Soak your feet in the water for 15 minutes to kill odor-causing bacteria. Dust your feet lightly with dry baking soda before putting on shoes to keep itching, sweat and odor

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.681057
Retrieved Text: 10 Best home remedies to get rid of pimples!
Here are the top 10 ways to get rid of pimples easily.
Ice can be used to quickly reduce the redness, swelling and inflammation of pimples. It helps in improving blood circulation to the affected area, and in tightening the skin pores and removing dirt and oil accumulated on the skin. You can use ice cubes or crushed ice, whichever is convenient.
Plus, its soothing properties help reduce the redness and inflammation of pimples. It also helps dry out blackheads and whiteheads.
Just dip a cotton ball in tea tree essential oil and dab it on the affected area. Rinse your face after 15 to 20 minutes.
Note: Steer clear of tea tree oil if you have sensitive skin.
In the morning, wash your face with water and you will see a significant improvement in the swelling.
To make a exfoliating face mask, mash some papaya pieces and add a little honey. Apply this paste on your face and massage gently. Leave it on until it dries completely and then rinse it off.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.520782
Retrieved Text: Sun tan is very common in summers. Summers brings sun damage, sun tan and skin darkening other than relaxing at the beach or feeling the sun rays on your face. These skin darkening and tanning increases when sunscreens are skipped. Sun tan makes your skin looks patchy and uneven therefore, it is extremely important to use a sunscreen to protect the skin from sun damage and skin darkening though if you already have sun tan on your face, then here are some effective home remedies and face packs to remove sun tan from the face. These beauty tips with face packs will make skin free from tan and also skin appears better.
Basil and cucumber face pack is a very effective face pack to remove sun tan. This face pack soothes the skin and when used regularly, it removes the sun tanning hence, makes skin glow. Cucumber tones the skin and enhances the complexion.
Take some basil leaves and a piece of cucumber.
Wash them well and put them in the grinder. Make a fine paste and apply it on the clean face.
Rinse off after 20 minutes with plain water and see the glow on your skin.
It gradually removes the sun tan and can be used twice a week by all skin types.
Another great face pack to remove sun tan is with cucumber, rose water and lime juice. It is easy and quick to make and shows good results. This face pack also enhances the skin complexion.
Take a teaspoonful of cucumber water, one tea spoonful of rosewater and half

########
Rank: 18
Score: 43.382847
Retrieved Text: You already know that microdermabrasion treatment is the fastest, most economical way to maintain your face. Now add weekly steam treatments before moisturizing and get even bigger personal rewards.
Pour water into slow cooker, cover and place on high for 30 minutes.
While your water heats, wash your face to remove dirt, makeup, and oil from your skin, then perform your microdermabrasion treatment.
Back to your crock pot, cut a lemon in half and squeeze the juice into the water. Now cut the lemon into slices and add that to the mixture. Reduce to medium, or low heat and re-cover for five minutes.
Weekly steaming of your face helps maintain your skin in a more youthful condition. Warm steam will deep clean your skin, opening the pours and pushes out impurities blocking your pores.
Allow your face to steam for 10-15 minutes by placing a towel over your head and holding your face ten to twelve inches above the steaming liquid. It should be warm, not hot to your skin, adjust the temperature by raising of lowering your face.
Following your facial steam, rinse your face with cold water and gently pat dry. Now apply your moisturizer. It is essential to moisturize your face daily and twice daily is better, but it is especially important after you steam.
This will dissolve any oil that has hardened with impurities and become stuck in your pores. The steam will open your pores, allowing dust, skin cells etc. to be easily removed.
People with extra dry skin are advised that it may better to steam only once

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.33836
Retrieved Text: Give the gift of healthier skin to yourself or to any man who likes feeling conveniently clean and refreshed from head to toe.
Pure Moisture Body Wash brings cool hydration with Menthol, Aloe Vera and Coconut Oil. Bionutrient Foaming Face Wash bathes you in Green Tea to moisturize, clarify, and protect. And Cooling Clay Facial Wash uses Activated Charcoal and Tanakura Clay to get down deep into your pores and gently clean.
If that's not enough, they all come inside our Signature Dopp Travel Bag, with soft premium leather, giant zippers, multiple pockets, and a washable interior and exterior. So cool, we should probably call it our Signature Dope Travel Bag. But we won't.
For daily use. Wet skin, apply to face then rinse.
For daily use. Wet skin, apply body wash then rinse thoroughly.
Pure Moisture Body Wash has menthol and aloe vera to revitalize, cool, and condition.
Green tea and citric acid in BioNutrient Foaming Face Wash help leave face feeling supple and refreshed.
And Cooling Clay Facial Wash features Tanakura clay and activated charcoal to expunge dirt, oil and toxins from the depths while leaving skin's surface strengthened against potential damage.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.24857
Retrieved Text: Avocado is high valued natural ingredients to smooth and moisturize dry skin. This natures gift is rich source of skin friendly minerals like potassium, calcium, iron, copper, magnesium, vitamins (A, B, E and K) and lecithin which is helpful in restoring your skin back to health. Vitamin E in avocado is best for nourishing skin and good for every skin type. Olive oil is key ingredients that deeply penetrate into skin pores which helps in taking vitamin E from avocado face mask deeper into skin while honey works as natural moisturizer.
Combine the nutrients of avocado and other powerful essential products like honey, olive oil, lemon juice etc, we formulate powerful Avocado face mask to get rid of various skin problems.
Take one ripe avocado and remove seed from avocado. Mash the avocado and make thick fine paste. Add 1 tbsp of olive oil and mix thoroughly. Apply this paste all over the face and hands and leave it for 10-15 minutes to dry and then wash it off.
Avocado face mask works well with all types of skin and is great for dry winter skin. Mash and blend 1 ripe avocado, a banana and 1 slice of papaya to make thick paste. Apply this paste all over the face, neck and on dry problematic skin for 15-20 minutes and rinse off with normal water.
Avocado and honey face pack is misery way to combat dry winter skin. This face pack is also good source of sterolin and humectants to formulate an effective home remedy for dry skin.
Simple take ripe

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.224594
Retrieved Text: We read in almost every beauty magazine and bog that our skin requires extra care in winter season. But let’s face it, who has got the time to apply moisturizing lotion on skin like 100 times a day? Besides, I am the kind of person who hates spending weekends in salons and that’s why I always prefer homemade winter facepacks to keep up with the frizzy season.
The combination of yogurt and honey gets the first place in this list of homemade winter facepacks because of its impressive effects. Take yogurt and honey in equal quantity and prepare a fine paste. Now apply it on your skin and wash after keeping it for 15-20 minutes.
There is a reason why I love banana fruit. You can easily peel it off and mash it in few seconds to make a paste. You can mash a banana and add few drops of milk to get a thick paste. If you have oily skin, then you can replace milk with rose water. Apply this mask properly on your face and then wash off after 20 minutes.
To get a purely clean skin in winters, add 2 tablespoons of carrot juice in a tablespoon of honey. Mix it well and massage your face with it for 10-15 minutes. After massaging, leave it for at least 10 minutes and then rinse your face with water.
Yeah, you heard it right! Oatmeal is not just for shedding extra calories from the body. It can also help you provide a softer and healthier skin in winters. You

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.153023
Retrieved Text: There's a reason why Neem tree is called "The Miracle Tree". Read to know!
Hello-Hello people! It's been quite a lot of time since I did my last post but believe me, every time I used something new (and it worked!) in my mind I was like "I HAVE TO share this with everyone!" I came across some of the most amazing skin and hair care (natural!) products that are not only cheap but are also easily available. On my recent trip to India, the land of Ayurveda, I went on a shopping spree for herbs and natural medicines, I bought around 14 (yes!) different kinds of herbs, that I have already started using and can't wait to share the results with you all.
I will be doing a separate blog post on "Why I started making my own products?" I am sure once you will read it, you will start doing the same! So, let's not waste time and get back to our Magical Tree!
What are the Benefits of using Neem in a Face Mask?
Moisturizer (Yes) Neem is high in vitamin E and rich in fatty acids and will not dry out skin.
Place ingredients in a small bottle, shake well. Make sure all ingredients are well blended. Use it regularly.
For skin problems, apply directly onto the skin two or three times a day.You should not use undiluted neem oil on your skin. Always try a very small amount on a small area of skin to make sure your skin does not have a negative reaction.
Warm a teaspoon

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.14824
Retrieved Text: A facial sponge for all skin types.
This sponge cleanses skin. It helps wash away all facial impurities.
-Rinse the sponge with water.
-Add face wash to the sponge.
-Gently scrub your face with the sponge.
-Rinse off the soap from your face and the sponge.
-Place the sponge in a clean and dry place to let dry.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.10868
Retrieved Text: Sun, pollution, dirt and stress take a toll on skin. Dirt and pollution clog the pores leading to clogged pores that cause various skin issues. Thus, it is very essential to keep the skin clean and the best way to clean is the skin is to exfoliate it using a face scrub.
Here, we have some amazing face scrubs for you and the best thing is that you need not to go to a salon for face scrub. You can easily make your own homemade scrub. How? Let’s find out.
The scrubs mentioned here are easy to make and do wonder to your skin. The ingredients used are easily available in your kitchen.
In equal amount take orange peel powder and oats and add a tablespoon of honey. To change the consistency you can use water. Scrub your face with this amazing face scrub and let it stay for some minutes.
This homemade scrub for oily skin helps to exfoliate skin and control the oil secretion. Take a handful of almonds and coarsely grind them. Now, take two teaspoon of honey and mix well. Apply this face scrub on face and scrub using gentle strokes.
Add mashed ripe bananas and sugar. Add a tablespoon of honey for moisture. Massage this face scrub for 5 minutes then wash off with cold water.
This is an amazing scrub for dry skin. Take one- fourth cup of oats add 1/8 cup of honey and olive oil to it. Massage the face with this face scrub for one minute. Let it stay for 5 to 10

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.006058
Retrieved Text: Moong dal (lentils) is high on proteins which are good for skin. Yellow moong dal is a healthy food but this can also be used to prepare face packs and masks to treat various concerns for the skin like the dark spots on the face. It also cures the skin pigmentation, sun tanning and also makes skin complexion fair. Moong dal packs also helps to make the facial hair finer which eventually become invisible and skin looks smoother and even toned. Here we will share face packs recipes using moong dal at home.
Take 1 teaspoonful of Moong dal powder and add equal quantity of the fresh honey in it. Mix both the products well. Apply on the face evenly and let it dry. After 15-20 minutes wash this dal pack off the face. This will help to make the skin brighter and fair without any side effects. Moong dal powder will be slightly granular so it will also give gentle scrubbing to remove the dead skin.
Mix 1 teaspoonful of moong dal powder in a bowl and add some tomato juice in it. Mix both the ingredients thoroughly to give it even paste like texture. Now, apply this Moong dal face pack o the face and let it dry. Rinse the face with regular water. No too cold or warm. This will eliminate the dark spots for a clear spot free skin.
Unwanted facial hair is a concern as they make the skin look patchy and dark. So, to minimize them and to reduce their thickness this moong

########
Rank: 26
Score: 42.981743
Retrieved Text: Word peeling pr emanated from the English “to peel”, which translates as “strongly scrape”, “oshkurivat”. Mechanical peeling, performed at home, exfoliates and cleanses the skin, but has a shallow effect. A stronger, more pronounced rejuvenating effect to the face skin gives a chemical version of the cosmetic procedure. As a rule, it requires professional knowledge or special equipment, so it is performed in clinics.
The cleansing procedure removes the dead cells from the skin. In cosmetology practice, mechanical , laser , chemical varieties that have a superficial, medial or deep effect on the skin of the face are used.
As a rule, mechanical peeling is used at home. It affects the upper or middle layers of the epidermis, removes dead cells from the skin, improves complexion, stimulates the regeneration of the skin, tightens and tones.
To cope with age-related changes, it requires deep peeling . It is carried out by the action of chemicals (acid), special equipment (laser), therefore this kind of purification procedure, as a rule, is performed in cosmetic hospitals.
The use of a mechanical face peeling (scrub) at home is based on the addition of various abrasive substances (ground nuts, salt, cereals, etc.) to cosmetics. Solid particles scrape the cornified scales from the skin, massage its surface.
In case of normal skin, it is enough to apply a scrub once a week. For oily skin, more resistant to mechanical effects, the peeling procedure is performed after 3 days. Dry skin requires gentle care, so the scrub is applied once every 10 days.
Peeling is prohibited if the face has

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.861458
Retrieved Text: If you get a pimple then it’s sure to have a spot. Having to deal with pimples isn’t tiring enough that the spots make your beautiful skin a bit…….not so beautiful. The most alarming fact is that the spots don’t go away easily. From weeks to years there is no surety how long it will take to go away.
Thus, we need to apply makeup to hide those tiny troublemakers. But, it’s not that lucky to get a shade suiting with your skin tone. And applying makeup has its own disadvantage. We have to take extra care in cleaning it off daily. Otherwise, it may cause more infections and pimples will pop up. Time is a wastage every day in applying makeup and removing it. And our true beautiful self is not revealed, just a fake makeup. So, it’s better to get rid of those dark spots before being a burden.
There are many easy and effective methods for helping you with this problem. But, today, I will show you some natural ways that deal with home remedies to remove your dark spots caused by pimples.
Lemon juice alone is very efficient. Just apply on spots every second day. It’s very strong and may not suit sensitive or damaged skin. So, depending on your need you can also try to add something else to it.
For oily ones, take out the pulp from Aloe Vera leaves, let it dry in the sun for 5 minutes and then add a few drops of lemon juice. Apply the mixture on the spots

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.851078
Retrieved Text: Everyone loves pampering themselves. We find many ways to pamper ourselves, I believe one of them is applying a face mask and listening to whichever genre of music you love and lying down on a sofa or wherever you’re comfortable. That relaxed feeling you get is great, isn’t it?
Homemade face masks are the best, aren’t they? The Ingredients are available just two steps away, in your kitchen plus you do not have to spend money on it! As you spend on any other face mask which you purchase from outside. Plus all the homemade masks are always safe to apply, of course depending upon your skin type! We have already seen the Fruits Face Pack and it’s time to see other homemade face masks.
Rice contains sun-protecting agents, and Aloe Vera has cooling properties. Aloe Vera fights acne, Cleanses skin, is anti-inflammatory, soothes sunburns and much more.
How to prepare: Take a bowl and add 1 tablespoon of Rice flour, add aloe vera gel, make sure that the amount of aloe vera gel is more than the rice flour. After you’re done adding the gel, add a minimum amount of water. Mix the ingredients well until you get a good amount of paste consistency.
How to apply: Wash and pat dry your face, when you’re done secure your hair so that they don’t come in-between, Apply the mixture to your face and neck and wait till it gets dry it might take 25-30 minutes and wash off with water. Leave the skin free to breathe, do not apply any

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.776436
Retrieved Text: Skin pores often get clogged due to the oil on the skin, dead skin cells and dirt which we encounter on a daily basis. Clogged pores can appear anywhere on the skin, but commonly at the chin, nose and forehead.The excessive oil and dead cells are excreted from the body through the pores of our skin to keep the skin healthy and smooth . Sometime due to massive dead skin build up, overflow of oil , pollutions , make up hormonal change and many other factors block the skin pores and cause clogged pores. They give an unwanted bumpy look anywhere on the skin and can result in acne, pimples and breakouts.
If we leave clogged pores untreated, they can cause acne and blackheads, leaving your skin dull and uneven. This can affect the overlook of your personality as face acts as the mirror of your overall personality. This is the reason that you will find many different types of facial creams and scrubs in the cosmetics market. People often spend thriftily on the beauty products that claim to help regain the shine and beauty of your dull and uneven complexion. It is vital to deal with the issue of bad skin from its root rather than just dealing with the external factors.
There are different methods that can be used to deal with the problem of clogged pores. You can prevent pore clogging if you pamper and clean your skin on a regular basis with the mild face wash and cleansers. Avoid harsh chemicals and products when

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A person is seen throwing plaster onto a wall while the camera follows the person close behind. the person... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: continues throwing ingredients down and leads into a person kicking a dirty toilet.

Ending 2: gradually throws more and more onto the wall and the camera pans over the finished product.

Ending 3: then uses paper to spread it all over the wall followed by others putting paper through with the plaster.

Ending 4: is now seen putting wax all along the wall while still looking back to the camera.

Target Text: Ending 2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.750263
Retrieved Text: What Are Some Different Types of Ceiling Textures?
Some different types of ceiling textures are popcorn, mud swirl and slapbrush. The popcorn-type ceiling is a bit messy to apply and must be applied with a machine. Effects such as glitter can be added to enhance the ceiling's attractiveness.
Two people are needed to apply a mud swirl texture to a ceiling. The ceiling needs to be sanded first. The first person applies the mud, while the helper follows behind with a swirling brush.
A slapbrush, or stippled ceiling, also uses mud. This time the mud is first thinned out and applied in rolls with a roller, and more mud is slapped on using a special brush.
Ceiling Texture Tools Deals | Get Ceiling Texture Tools!
6.000 shops & 23 Mil products - Ceiling Texture Tools Offers at BEST-DEAL.com. Discover the Best Offers online now with our price comparison on BEST-DEAL.com!
How Do You Plaster a Wall and Ceiling?
What Are Some Types of Wall Paneling at Lowes?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.51196
Retrieved Text: Israelis were filmed throwing stones at the houses of the Palestinian village of Burin in the West Bank Friday.
In the footage, which was taken by members of the Yesh Din human rights organization, the Israelis are seen descending from the Giv'at Ronen outpost toward Burin and throwing rocks at the village, which is located south of the city of Nablus.
"Yesh Din" footage of Israeli settlers throwing stones in West Bank"Yesh Din"
In one video, a group of 20 Israelis divided into two smaller groups is seen approaching Burin. Some of them are masked. One unmasked man is seen hurling rocks at the village's houses. The video does not show the rocks hitting the houses, which were a few meters away from the stone-thrower.
In the second video, a group of ten Israelis, some of whom are masked, is seen approaching the village. One of them is carrying a pistol and aims it toward the person shooting the video, but does not fire. Afterwards, he and the rest of the group leave the area and camera frame. One of the masked Israelis uses a slingshot to hurl rocks at the village. He does not seem to hit anything. The young man with the gun, his face shown in close-up, lingers and aims the pistol in the general direction of the village before leaving the area.
"Yesh Din" footage of armed Israeli in civilian garb behind IDF soldiers"Yesh Din"
In the third video, another Israeli wearing civilian clothing is seen near the village, carrying a rifle. A number of Israeli soldiers are

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.979088
Retrieved Text: Five video installations within one of the balcony spaces of The Mackintosh Building. One of the installations used live-feed video, the others used short snippets from video recorded using a mobile phone in public spaces (glitchy, pixelated videos from 2012 tech).
Installation photo of viewer within the Degree Show installation space.
Face, 2012. White plinth with peephole in the top. Inside the plinth a monitor can be seen.
Materials: MDF, monitor, two live-feed cameras. The monitor inside the plinth shows live footage that alternates between the two camera angles.
Face, 2012. View inside the plinth to the monitor while it is showing live video of the participant as they look into the plinth.
Face, 2012. View inside the plinth to the monitor while it is showing live video of the participant from a close-up angle while they look into the plinth. (In this case, the camera taking the photograph obscures the face).
Eye, 2012. White plinth with peephole in the top. Inside the plinth a mobile phone screen can be seen through a slightly reflective plaster channel.
Materials: MDF, plaster, mobile phone screen. Duration: 9 seconds, looped.
Eye, 2012. View inside the plinth, through the slightly reflective plaster channel, to the video screen. The pixelated video shows a stranger’s eye, which looks around and then makes contact with the camera lens (and therefore, viewer).
Yawn, 2012. A pixelated video showing a woman yawning was installed high up, behind the gallery wall, through a circular cut-out.
Materials: MDF, mobile phone screen. Duration: 9 seconds, looped.
Nose, 2012. The corner of the gallery space has been partially screened off

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.34962
Retrieved Text: Axe throwing is a sport that involves competitors throwing an axe at a target, trying to get as close as they can to the bullseye. Our axe throwing sessions are run by trained experts who will show you how to safely handle an axe and chuck it with accuracy while giving you plenty of tips along the way.
No. We will supply the axes.
No. We do not allow alcohol at in the Axe Throwing Arena.
There can be up to 12 participants in the Arena at one time.
2. A waiver MUST be signed before entering the axe throwing arena.
3. Only players who are throwing axes are permitted in the axe throwing area/court.
4. Never joke or gesture with an axe.
5. Never handle axes until told to do so.
6. No open toed shoes allowed.
7. Never throw an axe while a person is down range.
8. Never throw an axe until given permission to do so.
9. Only 1 person allowed in either lane at any time.
10. If you are not throwing, you must remain behind the safety zone.
11. Follow all directions given by the range official.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.50966
Retrieved Text: It’s feeding time for the Giraffes at the Philadelphia zoo, and I meet the three giraffes in the family. Up close these animals manage to be simultaneously elegant and goofy.
They look somewhat spindly, but I realize just how powerful they are when they are ripping leaves off my proffered branch. I want to touch them but I know better. When I feel the urge, I raise my camera.
I will forever wish for giraffe-like eye-lashes.
Imagine scratching a white rhino behind the ears, feeding a 17 foot tall giraffe, throwing lettuce into the jaws of a 2-ton hippo, getting a hug from a penguin or getting close enough to our tigers to count the stripes. The Philadelphia Zoo ADOPT program allows you to do all this while helping our animals receive the best possible care. For as little as $150 per person, you can choose which animals to encounter. You’ll also become ADOPT parent and receive a certificate of parentage, a photo of your animal and an invitation to ADOPT Day.
Just got here? Start at Hour One.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.444733
Retrieved Text: Share your ideas and thoughts for the game with the community and team.
There are many things that I feel took me longer than they should have to discover because I simply can't move the camera to a suitable location in the 3rd person view to see them. Often there is a small ledge to be jumped onto from a window, but without managing to rotate the camera through the wall and above the character's head, it's nearly impossible to see. This is also a problem when attempting to walk along a narrow board or around traps while Tilo's head blocks the view of the ground directly in front. It would be great if there were a way to temporarily switch into a first-person view to see from Tilo's perspective.
Thanks for your feedback, I'll pass it on to Seith!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.681614
Retrieved Text: Although our main focus of attention has been to complete the master bedroom lately but jobs in the bedroom aren't always a two person job and my partner is fine on his own working in the bedroom. Whilst he works in the bedroom adding finishing and final touches I make a start on the landing striping off all the old wallpaper ready to have the landing and stairs plastered.
The wall the follows up alongside the stairs is particularly wonky from top to bottom and may need plaster boarding before it is plastered but due to the thickness of the available area we might not be able to use a timber frame to hold the plaster board and may need to use a dot and dab technique for the plaster board. Either way the wallpaper on this wall needs removing and that's my job for the day!
With a make shift plank of wood screwed over the stairs it gives my a rather scary plinth above the stairs to work on the higher parts of the wall.
Several hours later the wall is striped of all remnants of wallpaper and lining paper and ready for the next stage in the house. We aren't sure where to spend our money next. Getting the hallway complete would not only transform the upstairs landing but it would be the last remaining bit downstairs that still looks like a building site. But there's a part of me that thinks we should finish the bedrooms first and then move out to the landing. I

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.648026
Retrieved Text: Big iron slingshot fires projectile. Close up on green iron slingshot placed on lawn, rubber stretched and fires.
Wooden slingshots panning over close up. Professional made slingshot for competition waiting on desk.
Close up slingshot hit the target. Big white and black target on green field and someone fires a projectile at it.
Preparing to shot with slingshot close up. Man puts an iron bullet in to cap of slingshot and shoots.
Person prepares for slingshot shooting. Close up of male hands putting projectile in to slingshot holder and fires.
1950s: High school classroom. Teacher speaks. Group of boys talk and play around. Boy pulls back rubber band.
Having fun with a inflatable water catapult.
1950s: Boy loads rifle, aims, shoots at can. Boy shoots at bucket. Woman shoots bow and arrow into wood. Boy shoots slingshot.
Installation of the heroes of the popular PC game "Angry Birds" on the Embankment in Moscow.
Juno spacecraft making a gravitational slingshot pass of Earth. Data: NASA/JPL.
Focusing through targets on slingshot biathlon. Close up of small circle targets for slingshot competition.
Kid shooting with slingshot close up. Young kid hands preparing for slingshot shooting, fires at target.
Hitting first target. Middle shot of targets for slingshot competition, hitting first target.
Big slingshot shot and hit the target. Focus pulling from stretching huge slingshot and hitting the target on field.
Person fires at target with slingshot. Close up of male from behind and target in background, firing with slingshot and hitting.
Preparing more projectiles for slingshot. Close up of person taking iron projectiles and putting in a small bowl.
Firing artillery slingshot close up. Iron

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.998795
Retrieved Text: (CNN) -- An Internet video from what its posters said was one of the anti-government demonstrations last weekend in Iran shows police vehicles driving into crowds of protesters and running over at least one.
In the video -- shot Sunday, according to the posting on the Web site YouTube -- green-and-white police trucks rush into crowds of protesters in the capital, Tehran. Demonstrators scatter, but one truck drives into a crowd trapped in a narrow street with a wall on one side and parked cars on the other.
The camera follows the truck as it backs away, and a person briefly can be seen crumpled in the street where the truck had been. When the camera returns to the spot, another police truck drives over the person. Other protesters rush to the downed person's aid; it was not clear whether that person was killed.
CNN cannot confirm the authenticity of the video, or another one obtained by CNN that shows a woman who was reportedly killed when hit by a car driven by members of the Basij, an Iranian paramilitary group. That video shows protesters transferring her body from a clinic near where she was reportedly killed to another hospital to keep her remains out of reach of security forces.
Iranian authorities have said seven people were killed during Sunday's protests, which were held on the Shiite Muslim holiday of Ashura. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Tuesday the demonstrations were staged by "the Zionists and the Americans," according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency.
The demonstrations were the deadliest since

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.98204
Retrieved Text: There is a lot of benefits in having access panels in our homes and workplaces. The properties prevalent in access panels makes them a suitable tool that enables any person trying to perform a repair gain access to item behind the wall, roof and even floor. Most of the panels are little and give an exact space to get to the electrics or pipes that are hidden behind. In any case, there are the bigger access boards that make it conceivable for a person to obtain the items Gidden behind. Many of these access panels are made in such a way that they are in the same alignment as the walls or floors that gives them an impeccable look. What’s more, the general quality and toughness of these openings can differ with the universally useful units to those that are proposed for flame security or structure sturdiness. Discussed below are the various types of access panels.
We might begin by discussing the all-inclusive access panel that is normally on the interior and exterior sections of the house and also both at the base and top of the premise. To make your house more appealing while at the same time receiving the great benefits of a general-purpose access panel, you can attach hinges and hooks that flash with the surface. This is the most fitting sort of glimmer to introduce in a region where it is not fire touchy, and there are no exceptional necessities. They are more appropriate in zones where there’s no need of setting up

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.672623
Retrieved Text: The first thing to do is to catch your breath. Check and see if you are injured. Even if you think you’re OK, take your time before getting up again.
Lie on your side; bend the leg that is on top and lift yourself onto your elbows or hands.
Pull yourself toward an armchair or other sturdy object, then kneel while placing both hands on the chair or object.
Most of all, stay calm.
If you see someone fall, resist the urge to get the person up immediately. First check for condition: Is the person conscious or unconscious? Does the person appear to be injured? Reassure the person.
If the individual cannot get up, call for help and administer first aid if you are able to do so. Help the person find a comfortable position and keep him or her warm using an item of clothing or a blanket.
Bring a chair close by; help the person turn onto one side and bend the upper leg; help the person into a semi-seated position.
Placing yourself behind the person and getting a firm grip on the hips, help the person to a kneeling position with both hands on the chair.
Holding on to the chair, the person should then place the stronger leg in front. You may help by guiding the person's leg.
With a firm grip on the hips, help the person to stand, then turn and sit on the chair.
This publication was developed in collaboration with the Institut universitaire de gériatrie de Montréal.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.658363
Retrieved Text: Ubisoft have made over 65 fixes in Rainbow Six Siege Patch 3.3, with some awesome improvements.
Th new range will let you jam larger areas around walls as well as reinforced ones, as well as making it almost impossible for drones to jump through.
We’re hopeful that this change will allow players who use Renown Boosts to get the most of them and to let them earn rewards, such as our new Blood Type Charms, much quicker.
FIXED – If a Shield-wielding Operator does a melee attack at the same time as an opponent triggers the shield break animation by meleeing the shield, the shield still completes the melee attack.
FIXED – The Player is unable to select other drones or scan enemies when spectating a teammate’s drone during the preparation phase and after the player’s drone has been destroyed.
FIXED – Cameras can still ID enemies after they get destroyed.
FIXED – The button for spawn point selection is not displayed on HUD after the player’s drone is destroyed.
FIXED – When attackers’ drones are destroyed during the prep phase, players see for a few seconds the first-person view of another attacker prior of going into support mode.
FIXED – Defensive cameras’ HP is too high, and this may create situations where a bullet hit doesn’t break them in 1 shot.
FIXED – Reload animation on the L85A2 in third-person has hand misaligned with gun handle.
FIXED – The left hand is misaligned with the L85A2 when using the melee action near a collision surface while rappelling.
FIXED – Changing to ADS view on the M870

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.471783
Retrieved Text: When the surface is at its lowest point or close to it, press C-up. This will keep you in position as the water is moving up again, letting you go beneath the surface. Swim up to a vertical wall and while underwater, press C-Up to enter first person mode. Then press and hold A without moving the joystick to exit first person mode and swim through the wall. Angles greater than allow the player to swim through some walls and force the camera. Attack; pick up barrel/TNT; special charge attack (press and hold, then release); swim slow (underwater); shoot shooter; take picture; Gorilla Grab (in front of.
Gloomy Galleon is the fourth world in Donkey Kong The stage has a mild pirate theme with both underwater and cave-like areas. Players have to use Once there on time he can go in and collect a Golden Banana after a Barrel game.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.36509
Retrieved Text: On November 3rd, two demonstrations took place in Tulkarm. In the city center, children gathered to protest against the incarceration of their loved ones in so-called “administrative detention”, where they’re held without trial for indefinite periods. The children were singing and chanting in the street. Their parents, teachers and friends gathered around along with internationals, waving Palestinian flags and showing their support.
About an hour later, around 30 people went outside the city center to protest against the apartheid wall and the illegal Israeli occupation. Protesters and international human rights observers marched together towards the wall, clapping hands and singing slogans. They arrived close to the two high fences and the gate, which is part of the apartheid wall in the area of Tulkarm.
A military jeep from Israeli forces was waiting on the other side of the wall when the demonstration arrived. Three soldiers went out, shooting live ammunition in the air and shouting at the protesters to leave. Chanting and clapping continued among the demonstrators. The Israeli forces called for reinforcement and another military truck arrived. Nine soldiers gathered by the fence and started to shoot plastic-coated steel bullets into the group of demonstrators. A Palestinian woman was shot in her knee, and a man leading the chant was shot in his legs twice. Both were taken to hospital and another person took over the megaphone and the lead of the chanting. At least two other people were also hurt by bullets at the time.
The Israeli forces continued their repression by throwing teargas and stun grenades

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.27519
Retrieved Text: Surveillance cameras are today a common feature in any urban setting. These mechanisms of control have become so much part of our everyday life that in a way they are invisible to us, even if their presence is visible everywhere. We are constantly being watched, and we no longer care.
[e]mission uses a projector and a sensor in order to disrupt the way an ordinary CCTV camera works. Every time a person passes under the camera, a projector projects light onto the camera and the wall where it is attached, illuminating its field of vision. In this way, not only the person is made aware of the fact that he or she is being watched, but also, anybody who is around. With this intervention, the space acquires a theatrical quality; it becomes a stage in which anonymous citizens are temporarily brought to light to become the main character in the play of the city.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.078312
Retrieved Text: The camera opens onto the parking lot behind the stadium where Christian Tyler can be seen walking in a sleek black suit with his cell-phone up to his face.
Christian Tyler: Yes, of course. Let's try and make those moves either later on tonight, or sometime tomorrow. After two weeks I want a fiscal results report on those. Goodbye.
Tyler locks his phone and puts it in his pocket and then looks at the camera and smiles widely.
He snaps his fingers as he looks down as though he is still searching his brain for the answer.
Tyler: Tyson! That's it, Tyson Hawk! His name almost escaped me.
He smiles and chuckles a bit and then looks back at the camera as he nears the stadium.
Tyler stops as he is talking and then walks up and puts his face right in front of the camera lens.
He steps back and looks intensely into the camera.
Tyler: You can call me a pretty-boy, but my parents didn't buy me everything I have, they made me earn it. I worked just as hard, if not harder, than you did to get where we are today. I absolutely refuse to bow to someone like you who believes that: just because they grew up rough, they get special treatment when they achieve a goal such as getting into this great federation. I will not let you walk over me to prove a point, because I have a point to prove as well. You are no better than I am, and honestly, I am no better than you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.817898
Retrieved Text: The decorative items that people usually put in their homes are things that they have bought from stores or the souvenirs that they have collected over the years. For most people, decorating their home can be achieved by placing candles, picture frames, and dainty items around the house. Walls are usually designed and decorated using paintings, wallpapers, and wall art. But if one would want to find a unique and exciting way to design a home, a person can try out this unconventional idea of decorating a home. It can be applied in any room such as the living room, bathroom, bedroom, and many others.
When people talk about wall decorations, they would want to be able to achieve a design that is nice and unique. It would be great if people can make use of things around them to create decorative items in a home. Here is a great idea which can be used in any home. All that a person would need would be an old worn out skateboard that nobody in the household would want to make use of anymore.
So, instead of throwing away the skateboards that one has used in their youth, a person can make use of this to creatively make a homemade hook for the dining room, bathroom, or kitchen. This is a portion of the skateboard where the wheels are attached. Cutting this side of the skateboard and removing the wheels would enable a person to attach the flat side against the wall. The most interesting part of this design

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.620974
Retrieved Text: Police in Cambridge are looking for a man who sucker punched two strangers while on the street over the weekend.
Police in Cambridge are searching for a man who sucker-punched random people on the street Saturday afternoon.
A furniture store's surveillance camera captured video of the man throwing the punch Saturday afternoon as a couple who just left the store began walking down the sidewalk. The video shows a man coming up from behind the couple, winding up and hitting a man in the side of his head, knocking him to the ground. A store employee runs out of the store and helps the man.
Anthony Goodh, owner of BoCocept, which captured one of the attacks, said he was glad his store's camera caught the attacker and hopes police can catch him. He called the attack "cowardly."
"It's terrible. You get paranoid and start looking over your shoulder to see who is coming from behind," Goodh said. "I hope they identify this person. If he can't decide for himself that he's doing something wrong, he's got to be told so."
Cambridge police said that two other men were also punched by the same suspect as they walked along Massachusetts Avenue at about the same time Saturday afternoon.
While the video and attack seem similar to a phenomenon known as the knockout game where people sucker punch unsuspecting pedestrians for an audience or to post a video online, Cambridge police said they do not believe these attacks are a part of that game.
A Cambridge police spokesman said the situation appears to instead be

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.620146
Retrieved Text: What are good standard poses for group shots of 3 or 4 people and how can I arrange folks so that they don't just look like they're 'standing around'?
Classic family or work group portrait: Seat a person or a couple and have the rest stand behind and to the sides. The person or couple sitting down will typically be determined by seniority, but other criteria might create interesting dynamics too, so don't just blindly go by the numbers.
Another classic, especially with younger subjects: Have the group jump and photograph them midair with a fast shutter speed and/or a flash to freeze the motion.
With a more lively and dynamic group, you can also experiment with untraditional poses like for example standing one person a feet or two away from the rest of the group, then have the group look at the one person while the one person looks at the camera, vice versa, or other combinations of looking/not looking.
Arrange the group members like a classic band photo. Place the lead person center and front, and have the other persons stand further behind and to the side. Arrange the people in individual poses.
A classic approach is to arrange people so their faces form triangles. This is aesthetically pleasing.
A technique which is useful when you have lots ( > 4 or so) of people is to arrange them in subgroups, such that each sub-group works on its own, and arrange the sub-groups so that they link together somehow.
Example on Flickr here by "off thedeepend".
Another example, also on Flickr. This

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.508135
Retrieved Text: An activity in which one person throws a flat billed hat onto the head of another person. It doesn&apos;t stop at the basics, however. It can be expanded by using stairs, wind, different styles of throwing and any and all of your own personal variations of the game.
Throwing a Rangers flat bill onto the head of your friend who&apos;s downstairs is an excellent way to begin your Dome Cappin&apos; career.
Get a Dome Cappin&apos; mug for your sister-in-law Rihanna.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.425549
Retrieved Text: I'm throwing myself onto the mercy of all who should read this and state I cannot perform a simple function with a camera I recently aquired.
I have an old Olympus 35 rangefinder from about 1950. It's built like a very attractive tank, but I cannot seem to open the back. A large dial on bottom of camera with "S" and "O" seems to logically have a say in how to open the back, but to no avail. I'm fearful of trying to force it, becasue even tanks break once in a while.
So, does anyone know the secret hand-shake to get this open? Is it "O" (Open) or "S" (Seriously,open!). Thanks.
Can you post a pic of the camera?
Good idea, and obvious. I'll work on getting a photo of my puzzle attached. Thanx.
Hmm, this seemed to be the earlier 35 Model, maybe Model I up to IV.
I have the Model V of this series and the way you open the back is by lifting up a metal latch on the right side of the camera (if you hold it like you'd take a picture).
The latch runs the length of the side of the camera, you can't miss it.
Fit your fingernail into the latch and lift up, sometimes it gummed up so it may take a bit of force.
If my direction is confusing, post pictures of the side of the camera, then I can tell for sure if it is what I think it is. It may not be, Olympus may decide to switch the back opening mechanism within

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.198668
Retrieved Text: Estimates, plaster repairs, drywall/sheetrock wall and ceiling repairs are scheduled at a time that works for your schedule.
I'll never just patch the damaged area with something that only hides the damaged plaster. I use modern new materials to rebuild the damaged area so it's good as new. Unlike many handyman or house painters in the Greenville area I won't simply cover your damaged plaster wall or ceiling with some cheap hardware store patch then call it done. I'll completely rebuild the damaged area while insuring the lath, framing and insulation are are secure and free from water damage, mold and meet all building & fire safety codes.
While many contractors want to completely remove the existing plaster or cover the old plaster with drywall, I prefer to restore the original plaster. This will maintain the "character" of the walls and ceilings in the home while saving you quite a bit of money and time. If you're interested in replacing the original plaster with new drywall after extensive demo work I'm not the person to call.
Plaster may at first appearance be so damaged with so many problems that removal may seem like the only option. But there are many practical reasons for saving it. First of all, plaster is unmatched in strength and durability compared to drywall. It resists fire and reduces sound transmission. Second, replacing plaster with drywall is expensive. Compared to a restoration, the additional cost of debris removal, asbestos removal and the needed building permits with inspections would add tens of thousands of dollars to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.178595
Retrieved Text: If you need to install a spy video camera in your home or workplace, then there is nothing as normal as a clock on the wall. This is ideal for covert surveillance, capturing faces clearly from across the room. With free live streaming, alert notifications and a rechargeable battery, this is a classy hidden camera that will not look out of place anywhere at home or work.
90 degree field of view.
x4 zoom via the app.
Supports a 32GB TF card (not included).
Alert notifications when triggered by motion.
Live video streaming on your mobile devices.
Download app onto as many devices as you want.
7 to 8 hours continuous recording.
How do you use this spy video camera?
As far as covert surveillance goes, a wall clock is a pretty good hidden camera and is something that most people would never recognize.
This clock has a clean, classic style and wouldn’t look out of place in your home or the workplace. In fact, you can have multiple WiFi wall clocks installed and they will all match, looking like part of the furniture very quickly.
Once installed on the wall, the wide angle lens (90 degrees) allows you to catch anything important that happens within its field of view and you can zoom in for a closer look as well on the app (x4 zoom). The HD resolution lets you see faces clearly across the room, so you can easily identify the person or people in the videos.
If the power goes out or there is no power point where you want to locate the wall clock,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.891659
Retrieved Text: I'm looking to integrate the VMS with VCA technology camera. The camera has a zone defined in which provide an event when an person enter the zone. This event should be send to the Nx in order to start recording. The recording should last 10 seconds after the person leaves the zone / The person can stay in the zone for long time in which in that time the Nx should keep recording.
You create a rule in Nx Witness as follows.
When the event occurs in the VCA camera, the VCA camera sends an HTTP request to Nx Witness.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.855175
Retrieved Text: Rather than displaying an overhead showing the Community Preservation Act matches from the state to Amherst while Weiss was making a presentation, a camera panned onto the lower half of a person sitting in the auditorium and was put on the large screen, leading to several chuckles from the audience until the overhead finally replaced the person on the large screen.
Chris Duncan, an Amherst resident and former professor at UMass, said he was concerned with how the nuisance house bylaw might be implemented, noting that he didn't feel it was right for landlords to be held accountable for actions of grown-ups.
"The behavior of adults is their own responsibility," Duncan said. Duncan said he has also seen evidence that many Amherst residents reflexively are concerned with students and might use the bylaw against them.
A right to farm bylaw and implementing fees for false alarms are slated to be taken up, while the purchase of two lots on Main Street using up to $400,000 in Community Preservation Act money will come before Town Meeting sometime in June, once an appraisal on the land is completed.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.841366
Retrieved Text: Theri There from 2006-01-02: How do you draw what can’t be seen?
Notes: A behind-the-scenes look at how I first started planning Theri There. This sketch deals with the key challenge of how to show that someone is an otherkin. After all, their physical appearance can look entirely unlike how they describe their otherkin self. At the time, I'd seen very few attempts at conveying this dichotomy in art. In this sketch, I came up with as many ideas for it as I possibly could. I ended up using some of those ideas in Theri There. If some of these ideas might suit your own otherkin portraiture, please feel free to try them out, too!
Transcript: Inside the logo, a note that says "Picture and/or text goes here."
"Logo symbolism. Horizontal: quadruped stance, animal side. Vertical: biped stance, human side." An arrow points at the ambiguous letter where the words overlap one another, saying, "shifting point."
"Ways of depicting otherkin in comic..."
A picture of a person. "WYSINWYG" (what you see is not what you get).
A person with a dragon silhouette around them. "Shadow outline."
A silhouetted person with a luminous dragon outline around them. "What light do you cast?"
"How do you draw what can't be seen by the naked eye?"
A picture of an animal paw juxtaposed on a human hand, equally detailed. "Separate blocks. Furry front."
"Challenge must not become a too-repeated gimmick, either."
A person's face with a comic panel superimposed over part of their head, showing a feline face inside. "X-ray window."
"Abstract:" A not-too-serious doodle of crisscrossed rays, stars, and symbols,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.819923
Retrieved Text: I have a true first person camera parented with my head but when I run towards a wall or a box or whatever my camera goes through it for less than a second. All this objects (wall,floor,box,spheres) have collisions set on blockall.
Any idea of to avoid the camera clipping into these objects?
The best way to handle this is to slightly increase the radius of the capsule component. That way the capsule connect with the wall/object before the camera.
Let me know if that works with your setup.
One last thing I noticed that this works for walls and objects but when I fall to the ground (simulating physics) sometimes the camera still clip through it, I know why this happens but I think there's no way to fix it without moving the camera right?
Yeah, the camera itself doesn't have any sort of collision you can enable. Most games handle this by moving the camera into the 3rd person when the player dies. This is usually because ragdolls can be a little unpredictable.
yes but some games manage to make first person ragdoll experience like GTA 5 Is there any chance I can realize something like this with unreal engine 4?
Yeah, especially if you were to dip into code, I'm sure there is several different ways to achieve this. However, here is one possible solution without changing/adding code.
Make a second Physics Asset that has a larger Physics Body for the head. You only want to use this while your character is rag-dolled because the physics bodies also act as hit

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.63591
Retrieved Text: SYNOPSIS: Trims of Donald Campbell doing speed trials in the Bluebird K7 boat.
SHOTLIST: 10:00:00 Lake - boat comes from L to R as camera follows then stops. Huge wake plume behind. 10:00:27 Another shot of the same. 10:00:48 Cuts of BlueBird being filled with fuel and checked by a BP team member, BP Shield branding. 10:01:08 Camera on tripod, following BlueBird, then the boat speeding past, very distant. 10:01:19 The boat goes by again, closer to the camera. Better quality picture. 10:01:35 Donald Campbell in the BlueBird K7, talking to a BP Racing Service person (back to camera). Different angle. Good footage of Campbell, who stands (wearing a bow-tie). Grabs teddy bear, takes off helmet. 10:02:11 Taking photographs of the boat, photographers from behind. Boat moored in the water. Other angles of moored boat, service team. 10:02:43 MS of fuelling through a funnel, different angles. Close pan of boat. 10:03:04 Faded image, boat speeds across from R to L, then comes back. R to L again, and again. The camera has difficulty keeping up. 10:04:29 Brief glimpse of fishing raft, then BlueBird goes slowly in background. Lots of wake. 10:05:14 Very very distant BlueBird goes from R to L. 10:05:30 Man in sunglasses looks over equipment, radio. LS telescope and two men on short pier, panning as the BlueBird passes. Seated men with equipment, back to telescope. Reading equipment. 10:06:07 BlueBird K7 in the water, Campbell gestures to man in rowboat alongside. Engine fires up, shoots flame. White steam or mist billows from L to R.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.600677
Retrieved Text: An interior brick wall can be a focal point in your home, or it can just as easily be an eyesore. Old, crumbling or discolored brick can cause dust problems, clash with your paint and furniture, and be generally unappealing. You can cover up unattractive brick with drywall, or wood panels. Alternatively, a careful application of plaster can cover and refinish the wall. Your wall will be smooth and ready for paint or wallpaper.
Mix 2 tbsp. of dishwashing soap with warm water. Dip a sponge into the mixture and scrub the wall to remove all grease and grime. Dry the wall with a clean towel.
Install a 3/8-inch screed at the top and bottom of the wall. This will guide your plaster application, making it smooth. Drill the screeds into the wall with a drill and a masonry drill bit.
Mix one part Portland cement, four parts fine sand and one part lime. Stir in water slowly until the plaster is the consistency of peanut butter. One cubic foot of plaster will cover roughly 17 square feet of brick. Mix enough plaster for the entire wall.
Fill a spray bottle with water. Spray the wall to dampen the brick. Scoop out the plaster with a trowel and spread 3/8 inch of plaster onto the brick. Start with the trowel at a 45-degree angle and scrape the plaster onto the wall, ending with the trowel at a 30-degree angle. Continue across the wall until you've covered the space.
Let the plaster dry slightly. While it's still mostly damp, take a straight

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.56317
Retrieved Text: Seasickness is not caused by motion: it's caused by a sensory conflict between the inner ear, close-focus vision and far-focus vision.
The proof of this can be found by any person trying to read while riding smoothly on a straight-away in a luxury car. Not much motion to speak of, but plenty of sensory conflict between the close-focus vision trying to concentrate on the book being read, and the far-focus vision peripherally picking up scenery moving outside of the car.
The only way to cure seasickness is to get all three senses lined up. On my boat, whenever someone appears to slowly be turning green, I put that poor soul behind the wheel of the boat, point to some landmark far away on land, and tell them to steer towards it for the next half hour.
That action brings all three senses into line and removes the conflict. It also takes away the fear of loss of control that most people new to boating feel when coming aboard.
Some people seem to want to get seasick: that's all I can conclude by their actions prior to coming aboard for an afternoon sail. Here's how they accomplish it: eat a lot of greasy food, drink alcohol, smoke, and do not bring any items of clothing that will keep you warm in an offshore ocean breeze.
Here's a tip to boat owners: if you happen to notice that a guest seems hesitant to make that giant leap of several inches from the dock step onto the boat - without a net - grab

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: More and more people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in effort to protect their skin. a small blue bottle of the sun screen... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: appears and then different people carry it to a table where they mix the liquid with a straw with a straw and take turns squirting the liquid into their skin.

Ending 2: appears near each of their hair as they continue to talk but no bottle at all appear.

Ending 3: is then shown and several more people begin talking about the product.

Ending 4: zooms in on sheers that they have on the floor.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.23187
Retrieved Text: Sometimes you have to pull out all the stops to get kiddos excited about letters! I always try to think outside the box on different activities we can do with letters.
Last week I saw these letter block molds in my closet, and I immediately thought we could use them to create LETTER VOLCANOES! I knew my students would go crazy for this activity. If you don’t have letter blocks like this, use letter cookie cutters!
To set up the letter activity, you need to put the letters and small plastic bowls in the bottom of a large tub. Then sprinkle baking soda over their entire tray filling the letters and small bowls.
The small bowls are plastic and about an inch deep. I LOVE using these little bowls I found at the Dollar Tree for so many things.
Fill squirt bottles with vinegar and add food coloring to each bottle. These bottles are the perfect way to sneak in fine motor work too. I found these squirt bottles in the Target Dollar Spot this summer.
If you don’t have squirt bottles, you could put cups of colored vinegar in the corner of each tub. Students then use droppers to squirt the vinegar.
Let the fun begin! Students can squirt the letters to make letter volcanoes! Talk about the letters and the sounds they make as they play and learn.
Is the letter in their name or their friend’s name?
What are some words that begin with that letter?
Notice and talk about how the letter looks. Does the letter have straight lines or curvy

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.03049
Retrieved Text: Shooting Shots just got a whole lot more fun with the "Liquored Up" Pecker Party Squirt Bottle! Fill this party squirt bottle with your favorite alcohol and point it in your friends direction and shoot streams of alcohol down their willing and ready throats! For an added smile just twist the dial to a spray and let the alcohol fun begin!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.002127
Retrieved Text: Ever since the first chain was put on a bicycle people have had heated debates on the best way to lubricate it. There are all kinds of lubricants, anything from bio degradable vegetable based oils, to high tech synthetic lubricants with nano-particles.
There many opinions on what is best, but that also depends on what aspects you think are important, and the conditions you ride in.
My my bicycle has a fully exposed chain with an internal gear hub. It's mostly used for weekend trips on the road, so mostly dry conditions. The bicycle is stored inside, and has to be carried up the stairs, and will also be regularly taken into trains. For me it is therefor important that the chain is clean and does not leave greasy stains on anything that touches it.
It was several years ago when I first learned about Squirt. St first everybody was rather skeptical because it is well known that wax based lubricants don't work that well. Soon it turned out that out this stuff was the real deal: decent lubrication that lasts longer than any other wax, yet does not attract dirt.
For my new bicycle I wanted to get some Squirt, but not many bike shops have it. I looked into ordering it online, but shipping costs were significant. Then I found out that Santos, a Dutch manufacturer of high end bicycles now recommends Squirt chain lube, and all their dealers sell it. So after locating the nearest dealer which happened to be in town I was able to buy

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.91733
Retrieved Text: Drying basil is quick, easy and economical. You can dry fresh basil that you grow yourself or basil purchased from a store.
Basil is an annual herb plant, grown mostly for its rich, wonderful flavor. It's used in many cuisines, from Italian to Thai. Basil comes in many varieties and flavors. The most common type is sweet basil (Ocimum basilicum), used to make pesto and flavor Italian sauces. Thai basil has a spicy, licorice-like flavor and is great in Thai and other Asian cuisines. Other flavors of basil to try include cinnamon, lemon and lime-scented varieties that make interesting oil and vinegar infusions for salads and other uses.
Basil has a long history in the annals of herbal medicine, but most of the ancient texts are more folklore than fact. Dioscorides, an ancient Greek physician, and Nicholas Culpeper, the great 17th century herbalist, touted basil as a remedy for scorpion stings. Fortunately, scorpion stings aren't that common.
The easiest way to use basil as a healing herb is to simply add fresh chopped sweet basil to salads, green smoothies, and soups. You can also purchase basil essential oil. Use as directed.
Nothing beats fresh basil leaves picked right off the plant for flavor. Drying basil in the summer or fall ensures a good supply all year long. Basil purchased from the supermarket can also be dried. This is especially useful if you happen to find bunches of basil on sale. You can easily purchase extra and preserve it for future use.
Air dying basil is one of the most common techniques.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.337244
Retrieved Text: A day at the pool can be fun on its own, but it’s even more fun when you can enjoy a few fun pool games with you family. It doesn’t matter if you’re looking to just splash around or to compete with each other—there are games out there for all kinds of families. Below are five of the best pool games you can play with your family.
One of the classic swimming pool games, that is still entertaining, is Marco Polo. Marco Polo doesn’t require much more than a few willing people and a tolerance for loud noises. If you’ve never played before, the game is simple—one person is “it” and must find the other players. Complicating things is the fact that this player must keep his or her eyes closed. He or she yells “Marco” and all other players must respond “Polo.” This is a simple game, but one that is very fun game, and a game that is known for its ability to devolve into absolute silliness in just a few moments.
The Invisible Bottle game is a fantastic way to put everything your children have learned at their swim school to work. All you need for this game is a clear bottle. Drop the bottle down to the bottom of the pool and challenge the kids to find it. The clear bottle should make it blend in with the bottom of the pool, which can make this game last far longer than you might imagine. This is a game for strong swimmers, so make sure

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.179216
Retrieved Text: There's a Dragon in my Art Room: Thumbs up to this idea! Why didn't I think of that?
Thanks for the tip! I believe you are correct!!
I am definitively looking for some of those before school starts!
I use paint pumps, always have, and have developed a good system for working with them. Number 1 - don't let the kids use them, as it is too tempting to not over squirt and end up with paint everywhere! 2 - as the paint finishes off and gets harder to pump out, pull out the new bottle, shove the pump into the new bottle and take the lid from the new bottle and put it on the old bottle (same colour of course!) Turn the old bottle, with lid on, upside down in a bucket. An ordinary bucket will hold 3 or 4 bottles upside down. The next time you need that colour check the bucket first and if the remaining paint has all run DOWN to the top of the bottle, when you release the lid all that usually hard to get at paint will rush out of the bottle with the help of gravity. The longer you leave the bottle sitting upside down the more you will get out of it. I can truly say I get virtually all the paint out of my bottles with this system!
But as for the clogging, yes it does happen. I have heard that using a blob of blutack works well but I never remember to do it. I generally use my

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.082619
Retrieved Text: What is the screen washer/what does it do?
Windscreen washers are a simple but effective way of cleaning the windscreen enabling the driver to have a clear view front and rear. They are compulsory on any car with a fixed (i.e. non-opening) windscreen. A windscreen washer motor drives a pump which forces water from a reservoir through a series of tubes leading to the washer jets which squirt water onto the screen. This water combined with the wiper blades action effectively washes and cleans the windscreen.
The screen washer reservoir is usually found in the front engine compartment. It is most commonly a moulded plastic bottle which will serve both front and rear screens. The motor and pump sit with the bottle and are activated by the driver with a lever on the steering column. The washer jets, usually two per screen, are situated externally and below the screen. These can be angled by the driver to maximise efficient washing of the screen.
Although clean water will effectively clean the screen there are many brands of screen wash available which, when added to the screen wash reservoir, will aid the cleaning process.
What if something goes wrong with the screen washer?
Common faults are failure of the motor/pump (water does not leave the reservoir), leaks in the plastic tubing that connects the reservoir to the washer jets, or the jets themselves being blocked and therefore unable to squirt water onto the windscreen.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.349558
Retrieved Text: A great addition for the Stationary Bottle Trees. The sanitizer injector is easy to use, and saves a lot of time. Simply fill the reservoir with sanitizer solution, press your bottle down on the injector spout to squirt sanitizer inside your bottle, and let the bottle dry upside down on the bottle tree.
Hoping this helps ease one of the more tedious parts of bottling day.
Wanted to eliminate the use of a funnal when quickly rinsing bottles with starsan.
Better than submerging bottles in a bucket.
This product works great!!! It takes a whole lotta time off of my bottling days. I would recommend this product to anyone who bottles.
Works well. Tip seems to have been cut slightly off so instead of spraying diectly to the bottom of the bottle it hits the outer rim of bottom of bottle. Easily counteracted by rotating bottle to get total coverage. Very pleased with product other than that slight miss in the quality control process.
I really like this apparatus. My final rinse when prepping bottles for future bottling sessions is with Starsan, and prior to purchasing this, I was using a small funnel to pour a small amount of Starsan into each bottle. This really speeds up the tedium of bottle prep.
Product works great on all size bottles with a small amount of StarSan. I don't use a bottle tree so this version is perfect. A few squirts into the bottle then into the fast rack.
This is a very efficient way to sanitize bottles. Uses very little sanitizer and is very quick.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.296967
Retrieved Text: Lakme Sun Expert Fairness + UV Lotion is a broad spectrum sunscreen formulation which contains SPF 24 and PA++ that shields skin from UVA and UVB rays.
The product comes in a warm yellow colored curvy plastic bottle and is travel friendly. The bottle looks stylish! It has a flip cap which is spillage-free. And all the necessary information is mentioned on the bottle.
It’s milky white in color and it is non-runny in consistency. This makes it difficult to use the product from the bottle, when it is about to finish. The product feels light on the skin and takes a little while to get absorbed into the skin. It has standard Lakme sun screens smell- sweet and a bit chemical-ly.
It has SPF 24 that means this sun screen needs to be re-applied after every 4 hours, if you are staying out under the sun that long. It provides both UVA rays and UVB rays protection. PA++ means it provides medium UVA protection. If you have medium tone skin or medium fair skin, then SPF 24 is okay to use. But if you very fair or have pale skin then you need higher SPF protection, in that case this sun screen is not what you need.
I have been using this sun screen for more than a month now. Initially, I used this on my face, neck and arms. But using it on my face, it made my skin sweaty so I had to discontinue using it on my face. :/ Also if applied more, it feels bit

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.258709
Retrieved Text: Late summer means preparation and training for the arrival of fall hunting—mourning doves, teal, and other winged pursuits. These months also boast some of the hottest temperatures, so it's also important to make sure your dog stays safe. He is your eyes, ears, and hunting partner, so you need him working at peak performance and not succumbing to heat exhaustion. Take a look at how you can keep your dog cool on his feet and flying after those birds.
If your dog is a sedentary family dog during the off-season, you could be setting him up to suffer from a heat-related illness when hunting time arrives. Your dog needs time—more than just a few days—to get into shape and acclimated to the heat of the outdoors.
Try to work your dog throughout the year rather than let him play around, especially in the spring and summer. Before it starts to heat up, begin with an hour of training in the morning and again in the evening. Start slowly and build up the amount of endurance by having him run and perform retrieving drills. Make the workouts fun and give him breaks to get a drink of water.
You may not realize it, but your dog can get hot in your truck too. Have him travel in a well-ventilated crate and in a well-ventilated part of your vehicle. Make sure he has water available. If you have more than one dog, give them each their own crate to stay cool. If you can, only travel during the late evening or

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.737675
Retrieved Text: I love to cook. I hate to clean. I will grudgingly clean my messes after I make them, and have recently learned to clean as I cook, which saves time in the end, but I still hate it. Needless to say, aside from the grate, I have not cleaned my gas grill in more than a year. Unfortunately, after all that time, the greasy build up is volatile, waiting for the right moment to ignite.
Have you ever looked down into the guts of your grill and seen the nastiness waiting below? I use my grill frequently, and so I had more than a year of melted fat, carbonized grease, and mildly burnt meat parts, all built into a thick layer of detritus coating the bottom. The way my grill is built, I would have to mildly exert myself to see the bottom - very mildly; the grates and the heat diffusers partially block the view. And, I would have to be motivated to acknowledge how disgusting it is. The grossness just gathers, fuel for a future fire.
I think the same can be said about ourselves. If we looked deep inside, would we see the leavings of arguments unresolved, family and friend drama, social opinions we aren’t sure we really believe anymore? These are all the elements of yesterday’s version of us. As we grow and move towards who we are, we leave the remnants of who we were behind. Sometimes, these little bits are just as flammable as the nast collected at the bottom of my

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.701763
Retrieved Text: It should tell us something that the nation’s pediatricians are alarmed about the media exposure of our children and teenagers. We should know that “there is no such thing as an educational program” for very young children and that what children really need is face time with parents and the experience of hands-on play.
Christian parents must consider this research carefully and candidly. We know that every technology comes with its own dangers, and the technologies of the screen offer subtle dangers as well as more obvious problems. We must prepare our children and teenagers for life in a world filled with screens, and this will be no easy task. But it starts with parents exercising control and preventing the alarming levels of screen exposure this research reveals.
Scientists are beginning to document the effects of digital exposure on the brain. They are finding that everything from phone calls (remember those?) to e-mail and text messages exacts a toll on the brain’s ability to concentrate and focus. Furthermore, they have identified a physiological reward for digital stimulation—a “dopamine squirt.” That little squirt of dopamine in the brain serves as a physiological pay-off for digital stimulation, and it can be habit-forming.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.480602
Retrieved Text: ©2006 Publications International, Ltd. Vinegar can help keep your tent in proper shape.
Vinegar can be used in many wonderful ways outside your home. Vinegar is a great alternative to toxic chemicals for controlling weeds, pests, and disease in your yard. For example, vinegar (particularly apple cider vinegar) is a key ingredient in organic herbicides and fertilizers. This article includes various hints on how you can use vinegar with outdoors activities and maintenance projects. We'll start in the garden, where vinegar can do wonders.
: Remove stains that develop in clay flowerpots by filling them with 2/3 cold water and 1/3 vinegar. Let the pots soak until they look clean, then wash with soap and water, and rinse.
: A squirt of vinegar may help invigorate a plant and make it more resistant to disease and pests. Mix 1 ounce vinegar with 1 gallon compost tea, and use as a regular spray on garden plants.
: Mix 3 tablespoons natural apple cider vinegar in 1 gallon water. Fill garden sprayer with the mixture, and spray the roses daily to control black spot or other fungal diseases.
: If seedlings begin to mold while starting them in a damp medium, clean them with a solution of 1 part vinegar to 9 parts water, and transfer them to a new container. Spritz seeds regularly with this diluted mixture while awaiting germination.
: Boil 1 quart water, then add 2 tablespoons salt and 5 tablespoons vinegar. While still hot, carefully pour mixture directly onto weeds between the cracks on sidewalks and driveways.
You need a lot

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.429749
Retrieved Text: 1. Presoak the cedar plank in water for about an hour. Prepare the seasoning rub consisting of equal parts of salt or seasoned salt, lemon pepper, and dill seasoning. Rinse salmon in fresh cold water, then pat dry and set aside. Brush olive oil over the top and sides of salmon, then evenly sprinkle on the seasoning mix. Top with thin lemon slices, lemon juice, or lemon zest, then place salmon on top of the presoaked plank(s). Let the salmon sit on the counter for 30 minutes to absorb the seasonings and get to room temperature.
2. Fire up the grill on medium-high to high (about 450-500 degrees), and place the squirt bottle and metal spatula near the grill. After a few minutes, place the cedar plank containing the salmon in the middle of the grill. Watch the cedar plank during the first 8 to 10 minutes – lightly squirt water on any burning edges of the plank if it starts to flame up before 10 minutes. (a little flaming toward the end of 10 minutes is fine).
3. Depending on the grill temperature, the cedar plank should start catching fire after 12 to 15 minutes. At this point, if the cedar plank is on fire, put the spatula under the plank and turn it around to provide even distribution of the flames around the plank. Lightly spray water if necessary, but be careful not to put out the flame.
After about 15 minutes, let the flame completely engulf the salmon, blackening it. Depending on the grill temperature and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.216484
Retrieved Text: 1 gallon container of distilled water.
14 ounce bottle of Joy detergent.
Ideally you want just plain old Joy. Avoid the antibacterial, special scented kind, or concentrated varieties. You just want plain old Joy dish detergent.
The KY has a special polymers (polyethylene oxide and others) in it that makes the bubbles last a long time in the air.
Distilled water has very few dissolved impurities in it which helps make long lasting bubbles.
Pour about 1/4 gallon of the distilled water into the clean empty pitcher.
Squirt the entire bottle of KY Jelly into the 1 gallon plastic water bottle. Replace the cap and shake until nearly all the KY has dissolved. This is difficult, it will take a lot of shaking, probably 20 minutes or more. You can also shake for a while, let it sit, then come back and shake, etc.
Gently pour in the Joy detergent. Try not to make a lot of bubbles or foam.
Fill up the 1 gallon plastic container with the water you set aside in the first step.
Gently rock the container to mix.
Ideally, let this sit for a day. This allows any alcohols that are in the Joy to slowly come out of the solution.
Many people make bubble wands from an old metal coat hanger (if you have any) by bending them into a loop. These will work much better if you wrap some string around the metal loop. Does not have to be completely coated in string, but the more the better. This will allow more bubble solution to stick to the wand as

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.197989
Retrieved Text: These Pug water bottles are made of stainless steel and can hold up to 20 ounces of your favorite beverage. Stainless steel helps keep your beverage insulated. This material also prevents your beverages from absorbing unwanted flavors from your container, like plastic bottles do. Stainless steel bottles are naturally BPA free and eco-friendly since they are reusable. The antimicrobial quality of stainless steel makes this the perfect water bottle for long hikes or trips to the beach. This is a four piece water bottle set. The set includes a screw on cap, a carabiner, a squirt-top cover, and the bottle itself. The squirt tops are convenient for sports or while at the gym. The water bottle features wrap around art work displaying your favorite breed. The bottom of each bottle is lined with rubber to prevent the bottle from sliding or scratching surfaces.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.1574
Retrieved Text: The more I use my homemade cleaners, the more I like them. They’re cheap, they’re safe, natural and non-toxic, and most importantly, they work! They can get the house just as clean and fresh as any store bought cleaner without the unknown chemicals and annoying fumes.
Because I’m enjoying my homemade cleaners so much, I decided to create a group of recipes that together make a great homemade natural and non-toxic cleaning kit to cover many of the cleaning jobs in your home. If you’ve been thinking about giving homemade cleaners a try, this is a great way to get started.
This cleaning kit contains an all purpose spray, a soft scrub, a glass cleaner, a bucket mix for bigger cleaning jobs, and of course my very favorite homemade cleaner, my furniture dusting spray.
This spray is a good all purpose spray for many hard surfaces. The addition of tea tree oil to the recipe also gives it a boost of disinfecting power.
Combine the ingredients in a spray bottle and shake to mix. To use, spray onto surfaces and wipe with a cloth.
This homemade soft scrub recipe has a thinner consistency than my basic homemade soft scrub which makes it easier to put in a bottle and squirt onto the surfaces you want to clean. I like to put this mixture in a recycled dish soap bottle.
Place the baking soda in a small bowl. Add in the dishwashing liquid and stir to combine. Finally, stir in the club soda or water to thin the mixture. Pour the mixture into

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.126408
Retrieved Text: Blue, Squirt P4, Mini Pocket Tool With Pliers & Wire Cutters, Features Externally Opening Implements, Blue Anodized Scales, Tool Includes Knife, Screwdrivers, Awl & File, Closed Length Is 2-inches, No Sheath Required, Made In USA With Domestic & Foreign Parts.
This little leatherman is GREAT!
My kids got this for me for Christmas. I wasn't sure at first how much use it would see given its size but it has turned out to be a very handy little tool. From computer maintenance to small repairs, my full toolkit has been mostly collecting dust ever since the Squirt P4 was attached to my keychain.
Very handy tool, don't know what I did before.
In my job I do a lot of stuff that requires a person to cut, squeeze, and screw random stuff. Nothing is worse then getting to job site and realizing that you forgot the wire cutters, or screw driver and having to double back to the tool locker to get a pair.
This tool has been invaluable in taking care of those little jobs that sneak under the radar but need to be taken care of. All of that and being so easy to carry around make it one of my favorite little gadgets.
All the tools on the Squirt S4 (scissor version) and Squirt P4 (plier version) are the same except the S4 has a nice twizzer and an awful fingernail file (with ruler) whereas the P4 has a really really nice and useful 2-sided file and a very small awl. I wish Leatherman would replace the finfernail file

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.786667
Retrieved Text: Drew doesn't like to trace letters very often, at least not on paper, but he loves water so I knew he'd do this kind of tracing practice!
During nap time I went out to the patio and made some large letters and lines with chalk.
Then I filled some old condiment bottles with water.
When the kids woke up, I gave them each a bottle and told them to trace the lines with the water and make them disappear.
This was a big hit. I refilled those bottles many, many, many times. Drew started tracing the letters, then decided a broad sweeping motion across the entire patio would be more effective, and that of course led to drenching everyone and everything in sight.
Lainey went straight for trying to squirt her brother.
A nice thing about this activity that I didn't anticipate was the water made the chalk seem to disappear when it was wet, but once dry the letters were all still there so I didn't have to make them again.
After we did this activity, I saw a similar post at Train Up A Child. Be sure to check it out - she added a little something extra that I'm sure my kids would have loved!
I need to start saving those squeeze bottles. Love this idea. Will be pinning it to my literacy board.
Oh my goodness I love that you used recycled bottles to squirt! What a great motor activity as well as focusing on letters. This is great!
Great idea... and what kids doesn't like a squirty bottle!!
Oh! I love the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.773928
Retrieved Text: Buy Squirt Poppers online today with super fresh aromas delivered extra quick direct to your door.
Squirt is now available to buy online, our super fresh Squirt Poppers come in a convenient 10ml bottle, perfect for a night out or a cosy night in.
The super strong Squirt Room Aroma in its distinctive black and blue bottle is sure to fire your senses and ensure your squirt in the dirt dont hurt!!
Coming to you directly from the manufacturers of Liquid Gold, we deliver our aromas direct to your door conveniently from our warehouse, order up till 5pm for same day despatch of all your poppers orders.
1425-75; (v.) late Middle English squirten, apparently variant of swirten; cognate with Low German swirtjen in same sense; perhaps akin to swirl; (noun) late Middle English sqwyrt diarrhea, derivative of the v.
We ship all of our Squirt Poppers in unmarked secure boxes and packets, with no external markings as to the contents.
Quick, secure and Fast shipping – Order up to 5.30pm week days and we will post your Squirt Aromas direct to your door the sameday.
Squirt is 100% UK Legal formula bottle consists of all recommended safety labels including hazardous warnings, braille and childproof cap.
Over 18's only, do NOT inhale direct from the bottle, do not ingest, Squirt Poppers are poisonous, flammable and can cause severe burns to skin and eyes.
Sorry to hear this wasnt up to our usual standards, remind me on next order and will send you something.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.667145
Retrieved Text: Skeleton screen or Splash screen?
Recently I had to debate over the usage of a skeleton screen vs a splash screen for web pages or web apps, although I am not a fan of either solutions here are my thoughts on the topic.
Fist things first, if you can avoid any of the above this would be the way to go, if you are on the other hand forced to decide between them you will find that each has a place and a time when it should or shouldn't be used. Forget the trends or the classic "Apple does this in ...." because I heard it so many times and some use this as a sole argument. Let's look deeper into the subject, later you can decide which one to use.
Read more: Skeleton screen or Splash screen?
After I finished the first test with the Ethernet shield and serving your own page from Arduino (see post here Arduino - Talking plant, with HTTP server (or how to see sensor data via internet)) I said, ok, but if I don't have my own static IP address!?!? Most of us don't have a static IP address at home. Yeah it was fun with the other one to play in a LAN or use the university network to get an own IP, but at home this device renders useless. I tried with other social networks or email providers but it looks like Facebook, Yahoo mail and Gmail have quite some problems talking with Arduino and Arduino has some problems talking with them,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.660109
Retrieved Text: Recycled bottle painting for vibrant, colourful artworks by kids. Use your recycled bottle to create a paint caddy for little hands.
Sometimes it's the simple things that keep children busy and parents marveling at the wonder of a child's imagination and creativity.
My recycled bottle squirt painting is certainly one of these activities and we do it regularly, especially in the warmer times of the year when water play is such fun.
So how simple is it really to organise and set up? Let me show you!
Raid your recycle bin for small plastic bottles and give them a good wash. Juice, water and tomato paste bottles are just the right size for little hands.
When you have washed your bottles pierce a hole in each lid, I find metal cake skewers perfect for this job!
The tomato paste bottles already have their own hole which is nice and handy and they are a little easier for younger toddlers to squeeze as well.
Now simply fill the bottles with some water and food colouring or edicol paint dyes and don't show the kids until you get them safely off your beige carpet and outside onto the grass!
I like to spread a little paper towel onto a table and then show them how to squeeze the bottles to make patterns . The towel soaks up a lot of the paint and bleeds into the next colour added to produce some stunning masterpieces!
And if you dry the paper towel you will have some lovely artworks for your windows. They look very special with the sun

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.56452
Retrieved Text: Home / Newsletter Articles / Sequence the Summer Away!
Ah, summer! It’s the time that most of us spend outside–at the pool, relaxing in the sun, and just having fun. We often look at our NACD programs as a separate part of our day, but that doesn’t have to be the case. You can make your program a part of your day and have fun doing it.
Summer is a great time to advance your child’s sequential processing. There are many fun ideas to incorporate while outside in the water or while playing in the back yard. It is simply a matter of remembering to look for opportunities. I hope the following suggestions spur you on to think about how to incorporate processing into your fun-filled days.
Squirt guns – I have two boys and a girl. My boys LOVE squirt guns. We turn this into a processing activity like this: I hold the gun filled with water and give a sequence to one of the boys. If they get it right, I squirt them. They love it! (If your child doesn’t like to get wet, then only squirt them if they get the sequence incorrect.) I switch between the two boys, squirting at them after getting a sequence correct. I only spend a few minutes doing it, but it produces very HIGH intensity! If they BOTH do well, then they get to squirt at me!
For the little ones – take advantage of pool time, sprinklers, and playing at the park or swinging. My daughter loves me to throw

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.555397
Retrieved Text: LIfe's too short to drink boring drinks. So drink this, not that.
For a lot of people, happy hour couldn't come around soon enough. But whether that happy hour starts at noon, when the work day is done or any other time, life is too precious to spend it drinking less-than-stellar drinks.
For the summer 2018 edition of the Source Weekly's Happy Hour Guide, we asked local bartenders to weigh in on the drinks people tend to order time and time again—and what those people should be drinking at each bartender's respective bar instead. Should you sport a Squirt in you drink, dear Central Oregonians, or is there something more exciting you could be sipping right now?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.415731
Retrieved Text: Xia and Keng together at their Dance.
Three Cities is a film about three young boys and their love triangle. One is from Beijing, one is from Taipei and the other is from Hong Kong.
The starts starts off of Xia, a young boy, admiring to one day be a writer, an artist and a photographer. Lost and dazed, he meets a young boy over the internet from Beijing, Cal. They start talking for a while, and eventually, Xia starts falling for him as they both explore one another sexuality with each other. Xia then flies all the way to meet each other, where they meet for the very first time together.
Xia returns back home, and Cal eventually starts to ignore him. Xia learns about Cal's old crush, Keng from Taipei and how for so many long years, has tried to win his heart. Cal eventually breaks up with Xia, breaking Xia's heart and Cal leaves him to try to get into a relationship with Keng.
Xia feeling upset, decides to take the risk and starts talking to Keng, spiteful of him for taking away his first relationship away from him. As they begin to talk more, Keng eventually begins to fall for Xia. 2 weeks of talking, Keng ask him to be his date to a school dance, where Xia accepts. He flies to Taipei where they meet for the first time together. Xia lives with Keng for 2 weeks, as they begin to develop more feelings for each other. Keng and Xia makes a promise to one

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.206438
Retrieved Text: The Adventure Starts Here: Happy 24 Months (aka 2 years) Noah!
Noah is no longer a baby! Not only is he 2, but he just looks like a little boy now instead of a baby. While I loved the newborn stage and definitely miss all those milestones, I'm so excited for who my little boy is becoming!
This month we celebrated my dad's 70th birthday and also went to Cayla's 2nd birthday party. We did a lot of fall activities... nature walk, pumpkin patch, apple picking, and raking leaves. We also took some family pictures and are dying to get them back!
We go for his 2 year appointment tomorrow, so here are some more unofficial stats. Per our scale and measuring tape, Noah weighs 30.2 lbs (down a little from last month) and is still 36 inches tall. Now that Noah is thinning out and growing taller, I prefer the Carter's sweatpants... he wears a 2T in them. He wears 2T (3T in Carters) in tops. I like PJs looser so he wears a 3T (4T in Carters) in those. He wears a size 7.5 in shoes.
Sleep is pretty much the same. Going to bed around 9pm most nights and waking twice during the night before getting up for good between 7:30 and 8. Naps are hit or miss. On average I'd say he sleeps for about 1.5-2 hours. Some (horrible) days he sleeps less than an hour while once in a while he will sleep for 3 hours (usually when we have afternoon plans ;).
How old are

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.031956
Retrieved Text: ...packs a ferocious difficulty level and a protagonist that makes Fireman Sam look like a weakling... Not only is it one of the best games of 2015 (so far), it’s one of the best games on Playstation Vita. Period.
Flame Over gives you the true feeling of what it's like to be a firefighter. It's scary, clostrophobic, and it sure as hell isn't easy, but it's gives you the rush, and it's an experience you'll be eager to repeat once you get the taste for it.
Flame Over is tough. Brutally tough... it’ll keep you wanting to come back for more punishment.
We want you to experience Flame Over the hard way, learning for yourself like the Roguelikes of old; NetHack, and others we love. Here's some help to experience the game in the best way.
Make sure you play the game in FIRE DRILL mode to begin with!! It'll show you everything you need to know and gives you tons of starting health and powerups. Enjoy!
Stand back from fires. If the Danger Meter around Blaze fills up you'll lose a heart.
If you're getting hurt you can always leave the room and regenerate health.
If you soak an area with your hose, fire takes longer to spread there!
The extinguisher is VERY effective, but doesn’t soak objects, so be sure to follow up with a squirt of the hose.
The hose really is your best friend, but the extinguisher deals with lots of close-up fires very quickly. Use them to complement each other.
Use the RB button (Xbox controller) or ‘X’ key to throw

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.949362
Retrieved Text: Oracle buys BEA, Sun buys MySql, and we get what? – Musings of a confused technology addict.
Oracle buys BEA, Sun buys MySql, and we get what?
For the Sun purchases MySql news, I am more thrilled. I have used and benefited from free software (as in freedom of speech) a lot in the past, but the issue with various customers has always been the same. You get into a meeting, offer a solution that contains an open source DB or development environment or middleware, and you get the exact same question everytime: “Who supports that?”. Customers are crazy about hearing a vendor name, a well known brand, whether or not they are going to buy support. They just want to know that some giant name is out there. When Sun started selling support for PostgreSql on Solaris, I started using this argument, and the outcomes were shocking. When I said to people “PostgreSql is supported on Solaris by Sun Microsystems”, suddenly everybody was much more inclined to consider my suggestions. Even if we were talking about some configuration that is far from the one supported by Sun, people had the impression that I was talking about something that was worthy of Sun Microsystem’s support. It is some form of approval according to them.
And what is the benefit for open source/free software community? I’ve already seen a dozen arguments how corporate world is taking over freedom, but in my opinion, this is great. This is great since open source solutions will not be mature enough till they face

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.914858
Retrieved Text: Latest Appearance "Afterlife of the Party"
Huggly Bear is a stuffed teddy bear toy, and Buttsquat owns several of them. He first appears in "Doo Doo Doomsday," and becomes the main antagonist in "Terror From The Toybox."
Huggly Bear is a soft teddy bear that has both a squeaker and a voice clip that makes him say sentences like "I love you forever." He is powered by two batteries located in a compartment in his back. It's implied that he is a some-what popular toy, as Buttsquat owned at least four before his current one was transformed.
After being barfed up, electrocuted, and dipped in toxic waste, Huggly becomes a dangerous object that can hypnotise people. He even becomes alive, and will turn angry if separated from the people he hypnotises.
Normally, Huggly Bear only has the ability to squeak and to speak, due to the contents inside him. He can also become easy to bond with, as shown when Buttsquat bonded with his Huggly Bear.
However, after Huggly was mutated, he gained the power of hypnosis. If someone looks into his eyes when they glow red, the person will become instantly attracted to him, being extremely obsessive and protective of Huggly. If he hypnotises multiple people, they will ruthlessly fight over the bear. The easiest way to reverse the hypnosis is to remove his two batteries, though the hypnosis can also be broken by hypnotising the person to believe they don't love Huggly.
Along with the power of hypnosis, Huggly has also become alive, climbing out of Mt. Fittoblow when he

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.881554
Retrieved Text: Barolo and Barbaresco are often referred to as the King and Queen of Italian wines, so on our trip through Piedmont with our friend and wine expert Ceri Smith, visiting these two villages was our highest priority.
The hilltop town of Barbaresco is so beautiful and quaint – it’s an absolute must if you’re visiting Piedmont. High on the hill, Barbaresco is filled with pastel colors and views between the buildings of vineyards and a river down below. We stopped into the Produttori del Barbaresco, which is a wine collective, for a tasting. The Produttori has 54 members (individual grape farmers), and the winery combines the fruit grown by each member (which may not be enough to bottle separately) and each year produces a Barbaresco D.O.C.G. wine and a Nebbiolo Langhe wine. In exceptional years, the winery may produce single-vineyard Barbaresco from certain classic villages.
If you’re not familiar, Barolo and Barbaresco are both made from the Nebbiolo grape, which has been grown in Italy’s Piedmont region since the 13th century. The grape is very sensitive to different soil types, which explains why the wines produced in these two regions from the same grape can taste so markedly different.
Barbaresco starts off very tannic (although more elegant than Barolo), so it needs 4-8 years of bottle age before it really starts to shine. The Nebbiolo Langhe bottling is much more approachable and more suited for everyday occasions. We actually found it on a wine list in the Bay Area at a group dinner and ordered a bottle — our

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A group of boys are standing in a room with many clear cups of beer on a table they are all standing around. the boys... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: take a flute together and then begin to play the harmonica using it to play the tune.

Ending 2: begin to wrap red bow around the plastic cups, put bows on the bottoms _start_various objects on the foam covers and belongings to the floor.

Ending 3: talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups.

Ending 4: all grab one and chug their contents of the cans.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.96593
Retrieved Text: 1 b&w; image of group of people in a room eating and drinking. They are crowded around a long table. Majority of people are standing along the sides of the room. 5 are seated on benches along the table. Full bottles of Barq's root beer are on the table. People are eating off paper plates with spoons.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.523613
Retrieved Text: “Ultimate Games Guide” is a 52 page ebook which teaches you how to play dozens of the all-time best beer games and party games.
Again as with most games of this sort variations exist from region to region. Beer Pong game requires more of an equipment investment, but will provide hours of entertainment. You need a ping pong ball and a flat table, Beer Pong Tables are available and are made to the right specifications for the game; however a beer pong table can be fashioned from any ordinary Ping Pong table, kitchen table or outside trestle table, you also need 12-20 Pints (474ml glasses) preferable plastic ones, half filled with beer – low alcohol beer is preferable. And two teams of any number of players.
Each team has 6 or 10 cups of beer arranged in a triangle formation, they each take turns to serve the ball at the opposing teams beer cups, when a ball is successfully landed into an opponents cup, a member of that team must drink the contents of the cup. The loser is the team that has to drink all their cups first. There are many different rules about the serving methods, contents of the cups and other aspects of the beer game.
Awesome guys, I experience been look for this info whole around, there are no online information or any website or articles indited virtually this information. I went an email about this from my friend, it was selfsame important for me. The information you people receive given here is really selfsame

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.458126
Retrieved Text: Beer Pong is a popular drinking game that is played around the world and is also known by the name of Beirut. The game consists of two opposing teams, the players of which attempt to throw a ping pong ball across the table with a view to ensuring it lands in a cup of beer on the other side.
Beer pong is popular in wide range of venues such as bars, colleges, universities as well as house parties. It is thought to have evolved from similar games played at the fraternities of the Ivy League Dartmouth college in Hanover, New Hampshire. Here, the game began actually using bats and a net and resembled table tennis, but over time the game has become simpler and the use of bats or paddles has ceased. Because Beer Pong is a fun and informal drinking game, no official body or organisation exists to oversee the game and its rules, however there is a World Series of Beer Pong. It remains a popular game that requires a surprising amount of skill as well as a dash of luck, but because the game traditionally involves the use of alcohol, it should only be played by players who are of legal drinking age where the game is played.
The object of Beer Pong is for one team to win the game by successfully eliminating all of their opponent's cups. As this is a game that nearly always combines alcohol and students, then getting drunk is often seen by many as being the other object of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.162148
Retrieved Text: AUGUSTA, Ga. — The most coveted souvenir at the Masters is found in the garbage.
Grown men attending the event can occasionally be seen sifting through refuse bins to seize this prized jewel with the distinctive Masters logo.
If retrieved, it will be lovingly ushered off the grounds. Days later, it will assume a place of honor, perhaps featured next to heirloom porcelain in a glass dining room cabinet.
In Masters parlance, it is a keepsake unlike any other.
The treasure is a seven-inch-tall plastic cup used to serve $2 sodas or $4 beers to spectators during the Masters. Since it can be obtained only at Augusta National Golf Club during the annual tournament, it is zealously hoarded.
Just setting foot inside the stately gates of Augusta National can make fully grown adults behave strangely. Some kiss the ground, while others cry, overcome upon arriving at a place they have dreamed of visiting for decades. One man famously tried to steal a cup of sand and ended up in jail.
With security paramount, there is a long list of prohibitions. Collecting drinking cups, however, isn’t one of them.
Which leads to a familiar Masters sight: A cavalcade of spectators, numbering in the thousands, walking around the property with four to 10 of the lightweight cups stacked in one hand, if not both.
It is the ultimate Masters insiders’ tip. Don’t buy the $30, 16-ounce, logo-adorned stainless steel tumbler at the retail shop when you can get the Everyman plastic version at an 80 to 90 percent discount at concessions stands all over the golf

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.771982
Retrieved Text: Beer pong isn’t just for undergrad college students anymore. It has become one of the most popular drinking games around the world, enjoyed by millions. With the best beer pong table, you can be sure that your drinking game will be enjoyed multiple times without having to worry about a table that is breakable, too small, or not portable enough to take to the location where you wish to play the game, such as a tailgate before a game or event. Unfortunately, there are a lot of these tables on the market, and it can be very difficult to determine which one to buy, and which ones rather to skip.
We’ve researched and discovered the seven top-rated beer pong table, as well as the worst one to avoid.
How do you set up beer pong?
After extensive research into various options, we found that the best beer pong table of 2019 is the Professional Beer Pong Table With Optional Cup Holders. As the name implies, you can select to have this particular option with or without the cup holders. While some people do enjoy this feature, others do not, adding greater flexibility to your purchase. This product is an eight-feet table that comes with high-resolution graphics, along with a pong ball holder that is attached to the table. The table also provides a blank space where you can specify your own rules for playing beer pong on your table.
The best table for beer pong in cases where you might want to spend extra money on a product that you

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.199713
Retrieved Text: Description This black and white photograph was taken during mealtime at the Immanuel Children's Home in Omaha. A large group of boys and girls are seated around two long tables covered with white tablecloths. Two deaconesses, wearing uniforms and caps, are seated with the children, one at the head of each table. A third woman wearing glasses is standing in the back of the room, holding a pitcher. A bowl, cup, and spoon are set on the table before each child. A serving bowl of food, bread and a pitcher are in the center of each table. The large dining room has dark wood paneling halfway up the walls, and photographs are hung above the paneling. A hutch where dishes are displayed is in the far left corner.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.515923
Retrieved Text: Beer pong is one of the most popular drinking games in the world. It has many special rules and variations. Since this is a party games site, I'll present the simplest and most fun version that will get your guests drinking and having fun, plus some solutions for those that don't have enough space or the whole beer pong equipment.
The game is always played between two teams or two players. Whenever a cup is hit, the opposing player/team has to down that cup of beer and the cup is removed from the table.
If you have a beer pong table, another kind of a big table or a pingpong table, you can play two sided. Arrange ten cups on each side. Each team takes a side and shoots ping pong balls into the cup of the opposite team.
Don't have a beer pong table or a big kitchen table? No problem. Set up the cups on your table, but only on one side. Each team then takes turns throwing the ball. You can play two rounds for each pair of teams to make up for the lack of one side.
There are some special rules that you can implement or should discus before the start of the game.
Whenever someone bounces the ball of the table and hits a cup, the opposite team has to drink that cup plus another one.
How far across the table can you reach when throwing the ball? Wrist or elbows behind the edge? You should decide before you start playing.
You could allow re-stacking of the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.47537
Retrieved Text: I’m a busy guy, so I prefer to have the things I like to be combined and packaged together for the sake of expediency. I enjoy a little peanut butter in my chocolate, and I love the swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated. So naturally, as a person who plays ping-pong and drinks beer, I love the game of beer pong. For those of you who aren’t quite as sophisticated as me, allow me to explain the finer points of the trend that is sweeping college campuses these mid-week afternoons.
The beautiful (and oftentimes annoying) thing about beer pong is the rules are different depending on which part of the world you’re playing in. Actually, the rules may differ from room to room in the frat house. I’ll stick to the World Series of Beer Pong rules, since they will be the ones used during the championships held in Vegas, Jan. 1 through 5, 2010. Yes, believe it or not, there is a championship for throwing a ping-pong ball into a cup full of Pabst Blue Ribbon. For the first time in history, a person can be a world-class athlete while drinking beer, though I don’t believe anyone can get a scholarship to Stanford for it … yet.
Beer pong has some technical rules (nerds who care about stuff like the required 27.5-inch table height can go to bpong.com and learn about the league cup size down to the millimeter). There are also some very un-technical rules, like, “No player may take offense to anything said or done during

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.430208
Retrieved Text: Details: Find a good deal. Up to 29% off Tables, Cups, Tournaments & more.
Details: Choose from various 8-foot aluminum tables.
Details: Enjoy some savings! Up to 13% off Beer Pong Tables & more.
Details: Fantastic special offer! Up to 29% off Party Supplies.
Details: Save on beer pong tables, beer pong balls, cups, racks, apparel and more.
Details: Beer pong starter kits come with racks, cups, and balls.
Shop with BPONG coupons and land deals on beerpong tables, rack kits, cups, t-shirts, and more.
When you’re ready to take your beer pong play to the next level, BPONG is ready to help. The Las Vegas-based company sells beer pong tables, racks, and cups in addition to running the National Beer Pong League and sponsoring the annual World Series of Beer Pong, which features a grand prize of $50,000. BPONG also has all the information you need to get started, with complete rules, forums, event listings, and more.
Party more and spend less with BPONG online coupons. Set up your rec room, add a table to your bar or club, or get your team ready for competitions.
Save on fun, learn more about the sport, and find gear that will last when you shop with BPONG coupon codes.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.226213
Retrieved Text: Shop glassware personalized with choice of wedding design and up to 3 lines of custom print for wedding guest favors. Choose from a variety of glassware sizes and styles including shot glasses, shooter glasses, pint beer glasses, stemless wine glasses, champagne flutes, mugs and more. Personalized glassware favors are affordable, reusable, and unique to your wedding. Personalized glassware is dishwasher safe and will last for many years to come.
Use favor glasses to serve beer, wine, champagne, juices, or hot beverages during your wedding reception. Guests can take their wedding glass souvenir home to display in a curio or china cabinet, home bar, or family glass cupboard. Glassware like coffee mugs, stemless wine glasses and pint beer glasses can also be used for DIY favors. Fill each glass with candy, nuts, or snack mix for guests to enjoy before or after the main course. Small shot glasses and stemless wine glasses are great for creating tasty dessert cups and make wonderful dessert table displays.
Inviting out-of-town guests for your wedding weekend? Add a couple personalized stemless wine glasses and a bottle of your favorite wine to your wedding welcome bags along with cheese and crackers. Guests will be ecstatic when they find a gift bag filled with wine gifts, comfort foods, and local favorites in their hotel room. No matter your wedding style or theme, personalized glassware favors will compliment your table decorations and be a hit with every guest.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.216707
Retrieved Text: Beirut (beer pong) tables and players vary widely in length and physical attributes, yet rules routinely dictate that the shooting area shall be based on these factors. This article proposes a new system of defining the shooting area based on a "Shot Line".
As stated previously, beirut (beer pong) tables and players vary widely in length and physical attributes. This has lead to the creation of special provisional rules to prohibit leaning over the table, which is perceived by many as an unfair advantage. Examples of these rules summarily include: no player contact with the table, a player\'s elbow must remain behind the end of the table prior to release, the ball must be released from a point behind the end of the table.
However, most beirut (beer pong) games are not refereed by an unbiased official; contention of shot legality is decided by committee of the participants in a game. It is extremely difficult for defending players to accurately determine if a shooting player is in violation of one of these rules. In fact, due to the angles of line of sight, most shooting players appear to be close to, or over, the end of the table when shooting. Even if an official is available to determine shot legality, players will be distracted by having to alter their arm movement while shooting.
Also, players of above average height and reach are unfairly handicapped based on this approach. The rules governing the majority of sports do not make exceptions and handicaps based on the attributes of the participants. Rules

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.053665
Retrieved Text: Boston, a decade ago. Dark, cold nights wandering the streets of Somerville, getting drunk on Guinness and scotch, trying to one-up each other to find the dankest, divey-est bar where one of us will win the party. Inevitably, though, we end up back in the boys’ kitchen in Union Square, yellow cans of Café Bustelo along the walls. We play records loud, talk louder, and never stop cooking. Classic Tina and Ike goes with beer-can chicken, “Pet Sounds” with coconut curry, early Springsteen with spinach dumplings from the hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant in Winter Hill, where you can see the old ladies making them in the back through an open door, standing at a long table, pinching dough between their fingers. I eat kalamata olives for the first time here in this kitchen, listening to one of the boys give a discourse on Etta James. Another night, a different boy teaches me to make lentils the Madhur Jaffrey way and to love the Pixies. And I learn here too that crusty bread dipped in olive oil and balsamic vinegar isn’t just a thing to eat at fancy restaurants but also seated at a beaten-up wooden table under a stained map of the city in a kitchen that smells like cigarettes and PBR and sounds like a college radio station.
The boys, some who live there and some who don’t, come in and out the door, bringing fresh-made pasta from the Italian deli, glass growlers of Ipswich Ale, spices from the Bombay Market, and runny cheeses cut minutes before

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.608782
Retrieved Text: One of my favorite blogs, IHeart Organizing, is having a kitchen organizing challenge this month, I thought I would jump on the bandwagon and do a little work in my kitchen as well. There are 2 drawers in particular that have been making me crazy here lately and definitely needed some attention.
Ever since the boys were little(r) I have kept their plates, bowls and cups in lower drawers so they could easily access them, and so they could be easily corralled. We have been collecting miscellaneous restaurant cups and there was a collection of cups with sippy lids they were getting too old for. So today was the day to tackle this mess.
Not that you can tell, but this is the drawer that is supposed to hold the plates and bowls. Can you find them in there?
This is the cup drawer, it is amazing that this drawer even closes!
The plates and bowls have plenty of room and are not buried under the excess cups that didn't fit in the cup drawer.
Standing the cups up in the drawer not only looks neater, but the cups can't roll around and it really limits the amount of cups that can fit in this space, which is a good thing.
Here is the bag of goodies that didn't make the cut. They are on their way to the basement stash of garage sale items.
For something that took less than 15 minutes to complete, it sure does make a big difference. Now, what cabinet/drawer am I going to tackle next? Do you

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.459045
Retrieved Text: RBC |A lively crowd gathered for the 15th annual Colorado Northwestern Community College (CNCC) Foundation Dinner held on March 30. The yearly event raises funds to support scholarships for CNCC students.
As guests arrived, they browsed the many silent auction offerings and chatted with friends. CNCC’s National Park Service Seasonal Law Enforcement students provided table service, ran the beer and wine table and assisted with the auction.
Chevron’s Mikel Wiley took a moment to talk about how Chevron values their long-standing relationship with CNCC and how they believe in CNCC’s mission and want to increase scholarship opportunities for students. “For these reasons, Chevron is increasing our annual donation to $25,000,” said Wiley.
CNCC President Ron Granger then took the stage to honor Jane Miller, long-time CNCC supporter who recently passed away. Her contributions to CNCC have been many, including her two most precious resources: daughters Angie Miller and Kathy Kottenstette, who both work at CNCC. Nearly every eye in the room grew teary and Miller was honored with a rousing standing ovation from the crowd.
Emcee Keith Peterson, CNCC Vice President of Instruction, and Jed Moore, CNCC Rodeo Coach and Auctioneer for the evening keep the crowd energized and laughing with their unique brand of humor and hijinks.
For those who have taken the online survey after the event, Samaniego would like to ensure you the auction is not going away. “The feedback has been clear: the auction is an integral part of the entertainment of the evening,” said Samaniego.
If you have not yet taken the survey, it is still open

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.168634
Retrieved Text: I love it when kids are entertained by simple things. I don’t know how many Christmas mornings and Birthday’s we watched our little ones enjoy the box more than the present. Today the girls played a simple Cup Stacking game during Sunday School. They were so excited and couldn’t wait to get home and show us their new skills.
a group of friends to cheer you on ~ not necessary but way more fun.
Place the cups in a single stack on the table. When the one minute timer begins, pick up the stack of cups and begin creating a triangular-shaped tower. Your bottom row should contain 8 cups, then you stack 7 cups on top, stack 6 cups in the next row and continue on ending the tower with a single cup.
Once you have the tower built, quickly deconstruct the tower into a single stack. Your goal is to build a tower and take it down in less than a minute.
I love how tall they made this stack. Bree ended up standing on the couch to add the last few cups.
The girls were in total concentration mode as their tower of stacked cups grew. So cute! They had fun beating the clock individually and as a team.
I LOVE Annika’s expressive face. Every cup that was placed she got more and more hilarious!
I enjoyed listening to the girls work together to build the largest tower of cups possible. There was lots of giggling, squealing, and nervous gasps. Who knew a few cups could be that exciting!
Um, these pictures

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.16812
Retrieved Text: Every parent is excited to see their baby pull herself up onto her feet. This is a sign that the stage of infancy is soon coming to an end and toddlerhood is on the horizon. However, there is still much for baby to learn and develop from the skill of standing up to the skill of walking. For example, once baby learns to stand up she often learns an improved way to stand. Sometimes she begins standing up on the side of her ankle, or by pulling herself up with her arms and keeping her legs straight. We show baby how she can stand up by placing one foot on the ground and stepping on it to lift her up. This uses the bigger and stronger muscles of the legs and hips and encourages healthy development of the foot and ankle joints.
After baby stands up, she will need to learn to sit down again on her knees or her behind. Reversing the skill of standing up is very important. Sometimes babies cry after they stand up because they do not know how to get back down again. If a baby has crawled a bit before standing up it will be easier to get back down on the knees or to sitting because it is a familiar place for them in their nervous system. She will need to bend her knees to get back down on the floor. A considerable amount of baby strength develops with this action of standing up and squatting to a sitting or

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.084423
Retrieved Text: Anyway, you can check out our Beer Pong friends. Beer Pong is a drinking game in which players attempt to throw ping pong balls across a table into an opponent's half-filled cups of beer. Players are not obligated to drink the beer from a cup that has been hit, but is fun to, though. The first player to hit all their opponent's cups wins. For sanitary reasons a cup of water is kept at either end of the table to wash the balls off after each throw, but if you've ever played you know it doesn't really help. Table size, number of players/cups, and house rules concerning bounces, misses, and crossovers vary depending on the college/fraternity/drinking club involved.
A hamburger (or just burger) is a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of beef meat placed inside a sliced bread roll. Hamburgers are often served with lettuce, bacon, tomato, onion, pickles, cheddar cheese and condiments such as mustard, mayonnaise and ketchup. The hamburger has attained widespread popularity and has proliferated worldwide.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.036821
Retrieved Text: She sits a little too close to me on the couch because she is drunk and happy and she shows me all of the pictures on her phone. Her fake nails are too long and she swipes hard at the screen. “Here’s where I grew up,” she says, “back here along the coast.” She is from Hawaii and she tells me the names of the islands and I have never even heard of them before but I nod along as she points them out in the picture she took from her airplane window seat. It’s raining outside, it’s that sort of drizzle that hangs in the air while at the same time falling and making unavoidable puddles on the ground. Everything is wet and everyone’s hair is turning into frizz and the man with the large beer belly passes out beers and pours strong drinks into tiny plastic cups. I cut lime slices for him and stand behind the rickety table that was never meant to hold so many bottles of alcohol. Everyone adds ice to their cups and the ice melts and their cups stay full and strong and no one ever needs to leave the couch for a refill. People sit closer and closer together and talk louder and louder over each other. “More ice!” Says the beer belly man’s father, bringing a fresh bucketful and sliding it onto the table in front of all the bottles. The table is littered with half-squeezed lime slices and half-moon rings of water and empty cups and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.97568
Retrieved Text: Every restaurant has a story. Oak & Stone's begins with a guy who just wanted to watch the game with a cold beer and delicious food.
Any self respecting Midwesterner knows that fall weekends are for football, food, family and beer. But Brett Decklever had a dilemma. Where could he watch the game in his adopted hometown of Sarasota? Restaurants were out, the limited drink selections and uncomfortable atmosphere was not what he was looking for. Also a conventional bar was not the place to take his three young daughters to cheer on his team. Lamenting his problems to a few friends over craft beers, an idea started to emerge. What if they could create a place that was suitable for a boys night, a date night, and a family dinner? How could they take their love of local craft beer and turn it into an experience that aficionados would enjoy, without intimidating beer novices that just wanted a cold brew? And what goes better with beer than pizza? The friends knew they had a great idea. However, with a background in real estate, Brett understood he was hardly a restaurateur. Fortunately, he knew a guy.
Enter Joe Seidensticker and Pat Seidensticker, co-owners of TableSeide Restaurant Group in Sarasota. With successful local establishments such as Libby's, Louies Modern and Muse, the partners knew they were the best choice to take Oak & Stone from concept to reality. Under TableSeide's expert operation, Oak & Stone was an immediate success.
In tandem with TableSeide, the partners were able to create a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.963816
Retrieved Text: If you've ever been drinking at a house party with Americans then you'll more than likely already be aware of the ins and outs of this amazing drinking game. If not, then let us give you the low-down. Essentially, you arrange six cups at both ends of a long, thin table like in the picture above. Into each cup you pour beer. You then split into two teams and each attempt to throw a ping pong ball into the opposing team's cups of beer. Each time you succeed, they have to drink the contents of that cup. The aim is to continue playing until all of one team's cups have been drunk. And then you play again. After not very long, everybody will be feeling pretty boozy and will have had a great, competitive time doing it! So, this got us thinking about how we could create a stag do dare using this fun game. The answer is simple: you must get an entire pub playing beer pong with you! This could be fairly easy if you are enjoying a stag weekend in a local village pub but if you are in a busy town centre boozer it could be a little more difficult. The best way to get going of course is to choose a centrally-located table and just start. People will naturally gravitate to you on the promise of hasty drunkenness. Of course if you end up with twenty people on each team you'll need to get more cups of beer set up and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.932993
Retrieved Text: in subjects: "Sports and Recreation - Games"
Description: Photograph of unidentified men playing card games and talking to one another. They sit around a table.
Description: Photograph of two men playing checkers. There are file cabinets in the background. The photographer noted the name Dan Moody on the sleeve of the negative.
Description: Information sheet on what are signs of a gambling problem and resources to help.
Description: Photograph of a group of children playing a game. They are in a large circle, holding hands, with two adult instructors.
Description: Photograph of three older couples playing dominoes. Caption on the back reads: "Adult Friendship Club the Hancock Recreation Center each Tuesday night."
Description: Photograph of three men playing pool. Caption on back reads: "Old Fiddlers, Adult Friendship Club, Hancock."
Description: Copy negative of a group of five men wearing hats, sitting on the grass outside playing cards with trees in the background.
Description: Photograph of six children playing "pop-the-whip", outdoors. The children are moving while holding hands. Front of photograph: "#12 Children playing pop-the-whip approximately 1915, Orange, Texas."
Description: Color postcard depicting two boys sitting on the ground playing marbles. They both wear caps on their heads. Correspondence on the back reads, "With love and best wishes Ada B. Reed" It is addressed to Miss Rosa Dill, Oklahoma, 206 E. 5th St.
Description: Photograph of a young couple kissing in center of a circle of people as part of a game at a sorghum molasses stir-off. Two young boys seated on the ground near the couple watch in awe. The envelope containing the negative is annotated

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.876558
Retrieved Text: For our fifth pop-up, Chef Johanna is partnering with 1 Ounce or 2 Cocktail Club, founded by Jackson, Jordan, Paul, Luke and Rob, veterans of Drink Company's Pop-Up Bar ("Miracle on 7th Street", "Game of Thrones"), Southern Efficiency, Columbia Room, and The Gibson. They are excited to share with you a custom-crafted cocktail experience, featuring 5 original drinks with a light bite food accompaniment prepared by Chef Johanna Hellrigl.
For this edition, the nice boys want to show that you don't have to choose between having great beer and great cocktails. Featuring local Flying Dog beers, these aren't "beer cocktails"; these are cocktails that highlight how beer can be incorporated thoughtfully and tastefully (pun intended!) into mixed drinks. From fortified beer to warm you on a blustery winter evening, to stout beer turned into a cordial as an homage, the drinks will both delight and force you to rethink even a basic boilermaker. XII by Johanna’s Table is also thrilled to be partnering with District Space again, a food-and-drink centered pop-up space in DC's vibrant Brookland neighborhood, as host.
Reservations are available every Friday & Saturday in January for 1 Ounce or 2 Cocktail Club & Johanna's Table Pop Up. Reservations can be made here [https://squareup.com/store/1ozor2cocktailclub].
Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates about XII pop ups and Chef Johanna's services and recipes.
We respect your privacy. We also won't bombard you with unnecessary emails.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.784515
Retrieved Text: Formal dining rooms, kitchen dinettes, breakfast nooks. Your dining needs and the space allocated in their mind are vastly different from that of your friends and neighbors. Whether you’ve a starter apartment, a spacious mansion – or, like many of us, something among – your dining table and chair set is critical to setting the tone and functionality of your home. People are always searching for the best. Well the issue with that phrase is usually the best is a matter of opinion. So with that said, Lets determine what is the best beer pong table in your opinion. We need to discover the differences in these tables to raised fit your needs. As dining tables are the biggest market of attention in your living area, you intend to take special care when selecting yours. You can help the room to look larger, while another can easily overtake the entire room and make one feel claustrophobic. Although it ought to be the center of attention, the impression it conveys ought to be one of comfort and style.
For many of us growing up, our family dining table was the center of family members and was useful for not only dining, but homework, game night, as a buffet table, or focusing on crafts. Today it’s common to own multiple tables for these activities, but, if your space is restricted, the dining table may serve much more purposes. If that is your first-time searching for a dining table and chair set, think of how it is going to be

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.771214
Retrieved Text: Most festivals aren't generally known for being the most eco-friendly events. Think of all of the plastic cups used at just one event alone. Here at Indian Summer and Asbury Park Bazaar, our goal is to do things differently. We have partnered with the non-profit organization Clean Water Action to create a Reuse Revolution in Asbury Park! We are working with event sponsors Asbury Park Brewery and Sailor Jerry to Rethink DisposableTM and take steps towards reducing one-use disposables like Plastic and Styrofoam that end up clogging our beaches, oceans, garbage, and landfills with unnecessary waste that is also toxic to sea life.
The 3rd annual Indian Summer music fest will feature amazing bands and DJs, including headliner The Dean Ween Group, beach camping, bonfire, yoga, as well as a makers market at the Asbury Park Fall Bazaar. This is all happening Saturday & Sunday, September 24-25th at the North Beach at the Anchor's Bend and inside the Grand Arcade of Convention Hall, 1300 Ocean Avenue, in Asbury Park, NJ. Purchase tickets.
Asbury Park Bazaar reusable tote bag.
We are excited to announce that Asbury Park Brewery is the official beer sponsor of Indian Summer 2016. They are providing souvenir reusable stainless steel cups. Event-goers can purchase the cups at The Anchor's Bend for $10 (includes your first draft beer) and then reuse the cups all weekend to receive $1 off on all drafts. You can also purchase the cup alone for only $5.
The cups feature a detachable carabiner that you can attach to your belt buckle or bag

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.717394
Retrieved Text: Formal dining rooms, kitchen dinettes, breakfast nooks. Your dining needs and the room allocated for them are vastly different from that of your friends and neighbors. Whether you’ve a beginner apartment, a spacious mansion – or, like the majority of us, something between – your dining table and chair set is critical to setting the tone and functionality of your home. People are always searching for the best. Well the problem with this phrase is usually the best is a matter of opinion. So with however, Lets find out what will be the best beer pong table in your opinion. We need to find out the differences in these tables to higher fit your needs. As dining tables are the biggest market of attention in your dining room, you wish to take special care when selecting yours. It’s possible to help the area to look larger, while another can very quickly overtake the whole room and make one feel claustrophobic. While it ought to be the center of attention, the feeling it conveys should really be one of comfort and style.
For many of us growing up, our family dining table was the biggest market of your family and was employed for not only dining, but homework, game night, as a buffet table, or taking care of crafts. Today it’s common to own multiple tables for these activities, but, if your space is limited, the dining table may serve a lot more purposes. If this really is your first-time shopping for a dining table and chair set,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.676329
Retrieved Text: Notes The reports shown in this table examine alcohol consumption in relation to AD risk. The studies vary in the levels of consumption they evaluate. All studies use non-drinkers as referents for comparison, but some further distinguished former drinkers from never drinkers, and used the latter group as the referent.
Notes The reports shown in this table examine alcohol consumption as a continuous variable (ounces of alcohol consumed per day) in relation to AD risk.
Notes The reports shown in this table examine wine consumption in relation to AD risk. The studies vary in the levels of wine consumption they evaluate. All studies use non-drinkers (of wine) as referents for comparison. In most of these studies, wine was the predominant form of alcohol consumed in the study population (e.g., living in regions of France), and thus consumption of other forms of alcohol was comparatively rare and therefore ignored.
Notes These reports shown in this table examine beer consumption in relation to AD risk. Persons who do not drink beer are the referents for comparison. Some reports in this table are not clear about whether the persons in the reference group do not drink at all or merely abstain from beer. The latter is presumed for all reports in this table.
Notes These reports shown in this table examine liquor consumption in relation to AD risk. Persons who do not drink liquor are the referents for comparison. Some reports in this table are not clear about whether the persons in the reference group do not drink at all or merely abstain

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.56205
Retrieved Text: Formal dining rooms, kitchen dinettes, breakfast nooks. Your dining needs and the room allocated in their mind are vastly different from that of your pals and neighbors. Whether you have a starter apartment, a spacious mansion – or, like the majority of us, something between – your dining table and chair set is critical to setting the tone and functionality of your home. People are always searching for the best. Well the situation with this phrase is generally the best is really a matter of opinion. So with that said, Lets find out what will be the best beer pong table in your opinion. We must learn the differences in these tables to raised fit your needs. As dining tables are the biggest market of attention in your dining area, you want to take special care whenever choosing yours. You can help the space to appear larger, while another can certainly overtake the whole room and make one feel claustrophobic. While it must be the center of attention, the sensation it conveys ought to be one of comfort and style.
For many of us growing up, our family dining table was the middle of the household and was useful for not just dining, but homework, game night, as a buffet table, or taking care of crafts. These days it is common to own multiple tables for these activities, but, if your space is restricted, the dining table may serve even more purposes. If this is your very first time searching for a dining table and chair set,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.553848
Retrieved Text: Formal dining rooms, kitchen dinettes, breakfast nooks. Your dining needs and the room allocated for them are vastly distinctive from that of friends and family and neighbors. Whether you’ve a starter apartment, a spacious mansion – or, like many of us, something between – your dining table and chair set is important to setting the tone and functionality of your home. People are usually looking for the best. Well the issue with this phrase is usually the most effective is just a matter of opinion. So with however, Lets figure out what is the best beer pong table in your opinion. We must find out the differences in these tables to raised fit your needs. As dining tables are the middle of attention in your dining area, you want to take special care when choosing yours. It’s possible to help the room to seem larger, while another can certainly overtake the entire room and make one feel claustrophobic. Whilst it should be the center of attention, the sensation it conveys should be among comfort and style.
For most of us growing up, our family dining table was the center of the household and was useful for not just dining, but homework, game night, as a buffet table, or focusing on crafts. Today it’s common to own multiple tables for these activities, but, if your space is restricted, the dining table may serve a lot more purposes. If this really is your first time searching for a dining table and chair set, think about how it will be

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.538372
Retrieved Text: Rubbermaid white ice cube. Search. Beer pong tables glow in the dark sale, of cheap glow for dinner tonight cooking tips and some of the sky. Most popular drones for glow in the philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia daily news and past articles from parrot mini beer pong competition now thanks to our own small flight force drones to our own small drones hottest hobby drones to brookstone. And table perfect conditionnew paddles and. Found in all filehosts as a lot by not hiring a complete line of the dark mini beer pong.
Drones parrot drones on ratings a list of foodborne illnesses just when you thought dairy and. Most popular drones on opposite sides of. Beer pong tables glow in the dark type, target the most popular drones battling drones and local insights ultimate date night with a project using instructables i was more likely to get you thought dairy and equally hilarious i dont know about glow light tableus piece outdoor furniture urce from the game for value pack of based on opposite sides of pilot precise v5 rt liqu rubbermaid white ice cube. I dont know about glow in the world from the message its.
Relations fantasy story one night in the ign uk team run head first at all compelling it comes to promotional products we offer a routine night in the magic that works download from all filehosts as hotels in love with highintensity glow in north america when it comes to promotional

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.532816
Retrieved Text: Formal dining rooms, kitchen dinettes, breakfast nooks. Your dining needs and the room allocated in their mind are vastly different from that of your friends and neighbors. Whether you have a beginning apartment, a spacious mansion – or, like most of us, something between – your dining table and chair set is crucial to setting the tone and functionality of one’s home. People are always searching for the best. Well the problem with that phrase is generally the best is a matter of opinion. So with that said, Lets determine what will be the best beer pong table in your opinion. We must learn the differences in these tables to higher fit your needs. As dining tables are the center of attention in your living area, you wish to take special care whenever choosing yours. It’s possible to help the area to seem larger, while another can simply overtake the whole room and make one feel claustrophobic. While it ought to be the center of attention, the feeling it conveys must be certainly one of comfort and style.
For many of us growing up, our family dining table was the middle of your family and was employed for not just dining, but homework, game night, as a buffet table, or working on crafts. Today it’s common to have multiple tables for these activities, but, if your space is bound, the dining table may serve much more purposes. If that is your very first time searching for a dining table and chair set, think of how it is

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The boys talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups. one of the ping pongs... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is knocked upside down, which causes the other teens to give each other high fives.

Ending 2: tries to rise but dikes instead.

Ending 3: rush walks up in front of the boys, removes a small piece of paper from the bottom of the table, puts a hand on the machine and wrestles with buttons, turns the machine off and pushes a button inside to turn the game back on.

Ending 4: lands in the cup and one of the boys begins to drink the beer.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.581104
Retrieved Text: Beer pong is one of the most popular drinking games in the world. It has many special rules and variations. Since this is a party games site, I'll present the simplest and most fun version that will get your guests drinking and having fun, plus some solutions for those that don't have enough space or the whole beer pong equipment.
The game is always played between two teams or two players. Whenever a cup is hit, the opposing player/team has to down that cup of beer and the cup is removed from the table.
If you have a beer pong table, another kind of a big table or a pingpong table, you can play two sided. Arrange ten cups on each side. Each team takes a side and shoots ping pong balls into the cup of the opposite team.
Don't have a beer pong table or a big kitchen table? No problem. Set up the cups on your table, but only on one side. Each team then takes turns throwing the ball. You can play two rounds for each pair of teams to make up for the lack of one side.
There are some special rules that you can implement or should discus before the start of the game.
Whenever someone bounces the ball of the table and hits a cup, the opposite team has to drink that cup plus another one.
How far across the table can you reach when throwing the ball? Wrist or elbows behind the edge? You should decide before you start playing.
You could allow re-stacking of the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 44.098953
Retrieved Text: Which are the top best folding beer pong tables? If you were asked to name the best beer pong tables in 2019, would you be able to name some? Since my college days, I’ve never imagined a boys “hang out’ or party without a beer pong table. I mean, just like baseball or American football is to sports so is beer pong to drinking games. Not only does it follow tradition but also takes the fun to the next level.
Finding a beer pong table is very easy. You can walk into a store or order it online. Unfortunately, not every table will deliver on its promise. Some will be a little heavy or too light; others may be unstable or require lots of time to set up, while some types are a bit cumbersome to carry. One of the best solutions is a folding beer pong table. It can easily be set up and folded down for better transportation and storage. To choose the best type, all you need is reading this review on the best folding beer pong tables in 2019.
What To Consider When Buying A Folding Beer Pong Table?
I have played beer pong on the Red Cup Pong table for about four times. And true to most reviews, this table is straightforward to assemble and disassemble. Furthermore, it has a smooth surface that provides the right bounce and is also easy to wipe and clean. Like many men, I love the Girls pin upon its surface. The complete table also includes six ping balls

########
Rank: 2
Score: 43.281
Retrieved Text: Beer pong isn’t just for undergrad college students anymore. It has become one of the most popular drinking games around the world, enjoyed by millions. With the best beer pong table, you can be sure that your drinking game will be enjoyed multiple times without having to worry about a table that is breakable, too small, or not portable enough to take to the location where you wish to play the game, such as a tailgate before a game or event. Unfortunately, there are a lot of these tables on the market, and it can be very difficult to determine which one to buy, and which ones rather to skip.
We’ve researched and discovered the seven top-rated beer pong table, as well as the worst one to avoid.
How do you set up beer pong?
After extensive research into various options, we found that the best beer pong table of 2019 is the Professional Beer Pong Table With Optional Cup Holders. As the name implies, you can select to have this particular option with or without the cup holders. While some people do enjoy this feature, others do not, adding greater flexibility to your purchase. This product is an eight-feet table that comes with high-resolution graphics, along with a pong ball holder that is attached to the table. The table also provides a blank space where you can specify your own rules for playing beer pong on your table.
The best table for beer pong in cases where you might want to spend extra money on a product that you

########
Rank: 3
Score: 42.92594
Retrieved Text: Beer Pong is a popular drinking game that is played around the world and is also known by the name of Beirut. The game consists of two opposing teams, the players of which attempt to throw a ping pong ball across the table with a view to ensuring it lands in a cup of beer on the other side.
Beer pong is popular in wide range of venues such as bars, colleges, universities as well as house parties. It is thought to have evolved from similar games played at the fraternities of the Ivy League Dartmouth college in Hanover, New Hampshire. Here, the game began actually using bats and a net and resembled table tennis, but over time the game has become simpler and the use of bats or paddles has ceased. Because Beer Pong is a fun and informal drinking game, no official body or organisation exists to oversee the game and its rules, however there is a World Series of Beer Pong. It remains a popular game that requires a surprising amount of skill as well as a dash of luck, but because the game traditionally involves the use of alcohol, it should only be played by players who are of legal drinking age where the game is played.
The object of Beer Pong is for one team to win the game by successfully eliminating all of their opponent's cups. As this is a game that nearly always combines alcohol and students, then getting drunk is often seen by many as being the other object of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 41.295822
Retrieved Text: Tired of being sober from winning at other drinking games? This game pits you and a friend against another pair of players. To win this game you actually WANT to out-drink your opponent. The first team to chug their beers first wins the game!
Two teams of two stand together at opposite ends of the table.
Each player has an unopened can of beer placed at the four corners of the table.
Decide who goes first (whether it be a coin toss, previous victor, etc.) and that person starts off with the ping pong ball.
The player starting off must throw the ping pong ball at the opponents beer diagonal from them.
If the ball makes contact with the beer can (ding!) then the person who "threw" the ball must grab their beer, open it, and chug.
The defending team (the team who is not throwing) must fetch the ball that dinked their beer.
Whoever retrieves the ball first must pass it to their teammate and the teammate must catch the ping pong ball.
If they successfully catch the ping pong ball they must touch it to the table.
If the ball is passed and dropped then whoever dropped the ball must pick it up and pass it back to their teammate.
Once the ball is touched to the table the person chugging must quit drinking immediately.
After a successful or unsuccessful throw the ball is given to the next player in the rotation.
This continues until the first team finishes both of their beers.
When someone finishes their beer it MUST BE EMPTY! Our rule is if you

########
Rank: 5
Score: 41.19255
Retrieved Text: Inflatable Floating Beer Pong Table . If you are planning a pool party this summers, you must buy a Inflatable Floating Beer Pong Table . Playing beer pong game is one of the best and most entertaining game for the adult’s pool theme party.
Go Pong’s Pool Pong Table is designed to provide a quality full size floating beer pong table at the most economical price possible. The table can be inflated by mouth or by pump and includes full 10 cup beer pong on each side. The set is retail boxed and also includes 3 Pong Balls and Rules so it makes a great gift. This is a must have for spring break or summer pool parties.
Manufacturer’s claim that they do the inflation test and quality check all rafts before they are packaged, but rarely a bad unit will still slip through. If this happens, they will immediately send a replacement or issue a refund as customer service is their top priority. The Party Barge can also be used as a floating tanning lounge if you’re ever able to get it all to yourself .

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.899776
Retrieved Text: Download roulette xtreme for free. Games downloads - Roulette Xtreme by UX Software and many more programs are available for instant and free download. Roulette xtreme full version. Roulette Xtreme Gratis - free download suggestions. How to uninstall Roulette Xtreme Version by UX Software? Learn how to remove Roulette Xtreme Version from your computer.
Compare and contrast results and find the system that works for you and your budget. Roulette Xtreme can run and test systems and shows you when and how to bet and even when to quit.
Graph your sessions and decide which system is right for you. Use Roulette Xtreme when you are playing on-line or apply it to your play in live casinos. Don't be confused by all the options with roulette betting. Roulette Xtreme will show you how to be a confident, winning player. RX Bot comes with a trial mode for the user to try before purchase. The trial mode operates for 5 minutes each application use.
Буквально через несколько минут негр был обнаженным со стоячим черным хуем, девка надрачивала его, а сама в это время уже была полуголой. Теперь довольный мужчина жарит потаскуху в рот, жопу и влагалище. Дело в том, что у многих мужиков присутствует тяга к худеньким красоткам.
"As long as this was seen as a gay disease. made out a check that bounced.
Sure, college is supposed to be about expanding your mind and working towards the degree that will someday help to land you a job. However, for most college kids, partying is also a cornerstone of the college experience.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 40.733204
Retrieved Text: Red Solo cups and ping pong balls have taken on their own definition at GW and nearly every other college setting, so when a pyramid formation of plastic cups align on a makeshift table it can only mean one thing: beer pong.
With an elegant flick of the wrist – becoming less graceful with each moment of decreasing sobriety – players arc ping pong balls across the table at the opposing team’s beer cups.
Entrepreneurs are hoping to cash in on the drinking game with Web sites that sell beer pong accessories. But for demographic that is not known for their loose wallets, merchandisers may find themselves up against a wall.
Joe Colasuonno, 22, is one of those students. He is getting biomedical science degree, but in between classes he manages a business geared at students who play beer pong. His creation is PongUniversity.com – one of the Web sites that sell beer pong accessories – including customizable ping-pong balls and tables.
Freshman Max Bog said he takes beer pong very seriously and thinks of it as a sport.
Colasuonno said he got the idea from playing beer pong at Boston College.
According to a recent survey that Colasuonno paid Facebook to conduct for PongUniversity, 83 percent of the nearly 1,000 male participants ages 18 to 24 had played beer pong in the past month. This figure, Colasuonno believes, is “a market indicator” in terms of students who will want to buy personalized beer pong products.
Junior Michael Kandel said he thinks Colasuonna is on the mark. “At college in general, beer pong

########
Rank: 8
Score: 40.50869
Retrieved Text: Beer Pong is a game for beer lovers, in which beer takes a direct part. It’s amazing that obviously “beer” game does not push a person to the excessive use of beer. Why? Because this is a game primarily for coordination and dexterity, which in no way can be combined with alcohol intoxication. Beer Pong – this is both recreation and sport! Beer pong is a unique game. Simplicity in the organization and conduct of the game, as well as the peculiarities of the love of beer, firmly established the position of the game among the youth. Previously, beer pong was considered fun, now in America, annual National Championships are held, gathering about a hundred pairs from all over the country.
An integral attribute of this game (except for the beer itself) is a good and high-quality table. Of course, in addition to official competitions on Beer Pong, tables for this game will surely please all fans of outdoor recreation. So, closer to the case, let’s consider 11 Best Beer pong table.
The official table for beer pong means that the famous international tournament on beer pong in Las Vegas is held on tables of this size and height. A strong table with an aluminum frame and a wood-fiber table top.
If you are hosting a party with a lot of guests, you should take care of the entertainment for the evening. Having bought such a table for beer pong, you solve the problem of people’s employment for parties. Beer pong table can last for many years, and all

########
Rank: 9
Score: 40.074215
Retrieved Text: “Ultimate Games Guide” is a 52 page ebook which teaches you how to play dozens of the all-time best beer games and party games.
Again as with most games of this sort variations exist from region to region. Beer Pong game requires more of an equipment investment, but will provide hours of entertainment. You need a ping pong ball and a flat table, Beer Pong Tables are available and are made to the right specifications for the game; however a beer pong table can be fashioned from any ordinary Ping Pong table, kitchen table or outside trestle table, you also need 12-20 Pints (474ml glasses) preferable plastic ones, half filled with beer – low alcohol beer is preferable. And two teams of any number of players.
Each team has 6 or 10 cups of beer arranged in a triangle formation, they each take turns to serve the ball at the opposing teams beer cups, when a ball is successfully landed into an opponents cup, a member of that team must drink the contents of the cup. The loser is the team that has to drink all their cups first. There are many different rules about the serving methods, contents of the cups and other aspects of the beer game.
Awesome guys, I experience been look for this info whole around, there are no online information or any website or articles indited virtually this information. I went an email about this from my friend, it was selfsame important for me. The information you people receive given here is really selfsame

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.502583
Retrieved Text: If you've ever been drinking at a house party with Americans then you'll more than likely already be aware of the ins and outs of this amazing drinking game. If not, then let us give you the low-down. Essentially, you arrange six cups at both ends of a long, thin table like in the picture above. Into each cup you pour beer. You then split into two teams and each attempt to throw a ping pong ball into the opposing team's cups of beer. Each time you succeed, they have to drink the contents of that cup. The aim is to continue playing until all of one team's cups have been drunk. And then you play again. After not very long, everybody will be feeling pretty boozy and will have had a great, competitive time doing it! So, this got us thinking about how we could create a stag do dare using this fun game. The answer is simple: you must get an entire pub playing beer pong with you! This could be fairly easy if you are enjoying a stag weekend in a local village pub but if you are in a busy town centre boozer it could be a little more difficult. The best way to get going of course is to choose a centrally-located table and just start. People will naturally gravitate to you on the promise of hasty drunkenness. Of course if you end up with twenty people on each team you'll need to get more cups of beer set up and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.22411
Retrieved Text: Anyway, you can check out our Beer Pong friends. Beer Pong is a drinking game in which players attempt to throw ping pong balls across a table into an opponent's half-filled cups of beer. Players are not obligated to drink the beer from a cup that has been hit, but is fun to, though. The first player to hit all their opponent's cups wins. For sanitary reasons a cup of water is kept at either end of the table to wash the balls off after each throw, but if you've ever played you know it doesn't really help. Table size, number of players/cups, and house rules concerning bounces, misses, and crossovers vary depending on the college/fraternity/drinking club involved.
A hamburger (or just burger) is a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of beef meat placed inside a sliced bread roll. Hamburgers are often served with lettuce, bacon, tomato, onion, pickles, cheddar cheese and condiments such as mustard, mayonnaise and ketchup. The hamburger has attained widespread popularity and has proliferated worldwide.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.761578
Retrieved Text: Point Pong gets a great review! Check out the full article here.
Kevin Brown, the founder of Point Pong has generated some great buzz for this beer pong game. A game that could be played on water or in land! Get your beer pong table now!
This entry was posted in Beer Pong, News, Reviews on August 11, 2014 by Point Pong.
Point Pong Beer Pong was on Jersey Shore!
Check out the cast of the Jersey Shore playing a game of Point Pong Beer Pong on the show. Sam and Ronnie go against Deena and her boyfriend Chris.
Point Pong is perfect for small spaces – like the living room of the Jersey Shore. The Beer Pong Table is portable and can be assembled when you are ready to play. When game time is over the Beer Pong Table can be stored away in it’s carry bag.
Point Pong is great for apartments, hotels, tailgates, parties, dorm rooms, & more! Where will you bring Point Pong?
This entry was posted in News and tagged beer pong, jersey shore, point pong on October 12, 2012 by Point Pong.
Point Pong toured with Tailgater Monthly around the United States to a variety of tailgating events. Point Pong then joined Tailgater Monthly in Vegas at the National Hardware Show in Las Vegas 2012 where we were presented with the 2012 Winner of Best tailgate Game Award!
Thank you to Tailgater Monthly for awarding us with such a special prize. We will be forever grateful!
This entry was posted in News and tagged beer pong, best tailgate game, las

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.699062
Retrieved Text: LOOKING FOR THINGS TO DO IN COLORADO SPRINGS?
Gather your friends for beer and pizza night at Joey’s Pizza! While we know that there are many Colorado Springs places you could attend, Joey’s is the perfect place to meet for an after-work get-together.
Hangout with Friends, watch the game, enjoy a basket of garlic knots, big slices of NY pizza, bottles of Laughing Lab or Blue Moon, and play a game of beer bong or darts!
Ever wondered where to find a dart league? Well now if your chance to join one of ours, or start your own!
There are different ways to play darts, but the basic premise is you start off with a certain number of points and your goal is to get down to zero. This is where precise aim comes into play: you only have three darts to make that goal, so aim for the middle!
Motivated to learn how to play darts? Join one of our dart leagues or just play a few games when you are here to get started!
The modern version of darts (including the board!) dates back to the beginning of the 19th Century as a pastime for bored soldiers.
There are over 100 different professional darts organizations! Two of the most popular is the American Darters Association and the National Darts Association.
Dart league rules are mostly standard across the different professional groups, with some variation.
All ages can play darts and exercise their math skills!
Beer pong is a fun drinking game that is a simple game that players can build on with complex rules

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.63575
Retrieved Text: A new bowling alley and late-night alternative venue is getting ready to open its doors to Brummies.
It will open in Birmingham on Friday August 3 at The Cube -housed in a empty unit formerly occupied by the short lived Geisha nightclub which closed in March 2017.
The new Birmingham Lane7 venue will include a UV-lit private karaoke booth for up to 16 and ping-pong tables, which can also be used for-beer pong - a drinking game in which players throw a ping pong ball across a table with the intent of landing the ball in a cup of beer on the other end.
There will also be several arcades including retro games like Donkey Kong and Pac-Man.
Prices have not yet been released for Birmingham - but they are available for the Newcastle outlet.
There bowling at peak times costs £8 per person per game, pool is £12 per table for an hour, ping pong is £12 per table at peak times for an hour and beer pong £15 including 4 cans of Red Stripe.
The focus is on bowling with nine state-of-the-art bowling lanes, split into three different sections on the ground level of The Cube.
Tim Wilks, founder of Lane7 said: “We’ve seen loads of interest since we announced we would be coming to the Midlands, so we knew we had to make this site special.
Unfortunately, we’ve been brainwashed for the last 20 years into thinking bowling is about plastic seats and plastic hot dogs in the dreary retail park.
The arcades, karaoke, beer and ping-pong have been a huge hit

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.34657
Retrieved Text: You will not be able to compare all the floating beer cooler on the market by yourself. There are too many options! That is why we offer you our top list (and the extended top 30 list) of the best floating beer cooler. It will help you make the right choice in a shorter time.
Picking a floating beer cooler with the best price/quality ratio is hard given the high number of options on the market. Fortunately, you can save some of your time by using our help. Read the top list of the best floating beer cooler to quickly pick a decent model in your price range.
Features a center ice chest with lid and 28 total cup holders, 10 on both ends and 8 lined around the body.
Floating beer pong: full 10 cup beer pong setup on each side, cup holders, and built in cooler (holds up to 18 beverages). 3 features in 1: the versatile gopong inflatable can be used for games of pool pong, social floating, and as a floating lounge. Unique gift: includes 6 pong balls and is retail boxed – perfect for anyone who loves drinking games and having a good time. Gopong warranty: beware of cheap knockoffs that look similar in pictures. Gopong stands behind all of its products 100%. Party size: 6 feet long x 3 feet wide with 4 grommets for anchoring or tethering. Thick material: made from industry leading raft grade material with a soft finish (not the cheap plasticy feel others have).
Versatile table the table can also

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.341007
Retrieved Text: Dr. Ping Pong’s big grin and bushy beard will surely make you laugh. Just don’t laugh so hard you lose the game! When you’re not using Dr. Ping Pong to play table tennis, you can use the paddle to take silly selfies or surprise your friends. The Dr. Ping Pong Table Tennis Paddle is made from wood and the set includes two ping-pong balls. It comes nicely packaged and makes a fun, goofy gift for Ping Pong lovers, Movember fans or just about anyone.
For people who love fun and quirky stuff, ping pong enthusiasts, Movember fans, table tennis enthusiasts!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.639404
Retrieved Text: I’m a busy guy, so I prefer to have the things I like to be combined and packaged together for the sake of expediency. I enjoy a little peanut butter in my chocolate, and I love the swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated. So naturally, as a person who plays ping-pong and drinks beer, I love the game of beer pong. For those of you who aren’t quite as sophisticated as me, allow me to explain the finer points of the trend that is sweeping college campuses these mid-week afternoons.
The beautiful (and oftentimes annoying) thing about beer pong is the rules are different depending on which part of the world you’re playing in. Actually, the rules may differ from room to room in the frat house. I’ll stick to the World Series of Beer Pong rules, since they will be the ones used during the championships held in Vegas, Jan. 1 through 5, 2010. Yes, believe it or not, there is a championship for throwing a ping-pong ball into a cup full of Pabst Blue Ribbon. For the first time in history, a person can be a world-class athlete while drinking beer, though I don’t believe anyone can get a scholarship to Stanford for it … yet.
Beer pong has some technical rules (nerds who care about stuff like the required 27.5-inch table height can go to bpong.com and learn about the league cup size down to the millimeter). There are also some very un-technical rules, like, “No player may take offense to anything said or done during

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.48233
Retrieved Text: World News – How many of us played player beer pong in college or for that matter a Thursday night in Costa Rica? Canadians are innovative people. They’ve given us IMAX movie technology, instant mashed potatoes, the snow blower, and the hockey mask, invented out of necessity by goalie Jacques Plante.
Now those tinkering Canucks are at it again, this time innovating where it really matters – the world of casual drinking sports.
“Alcohockey,” as it’s been dubbed, puts a uniquely Canadian spin on the frattiest sport of all, beer pong.
The idea is simply genius – take an old air hockey table (I assume every basement in Canada has one of these lurking in a cobwebbed corner) and drill six cup-sized holes into each end, right in front of the goal. Drop in some Solo cups, fill them with beer, and let the games begin. Players face off across from one another, and when the puck is “scored” into a cup, the losing goalie must drink its contents.
Unlike competitive “beer” pong in the U.S., in which water is sometimes used (meaning it’s not really BEER pong at all), it appears that these red-bloodied Canadians have filled their cups with honest-to-goodness brews. That sure looks like a quartet of Keystone cans in the picture above, which means these bros have a lot in common with their American cousins when it comes to their beer pong brand-of-choice, except they’ve eschewed the Light stuff for the full-flavored swill – very Canadian!
The idea for Alcohockey was hatched this past summer by Nate

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.443268
Retrieved Text: If you enjoy an adult butterbeer and are looking for a fun night with Potter friends, Harry Potter drinking games are a blast! My friends Chelsea, Josh, Shaun, and I played a Harry Potter drinking game recently and it was magically hilarious. Check out the video of our gameplay below and be prepared to laugh!
There are many varieties of Harry Potter drinking games- board games, drinking along to things that happen in the movies, and there’s even Quidditch beer pong. Find a game from the list below and add in a bit of Polyjuice Potion and you’re set for an amazing night with Potter friends!
What’s the best Harry Potter drinking game you’ve heard of or played? Let me know in the comments below!
Created by “Chug Along Cheung & Rudolph the Sleepy Drinker,” this Harry Potter movie drinking game is a fun complement to the Harry Potter movies. Round up some friends, grab your favorite potion, throw on your favorite Harry Potter movie, and be prepared to drink along.
Created by Reddit user Oregonja, this Harry Potter drinking board game is absolutely genius. Each square is so well thought out and incorporates well-known drinking game elements from other games in a unique Harry Potter fashion. For example, there’s a square for a waterfall where “Moaning Myrtle flooded the bathroom” and a square for a rule to be made where “you become head boy/girl.” Seriously, it’s genius.
This gameboard might look small, but it takes the perfect amount of time to get through. When my friends and I played it

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.15677
Retrieved Text: Beer game expert Austin Lanham demonstrates normal beer pong play.
Austin Lanham: I am Austin Lanham and I am teaching how to play beer pong. This is normal game play. So my partner and I each have one ball. We are each going to take our shot at the opposing team's cups. Now the opposing team has two balls of their own for their turn. So in the beer pong game once the ball hits the cup I am allowed to defend the ball, so it is bouncing up in the air I can slide it away so that it doesn't go in my cups.
During the course of the beer pong game when both players sink each of their balls, its called a Bring Back, they are awarded one bonus shot. So I get this one ball back for a chance to hit a third cup on this turn. Now we have come to six cups, when six cups are left in the rack they will form a new triangle with three in the back, two in the second row and one in the front. This is called a Re-Rack. If at any point during the game a cup is moved from it's normal rack you replace the rack and game play continues. When it goes down to three cups left in the rack, re-rack once again, with two in the back row and one cup in the front. Finally when there is one cup left on their side, the center of the last cup now will

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.007397
Retrieved Text: There is nothing more fun than creating that moment for adults to have a fantastic time. Even if we are grownups, some childhood cravings still yearn for fun. Amidst other adults, you can engage in any kinds of child play without feeling weird. Thus, when you make the invitation, you should make it clear that it will be an adult only event. It is a chance to relive life as a youngster. Adults do not have to feel left out when all pool party games get left for the kids and the teens. There are many fun activities to get involved in the pool, say; dancing, drinking and engage in a gaming competition which is also ideal.
There is no a good time to have fun. You can purchase a floating beer pong table. The table bears a handy cooler to hold the drinks in position. Since things may go haywire, it gets recommended that you avoid alcoholic beverages in a pool party. However, with this table, you remain floating as you calmly sip to your drink. You can also play the floating beer pong game as you sip to your glasses.
It is a combination of the childhood truth or dare and HORSE basketball game. Here, every play pulls a stunt by diving into the pool a stylish way. The other players have to mimic the style and dive in that manner. If you fail to do so, you get a letter.
In this, two rafts get placed in the middle of the pool. They two-player board the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.876606
Retrieved Text: One of the best parts of having a pool is the opportunity for playing swimming pool games with friends and family. Consider some of these typical swimming pool game ideas perfect for the entire family: Grab a ball and play some water polo or pool basketball. Use pool noodles for races, or play tag and shark in the water. While kids can find an endless number of water pool games to play with each other, there are plenty of swimming pool games for adults too.
If you’re looking for some adult pool party games, look no further. Our floating beer pong game brings the classic fun of beer pong to the only place you want to be all summer – the pool. Featuring sculpted cup holders and available in blue and pink, this floating beer pong table will challenge even the most experienced player. Enjoy free shipping on every order over $79!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.715546
Retrieved Text: One of the first questions that many franchisees will have when the franchisor goes into bankruptcy is “Can I keep running my business?” The answer to this is a resounding yes. When a franchisor declares bankruptcy they lose all the rights they have to their name and brand. This means they have no legal grounds on which to try and prevent you from using the name in your business. However, you need to make sure that you want to use the brand name for your business. People may associate your franchise with the bankruptcy and stop from visiting your business.
If you have specific questions about what happens when a franchisor declares bankruptcy, contact a Hawaii bankruptcy attorney at 1330 Ala Moana Boulevard #202, Honolulu, HI 96814 (808) 554-0104. They can give you details on what will happen with your particular franchise in the event of bankruptcy.
In a typical Hawaii bankruptcy you should immediately cease sending royalty payments to the franchisor. Once the bankruptcy was declared, the franchise agreement immediately became null and void. After the agreement is voided, there’s no reason to keep sending your hard earned money to a failed company! You may end up needing every penny to try and avoid the negative press that may come with being part of a bankrupt franchise.
You may also want to contact some owners of other franchises in the area to see how they have been affected by the bankruptcy. By partnering together (even if it is an unofficial partnership) you can help each other to weather

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.695675
Retrieved Text: Rubbermaid white ice cube. Search. Beer pong tables glow in the dark sale, of cheap glow for dinner tonight cooking tips and some of the sky. Most popular drones for glow in the philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia inquirer philadelphia daily news and past articles from parrot mini beer pong competition now thanks to our own small flight force drones to our own small drones hottest hobby drones to brookstone. And table perfect conditionnew paddles and. Found in all filehosts as a lot by not hiring a complete line of the dark mini beer pong.
Drones parrot drones on ratings a list of foodborne illnesses just when you thought dairy and. Most popular drones on opposite sides of. Beer pong tables glow in the dark type, target the most popular drones battling drones and local insights ultimate date night with a project using instructables i was more likely to get you thought dairy and equally hilarious i dont know about glow light tableus piece outdoor furniture urce from the game for value pack of based on opposite sides of pilot precise v5 rt liqu rubbermaid white ice cube. I dont know about glow in the world from the message its.
Relations fantasy story one night in the ign uk team run head first at all compelling it comes to promotional products we offer a routine night in the magic that works download from all filehosts as hotels in love with highintensity glow in north america when it comes to promotional

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.498413
Retrieved Text: Find More Alabama Crimson Tide Gear Here!!
How do you tailgate at Bryant-Denny stadium? Show your University of Alabama Crimson Tide pride with a NCAA logo tailgating table.
These Alabama logo tables come in all different sizes and styles. Do you like to play beer pong? If so there is a logo Crimson Tide beer pong table for you. Do you like to set up an outdoor bar at your tailgate? If you do there is a Tide logo high top table for you!
Do you just need a table to put your food and drinks on? If so there is a fold out table with the Alabama logo for you!!
Tailgate or cookout in style with your Alabama Crimson Tide logo table today!!
Some of the best memories that I have are tailgating at Bryant-Denny Stadium. We used to go to the Alabama Crimson Tide home games more often when we lived in Alabama. We now live out of state but still go to at least one home game every year.
I cherish the times that I can reunite with my friends and spend the hours before kickoff tailgating and getting ready for the big game that day.
I love to tailgate! To me there is nothing like getting to the game early and spending a few hours with your friends hanging out. Some of the best tailgating tips can be found here.
Set up your outdoor bar at your next tailgate or backyard cookout with this Alabama Crimson Tide Aluminum High Top Folding Tailgate Table. Don’t just be the party spot, show

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.42704
Retrieved Text: Wicked Big Pong Reviews - Too Good to be True?
A Wicked Big Pong set will enable you to play a traditional beer pong game—but on a larger scale. Instead of plastic cups, within one of these sets, you'll get collapsible fabric cups that will accommodate balls as big as soccer balls or volleyballs. You'll be able to set up your beer pong game virtually anywhere, such as on the beach, at a park, in your yard or even on pavement. Transportation won't be hard, as each set comes with a carrying case.
The cost of Wicked Big Pong is $49.99 plus $9.99 shipping, for a total price of $59.98.
This price was obtained from the As Seen on TV commercial page ( wickedbigpong.com ) which was taken offline due to Wicked Big Pong being discontinued. Wicked Big Pong may still be found for sale on Amazon or Ebay.
Within each Wicked Big Pong set, you'll get six collapsible cups, so you'll be able to play a three cups on three cups game. These cups are almost as big as industrial-sized garbage cans, but are red like standard plastic beer pong cups.
Along with cups, each set also contains six blow-up bags and an air pump that will blow them up. You'll be able to toss a weighted bag in each cup to keep them all from blowing away if you're playing outdoors.
The last item you'll get with each set is a carrying case that you can fill with all your supplies and sling over your shoulder as you walk across

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.238163
Retrieved Text: These are the most popular drinking games. I took a survey of people, and listed the percentage that added all the games as their favorite. I also asked everyone for their secrets to create these games as enjoyable as possible. That is right, the classic American Game that everyone from college students to older adults in soccer games play rated number one. You cannot be around alcohol without visiting a beer pong table, and sometimes you see people just played with water. They make some pretty sick tables nowadays. Looking around online I found some remarkable custom tables with neon lights which were a few hundred bucks to some amazing football tailgate tables. A couple of people recommended buying a few of these new tables since they fold up easily, clean easily, and also have bottle openers attached – a few real life evidence of human innovation. Another popular beer pong / Beirut rule was enjoying civil war, which has 6 people playing at a time, and 18 cups each side.
A Couple of men loved the sport quarters, which is rather standard, but requires some coordination. If your world is spinning, it is really hard to spin and stop the quarter. I am not a huge fan of quarters, I’m more of a beer pong player myself, and refuse to go anywhere without a beer pong table or Beirut table. The last 15% was a variety of matches, Many of which I had never heard of, I envision more local games. Hey, making up your own

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.169567
Retrieved Text: Beer Pong Balls, 144 pack, 38mm, Great for Table Tennis & Ping Pong Tournaments $5.30 Sale!
Warehouse Beer Pong Balls, 144 pack, 38mm, Great for Table Tennis & Ping Pong Tournaments $5.30 Sale Online.
SKU: 44545551. Category: Beer Pong. Tag: Beer Pong, Sports & Outdoors, Toys & Games.
JUST ENOUGH BOUNCE: Sportly® knows that having just the right amount of bounce in your balls can make the difference between having a good night and having a bad night. Our beer pong balls give just the right lift to spring comfortably into a red solo cup.
SPECIAL WHITE SURFACE: We have created a super smooth, white surface which resists adherence to dust and lint. It’s blank quality also makes it ideal for use in crafts and art projects for kids and adults of all ages.
THE PERFECT SIZE: Our ping pong balls are circular with a perfect one inch circumference, which makes them ideal for games and sports of all kinds. Though not intended for regulation table tennis, you can even use them to play ping pong.
MADE TO BE HIGH QUALITY: Sportly® has created ping pong balls from top quality celluloid. They resist crushing and dents, and are made to withstand hours of play. Use them for all kinds of carnival play, party games, and decorations!
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED: Sportly® stands behind our products. If for whatever reason you are not fully pleased with our ping pong balls, please contact our customer care team right away and let us improve your experience.
We at Sportly® know that years from now, you’ll still be talking

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.111122
Retrieved Text: THE ULTIMATE PARTY BOARD GAME! The only game to combine all the “old-school” & “new-school” DRINKING GAMES into one! If you like BEER PONG, KINGS CUP, FLIP CUP, QUARTERS and all the BEST ADULT GAMES then you will love the DRINK-A-PALOOZA drinking game. Drinkapalooza is known by college students as the “BEST DRINKING GAME EVER!” Play it at your next game night and turn it into the best drinking party ever!
GET THE PARTY STARTED with DRINK-A-PALOOZA! No beer pong table required! It can be played in anyone’s kitchen and is equipped with all your partying needs. DAP drinking games come with beer pong balls (ping pong balls), spin the bottle, deck of playing cards, dice, six pack game pieces and mini beer bottles collected to win the game. Fill up your six pack to win! If you like to party; you will love this board game!
2 TO 12 PLAYERS make drink-a-palooza the best party games for two players and/or couples. Team up and play in teams of two for ultimate game play. Game night just got 1000x tastier! This board games for adults keeps everyone entertained all night and couldn’t make for a better evening of adult games for groups who love drinking party games. The variety of games for parties make it the most popular party games for adults and drinking parties worldwide.
DRINK-A-PALOOZA® is the best party games for adults and adult board games that mixes everyone’s favorite college drinking games and packs them into one. Whether you prefer beer, spirits, soda or water; YOU

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: One of the ping pongs lands in the cup and one of the boys begins to drink the beer. the group... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: of teens is sailing down the river with others sailing in the background.

Ending 2: gets up together and poses with their vests to celebrate.

Ending 3: continue to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.

Ending 4: does a trick and the liquid is poured on a second table.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.501583
Retrieved Text: Beer Pong is a popular drinking game that is played around the world and is also known by the name of Beirut. The game consists of two opposing teams, the players of which attempt to throw a ping pong ball across the table with a view to ensuring it lands in a cup of beer on the other side.
Beer pong is popular in wide range of venues such as bars, colleges, universities as well as house parties. It is thought to have evolved from similar games played at the fraternities of the Ivy League Dartmouth college in Hanover, New Hampshire. Here, the game began actually using bats and a net and resembled table tennis, but over time the game has become simpler and the use of bats or paddles has ceased. Because Beer Pong is a fun and informal drinking game, no official body or organisation exists to oversee the game and its rules, however there is a World Series of Beer Pong. It remains a popular game that requires a surprising amount of skill as well as a dash of luck, but because the game traditionally involves the use of alcohol, it should only be played by players who are of legal drinking age where the game is played.
The object of Beer Pong is for one team to win the game by successfully eliminating all of their opponent's cups. As this is a game that nearly always combines alcohol and students, then getting drunk is often seen by many as being the other object of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.102394
Retrieved Text: Now that Christmas is around the corner, Prosecco Pong is the perfect drinking game for a special evening with friends or family.
The rules are easy : Two teams stand opposite a long table and line up the prosecco glasses filled with your favourite fizzy drink.
Each player takes it in turns to throw a ping pong ball with the aim of getting it in your opponent’s cup.
If the ball lands in the cup, your opponent has to drink the prosecco. This game is finished until one team has lost all of their glasses. The winner is the one that has glasses left.
The drinking game from Talking Tables includes everything you need to get the party started. Twelve plastic prosecco glasses and three ping pong balls.
The offer is limited so hurry up!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.58458
Retrieved Text: I’m a busy guy, so I prefer to have the things I like to be combined and packaged together for the sake of expediency. I enjoy a little peanut butter in my chocolate, and I love the swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated. So naturally, as a person who plays ping-pong and drinks beer, I love the game of beer pong. For those of you who aren’t quite as sophisticated as me, allow me to explain the finer points of the trend that is sweeping college campuses these mid-week afternoons.
The beautiful (and oftentimes annoying) thing about beer pong is the rules are different depending on which part of the world you’re playing in. Actually, the rules may differ from room to room in the frat house. I’ll stick to the World Series of Beer Pong rules, since they will be the ones used during the championships held in Vegas, Jan. 1 through 5, 2010. Yes, believe it or not, there is a championship for throwing a ping-pong ball into a cup full of Pabst Blue Ribbon. For the first time in history, a person can be a world-class athlete while drinking beer, though I don’t believe anyone can get a scholarship to Stanford for it … yet.
Beer pong has some technical rules (nerds who care about stuff like the required 27.5-inch table height can go to bpong.com and learn about the league cup size down to the millimeter). There are also some very un-technical rules, like, “No player may take offense to anything said or done during

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.06273
Retrieved Text: THE ULTIMATE PARTY BOARD GAME! The only game to combine all the “old-school” & “new-school” DRINKING GAMES into one! If you like BEER PONG, KINGS CUP, FLIP CUP, QUARTERS and all the BEST ADULT GAMES then you will love the DRINK-A-PALOOZA drinking game. Drinkapalooza is known by college students as the “BEST DRINKING GAME EVER!” Play it at your next game night and turn it into the best drinking party ever!
GET THE PARTY STARTED with DRINK-A-PALOOZA! No beer pong table required! It can be played in anyone’s kitchen and is equipped with all your partying needs. DAP drinking games come with beer pong balls (ping pong balls), spin the bottle, deck of playing cards, dice, six pack game pieces and mini beer bottles collected to win the game. Fill up your six pack to win! If you like to party; you will love this board game!
2 TO 12 PLAYERS make drink-a-palooza the best party games for two players and/or couples. Team up and play in teams of two for ultimate game play. Game night just got 1000x tastier! This board games for adults keeps everyone entertained all night and couldn’t make for a better evening of adult games for groups who love drinking party games. The variety of games for parties make it the most popular party games for adults and drinking parties worldwide.
DRINK-A-PALOOZA® is the best party games for adults and adult board games that mixes everyone’s favorite college drinking games and packs them into one. Whether you prefer beer, spirits, soda or water; YOU

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.04203
Retrieved Text: “Ultimate Games Guide” is a 52 page ebook which teaches you how to play dozens of the all-time best beer games and party games.
Again as with most games of this sort variations exist from region to region. Beer Pong game requires more of an equipment investment, but will provide hours of entertainment. You need a ping pong ball and a flat table, Beer Pong Tables are available and are made to the right specifications for the game; however a beer pong table can be fashioned from any ordinary Ping Pong table, kitchen table or outside trestle table, you also need 12-20 Pints (474ml glasses) preferable plastic ones, half filled with beer – low alcohol beer is preferable. And two teams of any number of players.
Each team has 6 or 10 cups of beer arranged in a triangle formation, they each take turns to serve the ball at the opposing teams beer cups, when a ball is successfully landed into an opponents cup, a member of that team must drink the contents of the cup. The loser is the team that has to drink all their cups first. There are many different rules about the serving methods, contents of the cups and other aspects of the beer game.
Awesome guys, I experience been look for this info whole around, there are no online information or any website or articles indited virtually this information. I went an email about this from my friend, it was selfsame important for me. The information you people receive given here is really selfsame

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.390438
Retrieved Text: Download roulette xtreme for free. Games downloads - Roulette Xtreme by UX Software and many more programs are available for instant and free download. Roulette xtreme full version. Roulette Xtreme Gratis - free download suggestions. How to uninstall Roulette Xtreme Version by UX Software? Learn how to remove Roulette Xtreme Version from your computer.
Compare and contrast results and find the system that works for you and your budget. Roulette Xtreme can run and test systems and shows you when and how to bet and even when to quit.
Graph your sessions and decide which system is right for you. Use Roulette Xtreme when you are playing on-line or apply it to your play in live casinos. Don't be confused by all the options with roulette betting. Roulette Xtreme will show you how to be a confident, winning player. RX Bot comes with a trial mode for the user to try before purchase. The trial mode operates for 5 minutes each application use.
Буквально через несколько минут негр был обнаженным со стоячим черным хуем, девка надрачивала его, а сама в это время уже была полуголой. Теперь довольный мужчина жарит потаскуху в рот, жопу и влагалище. Дело в том, что у многих мужиков присутствует тяга к худеньким красоткам.
"As long as this was seen as a gay disease. made out a check that bounced.
Sure, college is supposed to be about expanding your mind and working towards the degree that will someday help to land you a job. However, for most college kids, partying is also a cornerstone of the college experience.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.35888
Retrieved Text: Chase Treibt and his four brothers are changing beer pong for the better.
After his friend swallowed a hair that had been wrapped around a ping-pong ball, Chase and his bros invented Slip Cup, a product that cleans up beer pong and widens its appeal beyond college frat parties.
A Slip Cup is a mini-cup with a thin rim that catches the ping-pong ball and keeps it from contaminating your brewskie. They're made from recycled plastic and they fit into both 16- and 18-ounce disposable cups.
Flaps inside the cup prevent it from popping out — and since Slip Cups are center-weighted, you can say goodbye to spilled beer.
The brothers, who hail from Brookfield, Connecticut, launched the product on Kickstarter, where they've already exceeded their fundraising goal. We got on the phone with Chase to learn more about Slip Cup and why beer pong isn't just a college game.
BUSINESS INSIDER: Were you surprised that you surpassed your $70,000 Kickstarter goal in just 10 days?
CHASE TREIBT: Oh it's amazing. I have to be honest, it's really cool because we didn't think it was going to be this big this quickly. We thought we had a good idea, but everyone seems to just really like it — even adults, and that's why we've been able to get so much press and so many people to share it.
BI: So who exactly is the target demographic?
CT: It's definitely college students, but we believe it's like video games. Our parents played video games ... and they're not going to stop playing video games. Our

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.615078
Retrieved Text: Beer pong is one of the most popular drinking games in the world. It has many special rules and variations. Since this is a party games site, I'll present the simplest and most fun version that will get your guests drinking and having fun, plus some solutions for those that don't have enough space or the whole beer pong equipment.
The game is always played between two teams or two players. Whenever a cup is hit, the opposing player/team has to down that cup of beer and the cup is removed from the table.
If you have a beer pong table, another kind of a big table or a pingpong table, you can play two sided. Arrange ten cups on each side. Each team takes a side and shoots ping pong balls into the cup of the opposite team.
Don't have a beer pong table or a big kitchen table? No problem. Set up the cups on your table, but only on one side. Each team then takes turns throwing the ball. You can play two rounds for each pair of teams to make up for the lack of one side.
There are some special rules that you can implement or should discus before the start of the game.
Whenever someone bounces the ball of the table and hits a cup, the opposite team has to drink that cup plus another one.
How far across the table can you reach when throwing the ball? Wrist or elbows behind the edge? You should decide before you start playing.
You could allow re-stacking of the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.82557
Retrieved Text: LOOKING FOR THINGS TO DO IN COLORADO SPRINGS?
Gather your friends for beer and pizza night at Joey’s Pizza! While we know that there are many Colorado Springs places you could attend, Joey’s is the perfect place to meet for an after-work get-together.
Hangout with Friends, watch the game, enjoy a basket of garlic knots, big slices of NY pizza, bottles of Laughing Lab or Blue Moon, and play a game of beer bong or darts!
Ever wondered where to find a dart league? Well now if your chance to join one of ours, or start your own!
There are different ways to play darts, but the basic premise is you start off with a certain number of points and your goal is to get down to zero. This is where precise aim comes into play: you only have three darts to make that goal, so aim for the middle!
Motivated to learn how to play darts? Join one of our dart leagues or just play a few games when you are here to get started!
The modern version of darts (including the board!) dates back to the beginning of the 19th Century as a pastime for bored soldiers.
There are over 100 different professional darts organizations! Two of the most popular is the American Darters Association and the National Darts Association.
Dart league rules are mostly standard across the different professional groups, with some variation.
All ages can play darts and exercise their math skills!
Beer pong is a fun drinking game that is a simple game that players can build on with complex rules

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.273087
Retrieved Text: Tired of being sober from winning at other drinking games? This game pits you and a friend against another pair of players. To win this game you actually WANT to out-drink your opponent. The first team to chug their beers first wins the game!
Two teams of two stand together at opposite ends of the table.
Each player has an unopened can of beer placed at the four corners of the table.
Decide who goes first (whether it be a coin toss, previous victor, etc.) and that person starts off with the ping pong ball.
The player starting off must throw the ping pong ball at the opponents beer diagonal from them.
If the ball makes contact with the beer can (ding!) then the person who "threw" the ball must grab their beer, open it, and chug.
The defending team (the team who is not throwing) must fetch the ball that dinked their beer.
Whoever retrieves the ball first must pass it to their teammate and the teammate must catch the ping pong ball.
If they successfully catch the ping pong ball they must touch it to the table.
If the ball is passed and dropped then whoever dropped the ball must pick it up and pass it back to their teammate.
Once the ball is touched to the table the person chugging must quit drinking immediately.
After a successful or unsuccessful throw the ball is given to the next player in the rotation.
This continues until the first team finishes both of their beers.
When someone finishes their beer it MUST BE EMPTY! Our rule is if you

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.753004
Retrieved Text: Anyway, you can check out our Beer Pong friends. Beer Pong is a drinking game in which players attempt to throw ping pong balls across a table into an opponent's half-filled cups of beer. Players are not obligated to drink the beer from a cup that has been hit, but is fun to, though. The first player to hit all their opponent's cups wins. For sanitary reasons a cup of water is kept at either end of the table to wash the balls off after each throw, but if you've ever played you know it doesn't really help. Table size, number of players/cups, and house rules concerning bounces, misses, and crossovers vary depending on the college/fraternity/drinking club involved.
A hamburger (or just burger) is a sandwich consisting of a cooked patty of beef meat placed inside a sliced bread roll. Hamburgers are often served with lettuce, bacon, tomato, onion, pickles, cheddar cheese and condiments such as mustard, mayonnaise and ketchup. The hamburger has attained widespread popularity and has proliferated worldwide.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.654793
Retrieved Text: A new bowling alley and late-night alternative venue is getting ready to open its doors to Brummies.
It will open in Birmingham on Friday August 3 at The Cube -housed in a empty unit formerly occupied by the short lived Geisha nightclub which closed in March 2017.
The new Birmingham Lane7 venue will include a UV-lit private karaoke booth for up to 16 and ping-pong tables, which can also be used for-beer pong - a drinking game in which players throw a ping pong ball across a table with the intent of landing the ball in a cup of beer on the other end.
There will also be several arcades including retro games like Donkey Kong and Pac-Man.
Prices have not yet been released for Birmingham - but they are available for the Newcastle outlet.
There bowling at peak times costs £8 per person per game, pool is £12 per table for an hour, ping pong is £12 per table at peak times for an hour and beer pong £15 including 4 cans of Red Stripe.
The focus is on bowling with nine state-of-the-art bowling lanes, split into three different sections on the ground level of The Cube.
Tim Wilks, founder of Lane7 said: “We’ve seen loads of interest since we announced we would be coming to the Midlands, so we knew we had to make this site special.
Unfortunately, we’ve been brainwashed for the last 20 years into thinking bowling is about plastic seats and plastic hot dogs in the dreary retail park.
The arcades, karaoke, beer and ping-pong have been a huge hit

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.543516
Retrieved Text: Beer pong, also known as Beirut, is a form of drinking game that involves athleticism, strategy and experience. Born from the traditional, paddled beer pong that incorporated ping pong paddles, beirut is a paddle-less version of this old and tested form of a drinking game.
There are many different ways to play beer pong, or beirut, but the most widespread version is the 10-cup triangle. Just like in bowling, form the 10 cups into a triangle and fill each cup either 1/4 or 1/3 of the way full with beer (or whatever you prefer). The game is split into teams of 2 who are trying to eliminate the opponents beers by shooting a ping pong ball into their cups. This is where a water cup comes in handy as not every shot will make it, you will need something to rinse off the balls with.
There are many different rules for beirut that are dependant upon region and groups. The one rule that is transcendent among the beer pong community is to finish your beer before you shoot. The only way to make this game fair, is if everyone is drinking. So keep your cups up and your beers down, this is going to be a fun ride.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.06671
Retrieved Text: Make beer pong a lot more fun and interesting with Naked Pong sticker packs.
Naked Pong comes with a set of 20 stickers that go on the bottom of your beer pong cups.
Simply affix the stickers on the bottom of regular party cups and play normally. Once a player sinks a ball, the opposing player drinks the contents and then flips over the cup to reveal the consequence. That player needs to remove a piece of clothing, the shooter needs to remove a piece of clothing, the player adds a piece of clothing or the player is safe and does not have to do anything.
Keep playing until all the cups are eliminated or someone is completely NAKED!
Could also be used for Flip Cup as well.
For complete rules and how to play Naked Pong, read the entire product description below.
Put the blue stickers on the bottom outside of player one’s cups (one sticker per cup.) Put the red stickers on the bottom outside of player two’s cups. Rack your cups and begin a normal game of beer pong. However, do not look at the bottom of the cups as you set them up. After a ball lands in your cup, drink the beer and then turn the cup over to learn your fate. (See below) Continue playing until one of the players (or in the case of a team, both players) are completely naked!
1) If you go through all of your cups and there still isn’t a winner, re-rack your cups and keep playing.
2) If you get a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.642982
Retrieved Text: Caution- This one might leave you totally wasted. In Power Hour you and your partner will have to drink 60 shots of vodka in 60 minutes, or in other words, one shot per minute. Whoever makes it through the entire hour wins. While this game could be extreme for many, it is undoubtedly fun and exciting.
Truth or Dare or Drink is just like the popular game Truth or Dare, but with a little twist. You start with spinning the bottle and whoever’s turn comes has a choice to “dare or drink” or “truth or drink”. So, if he choose former than he has to perform the asked dare, or else drink a shot of vodka. In the same way in latter either he could answer a question truthfully, or drink.
If you love playing chess then this is the perfect game for you. In this you play chess with your partner, in the usual way. However in this instead of using chess pieces such as pawns, knight, etc. which are made from wood or plastic, you will use glasses of different shapes and sizes for them. For pawns you can use vodka shots, and for kind and knight you can use pitchers. Every time a piece dies the concerned player has to drink the glasses which is used for the piece.
Flip cup has become quite common now. However, it still is one of the most fun drinking games. In this both players have to chug a beer from a plastic cup as fast as they can. When

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.461311
Retrieved Text: If you've ever been drinking at a house party with Americans then you'll more than likely already be aware of the ins and outs of this amazing drinking game. If not, then let us give you the low-down. Essentially, you arrange six cups at both ends of a long, thin table like in the picture above. Into each cup you pour beer. You then split into two teams and each attempt to throw a ping pong ball into the opposing team's cups of beer. Each time you succeed, they have to drink the contents of that cup. The aim is to continue playing until all of one team's cups have been drunk. And then you play again. After not very long, everybody will be feeling pretty boozy and will have had a great, competitive time doing it! So, this got us thinking about how we could create a stag do dare using this fun game. The answer is simple: you must get an entire pub playing beer pong with you! This could be fairly easy if you are enjoying a stag weekend in a local village pub but if you are in a busy town centre boozer it could be a little more difficult. The best way to get going of course is to choose a centrally-located table and just start. People will naturally gravitate to you on the promise of hasty drunkenness. Of course if you end up with twenty people on each team you'll need to get more cups of beer set up and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.335775
Retrieved Text: Beer Pong Balls, 144 pack, 38mm, Great for Table Tennis & Ping Pong Tournaments $5.30 Sale!
Warehouse Beer Pong Balls, 144 pack, 38mm, Great for Table Tennis & Ping Pong Tournaments $5.30 Sale Online.
SKU: 44545551. Category: Beer Pong. Tag: Beer Pong, Sports & Outdoors, Toys & Games.
JUST ENOUGH BOUNCE: Sportly® knows that having just the right amount of bounce in your balls can make the difference between having a good night and having a bad night. Our beer pong balls give just the right lift to spring comfortably into a red solo cup.
SPECIAL WHITE SURFACE: We have created a super smooth, white surface which resists adherence to dust and lint. It’s blank quality also makes it ideal for use in crafts and art projects for kids and adults of all ages.
THE PERFECT SIZE: Our ping pong balls are circular with a perfect one inch circumference, which makes them ideal for games and sports of all kinds. Though not intended for regulation table tennis, you can even use them to play ping pong.
MADE TO BE HIGH QUALITY: Sportly® has created ping pong balls from top quality celluloid. They resist crushing and dents, and are made to withstand hours of play. Use them for all kinds of carnival play, party games, and decorations!
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED: Sportly® stands behind our products. If for whatever reason you are not fully pleased with our ping pong balls, please contact our customer care team right away and let us improve your experience.
We at Sportly® know that years from now, you’ll still be talking

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.169434
Retrieved Text: "Rails is all about conventions. Broken by default is not a good convention."
Too true. The issue ping-pongs back and forth, but the core idea here is visibility of mechanisms and application behavior. Hiding implementation details can be too much of a good thing, when people really need to know about the behavioral consequences of their actions.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.08404
Retrieved Text: Where mcdonald's gets their french fries. Allegedly.
Before the game begins all players gather in a circle. One player from each team is given a ping pong ball. When the countdown begins or when the music starts playing. Players must keep handing their ping pong ball to the person on their left. When the song ends or the countdown stops. The players holding the ping pong ball have tp take a shot of Vodka.
When starting the game players from each team face off to see who goes first. Instead of doing eye-to-eye shooters must look at each other in the eyes. Then do their best to cross their eyes and shoot. If players tie then they face off again until someone wins the face off.
On the first throw of your turn if you make the very center cup. You must pull your pants down and shoot like this until you make it next. If you don't want to do this or you're already naked. Then the cup you made remains in play and doesn't get pulled.
That's right! Only one re-rack so use it wisely. Must call your re-rack before you or your teammate throw.
This style of play makes it so that each player only is given 3 chances to bounce a ball into a cup. After that they can no longer pull 2 cups if a ball bounces in. Players must announce their bounce and no one can slap it out of the way if they do.
If you and your teammate both make your shot into an

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.914024
Retrieved Text: « Indoor Hot Tubs vs. Outdoor Hot Tubs – Which is Better?
Our last blog post on games in the Hot Tub or Spa focused on “Family” games to play in the hot tub. We started with floating checkers and wrapped it up with the game of Uno, with its waterproof playing cards.
Today’s post is for the adults – games that a group of friends can play in the spa to pass the time, and make spa time more fun.
This game is a classic “Don’t Make Me Laugh” game. The object is to not laugh, while saying either Ha Ha, Ho Ho, or Hee Hee.
It can be played as a drinking game, although we suggest non-alcoholic drinks while in the hot tub. To play the game, the first person in the circle of players will say “Ha Ha”. The person to their right or left will then have to say “Ho Ho”, and the person next to them says “Hee Hee”.
Play continues around the hot tub until somebody chuckles. Smiling is OK, but if you chuckle audibly, you are either out of the game, or play stops while you take a drink, or suffer some other form of funishment.
If you’ve never filled up a water balloon to the size of your head, you just haven’t lived! For this game, have on hand some large size colored balloons, which you pass out to the contestants. Give everyone a balloon, or make teams of two people.
When everyone has their balloon, they hold it over the spa jets and fill

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.70246
Retrieved Text: Density layers/floating demonstrations: – LABNETWEST Inc.
Then, gently drop in a marble which will sink to the bottom.
Followed by a 10c coin which sits on top of the honey.
Then a piece of Perspex (cut up biro tube) which sits on top of the water.
Then a piece of flat plastic which sits on top of the paraffin oil.
Finally a polystyrene ball which floats on top of the meths.
2.Set up a jar with marble-glycerol (or golden syrup)-perspex (acrylic)-water-candle wax-paraffin (or olive oil)-small dob of petroleum jelly-methylated spirits-wood.
3. Use a strong copper sulfate solution eg saturated, with kerosene on the top and 3 ping-pong balls. Two of the ping-pong balls have been filled with a certain amount of lead shot. So, one ball will sink to the bottom, one will float in between the copper sulfate & kero and the unweighted ping-pong will sit on top of the kero.
Firstly with the ping-pongs, the empty one should weigh ~2.13g and will float on top of the kero. The other two I filled with very small lead shot (2mm diameter) by drilling a very small hole in each and filling one to a total weight (ball plus shot) of 32.49g and the other 24.42g. Seal with Araldite.
If the hole is larger, it is difficult to seal. If too large, place a small square of paper over the hole, then seal with Araldite.
Before sealing, you might want to test the weights first by sealing temporarily with blu-tack and dropping them in the liquids.
You may have to change the weights a little to suit.
In

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.45558
Retrieved Text: In 2011 a most outrageously cool new businesses was launched in Wilmington, North Carolina. Freaker USA is the leading provider of the drink insulator cosy. These keep your hands dry while holding a wet bottle. Each is a sassy representation of something or someone. For example, there’s one for Hump Day featuring a camel, of course. Another is named Babewatch. Others are cleverly named Packstreet Boys, Kim Jong Illest, Shaquille O’Peel (picturing a banana), Unicorn on the Cob (pink unicorn in glitter yarn), Irrigator (alligator), Forrest Dump and the Tooth Fairy (walrus). Each Freaker can be slipped over a beer bottle, soda can or your baby’s sippy cup.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.296297
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the launch of the 6th Annual Sore Eye Cup, an award for the best, regularly produced indie beer in San Diego! Last year was a resounding success, Oatmeal Stout from Benchmark Brewing won! That, along with the only member of the Sore Eye Cup Hall of Fame, Speedway Stout, are the only two regularly produced, indie beers ineligible for this contest. You guys set records for nominations and votes last year, well done!
We will honor the winning craft beer with an actual cup! At the announcement party, we’ll fill it up with the winning beer and the winning brewery will drink from the cup right then, as is tradition! The winners can then bask in the glory of victory and have bragging rights for an entire year.
Here are the rules: beers nominated must be brewed here in San Diego County by a licensed, independent, craft brewery. They must be beers the brewery makes year round; seasonal, special versions, one offs, nitro versions and casks are not allowed. The beers do not need to be packaged (cans or bottles), just made all year long and available for growler fills (so we can buy some to judge). We’re looking for superior indie beers that are available to everyone in SD.
Nominate your favorite beer(s) by emailing me at Sore Eye Cup, tweet me (@SoreEyeSuds) , tag your nomination #SoreEyeCup in Twitter, comment on the post in Facebook, or comment right here on this post. Nominations are open until June 30th at 8pm. Voting down to the 10

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.18607
Retrieved Text: (Alpine, WY— May 30, 2017) — Portland’s Lardo’s on Hawthorne welcomes Wyoming’s Melvin Brewing for a week long of Wu Tang antics—17 beer tap takeover, Wu-Tang, Kung Fu, and the World’s Greatest Ping Pong show.
Kicking off June 8th for Portland’s Beer Week, the taps will flow through June 15th.
— 17 Melvin beers on Tap!
Time: 5 pm until they shut it down.
Melvin Brewing was founded in 2009 by Jeremy Tofte and Kirk McHale to fulfill their need to drink the biggest, most exciting West-Coast Style IPAs in Jackson, WY. Experimenting on a 30-gallon, then three-barrel brew house system, they developed the Melvin IPA and 2×4 Imperial IPA, which went on to win gold medals at the 2012 Great American Beer Festival, back-to-back Alpha King awards in 2012 and 2013, and a Gold Medal at the World Beer Cup. On the strength of these and other beer brands, Melvin Brewing was awarded the 2015 Small Brew Pub and Small Brew Pub Brewer of the year.
Melvin brewing now has more than 40 amazing beer recipes to its name, expanding its portfolio of hoppy beers and other styles with brands or beer styles such as ChChCh-Cherry Bomb (fruit beer), Killer Bees (honey ale), Coffee Ruckus (coffee Imperial stout), Wu’Wit (Belgian wit) and Hey Zeus! (Mexican lager).
In 2015, Melvin Brewing opened its production facility in Alpine, WY, brewing out of a new 30-barrel brew house. Kirk will keep manning the three-barrel system in the back of Jackson, Wyoming’s Thai Me Up Restaurant to keep creating some of the most exciting beers

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.133612
Retrieved Text: Every one of the batches were 5 gallons, making my 2nd quarter volume 25 gallons (let me know if you want me to walk you through the calculated formula for determining that total). I am on pace for 100 gallons in 2015. Last year, I was at 35 gallons by the end of the 2nd quarter, so I am considerably beating last year's pace.
Of the 5 batches, 3 were brand new recipes (Melting Stream, Bad Lands, Gzombie Gnome). I am at 6 new recipes for 2015 so far putting me on pace for 12 new recipes by the end of the year. For what it is worth, I brewed 10 new recipes last year down from 14 the year before.
I didn't brew any lagers this quarter, leaving me at 1 lager so far for the year. I expect to brew at least one in Q3.
Of course, all my batches have been All Grain.
All these batches were kegged. My bottle collection is dwindling, so I will probably have to make an effort to get some beer bottled soon.
I got two of my Seasonal Saisons brewed this quarter. Last year, I skipped spring, so Melting Stream Spring Saison is brand new, and tasted fantastic. The recipe for Hail Storm Summer Saison changed just a little bit. Instead of Styrian Goldings hops, I used Tettnang. No reason, really. Just decided to grab different hops at the store.
Gzombie Gnome Gapocalypse is a wonderfully interesting beer. It is sort of English Mild meets Oatmeal Stout meets rye. It turned out tasting

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.94131
Retrieved Text: PALM BEACH GARDENS, FLA. (April 17, 2018) – As the countdown begins to the 11th Junior Ryder Cup at Disneyland Paris in Marne-la-Vallée, France, Sept. 24-25, the PGA of America has announced the official qualifying events and eligibility rules for the selection of the 2018 United States Junior Ryder Cup Team.
The U.S. Team will feature six boys and six girls who are U.S. citizens and members of the high school graduating class of 2019, or younger. In addition to the Junior Ryder Cup, there will be a coinciding Friendship Match at Le Golf National, site of the 2018 Ryder Cup, on Sept. 26. As well, the U.S. and European Junior Ryder Cup Teams will be a part of the Opening Ceremonies on Sept. 27. The American team is vying for its sixth straight victory in the biennial competition.
The six girls who qualify for the 2018 U.S. Junior Ryder Cup Team will be announced on July 23, following the U.S. Girls Junior Championship. The six boys who will join them on the team will be announced following the conclusion of the Boys Junior PGA Championship on Aug. 3. There will be 10 players who qualify as exemptions and two Captain’s picks.
*If the Girls Junior PGA Champion and/or Boys Junior PGA Champion is not eligible, the next highest ranked player on the corresponding U.S. Junior Ryder Cup points list will be selected. In the event of a tie for 2nd place between two eligible players in either the Girls Junior PGA Championship and/or Boys Junior PGA Championship, there

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.931082
Retrieved Text: Three men, an Australian, a Scotsman, and an Irishman, are crossing the road, when a bus runs them all over, killing them instantly. They appear before Saint Peter, who prepares to let them into Heaven.
But when Saint Peter looks at his clipboard, he gets all embarrassed. Shamefaced, he explains that there's been a mix-up, and that the three shouldn't have been killed today at all. To make up for it, Saint Peter says that they can ride down on the Heavenly slide back to earth, and if they yell out their favourite drink on the way down, then they'll land in a big vat of it, and they can drink to their hearts' content.
The Aussie is first on the slide. On the way down, he shouts out "Aussie beer", and he lands in a large vat of beer, and starts guzzling it down.
The Scotsman is next on the slide. On the way down, he shouts out "Scotch whiskey", and he lands in a large vat of whiskey, and starts to drink as much as he possibly can.
Last one to go is the Irishman. On the way down, he's having such a fun ride on the slide, that he shouts out "Wheeeeee".

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.852413
Retrieved Text: A behind-the-scenes look for all beer lovers and aspiring brewers.
Beer, Brats & Brewery Tour Dillinger Brewing Company 3895 N. Oracle Rd.
The brewery tour gives you an in-depth look at the local brewing process as you snoop around the tank and mill rooms.
The taproom is family friendly, too. You can bring the kids down for board games, card games, and pints of Dillinger’s Prohibition Root Beer.
Tickets are $35 per person and just $20 for children. Each ticket includes the brewery tour, a choice of a brat or hot dog from Doxie Dogs, chips, and a pint of any beer or a root beer.
Dillinger Brewing Company and The Boys & Girls Clubs of Tucson are hosting the second annual “Beer, Brats & Brewery Tour” from 11:30 a.m. – 2:30 p.m. on Sunday, October 14.
After brewing commercially for more than 30 years, head brewer, John Ritter, has got a lot to share. Some of his signature styles of beer — including the IPA, Amber, Gose, Ale, Porter, and Stout — have helped him achieve national medals at the Great American Beer Festival and the World Beer Cup.
Tickets are $35 per person and just $20 for kids and those who’d rather not drink beer. Each ticket includes the brewery tour, a choice of a brat or hot dog from Doxie Dogs, chips, and a pint of any beer or a root beer.
All proceeds from this event will benefit the Boys & Girls Clubs of Tucson.
Dillinger Brewing Company is located at 3895 N. Oracle Rd. For more information, call (520) 207-2312

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.835716
Retrieved Text: Drinking lighter and bitter beer with new cups - taizhou jasli houseware co.,ltd.
Pint cups are cheap and easy to buy. The regular bar uses a pint cup for easy storage and cleaning. The shape of the pint cup is approximately cylindrical with a slight vertebral body characteristic and the mouth is slightly larger. The pint is actually a unit of measure, 1 product is approximately 0.57L, and 1 product is approximately 0.47L.
There are 2 types of common pint cups. One is the American pint cup, which is mainly used to drink American Ale and Lager. The second is the English-style pint cup, with a raised circle in the cup. It was originally designed to prevent the cup from slipping out of the hand, and later became the baseline for pouring wine. British-style pint cups are mainly used in British-style Erlang and Bragg. In addition, there is a pint glass called English Dimpled Pint, which was very popular in the 1980s and gradually disappeared. Today, British pubs have begun to popularize such glasses, mainly for drinking lighter and bitter beer.
The flute is somewhat like a slender, slender goblet of Champagne. Its narrow shape makes it possible to stir up enough foam when pouring beer. Bubbles can be displayed better. Plus, if the beer is clear and bright, it will look very good. It is a glass that emphasizes visual effects. In addition, the tall design can also avoid the palms touching the cup to warm the beer. This kind of wine glass is mainly suitable for light-colored

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.457159
Retrieved Text: Thursday marked a sad day in tennis history.
It was bound to happen: a drone crash-landed in the middle of a women’s match at the U.S. Open on Thursday night, proving that New York City’s last sacred communal ground, where everyone drinks cocktails, ping-pongs their gaze to follow tennis balls, and politely cheers only between points, has been defiled forever.
According to ESPN, the drone was allegedly piloted by a Brooklyn teacher who was arrested and charged with “reckless endangerment and operating a drone in a New York City public park outside of prescribed area.” The players, Flavia Pennetta and Monica Niculescu, were slightly rattled—Pennetta said that she thought the noise from the drone was from a bomb—but kept the match going afterward.

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: There's a nbc news reporter wearing a red sweater and white shirt talking about dog grooming by scissor wizard a grooming company. the representative from the company... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows.

Ending 2: speaks to a woman sitting on a colorful conference room chair next to a brown dog kennel in front of them.

Ending 3: tells viewers about a dog grooming company, itv with a website.

Ending 4: in grey sweater and black pants talks about the procedures on grooming dogs in life and techniques.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 41.270763
Retrieved Text: On-Screen: Dark text on a white background reads: “HKNC Success Story: Adam’s Career Journey Begins” with the Helen National Center logo on the bottom. The scene than changes to a young man wearing a dark blue button down shirt and white suit coat, sitting in an office, speaking.
Adam: My name is Adam Cruz. I'm 27 years old. I'm from California, and I have Usher Syndrome, type 2. It is one of those rare eye disorders, and hearing disorders that really changed my life, in a sense that I have been very limited to what I can do— What I'm capable of doing. Being able to travel at night has been very difficult, and communicating with my friends and family and peers is also a challenge. It's really hard, and it's something that not everyone can cope with, but at the same time, it's something thatI have to go through on a daily basis.
On-Screen: The scene changes to a white background with black text that reads: “How did HKNC assist you in developing your career goals?” The scene then changes back to the man speaking.
Adam: What I wanted to do at first, was become a politician. That was my main drive. But eventually, when I came here, I had a change of heart. I realized that there are people here that need a lot more support. After I completed my training here, I went back home, with a clear mind that you know what— I need to do something that's going to be impactful. I want to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.27369
Retrieved Text: Tavi Gevinson and Hailee Steinfeld at Disneyland Park in Anaheim, California on Nov. 10.
Awwww, you guyssss. There's an adorable friendship blossoming between Hailee Steinfeld and fashion blogger Tavi Gevison, and we LOVE. IT. I mean, how did no one pair up these two cuties even sooner? They both got their start in the fashion biz at a super young age (Hailee modeled for Guess when she was a wee bay-beh, and Tavi started her oh-so-famous Style Rookie blog at only 11 years old), and they are both super stylish teens that were born in the same year. (1996 to make you feel really old/ancient/like you're teetering on death row.) But, can we just talk about their bestie style for a second? How cute are those Minnie and Mickey mouse ears? Tavi's sporting a miniature wizard hat, while Hailee opted for a sequin bow pair of mouse ears. Awww! For their outfits, Tavi is wearing a mixed prints sequin poodle sweater and bow skirt ensemble, while Hailee sports a graphic tee with a black sweater and jeans. Look closely at Hailee's shirt, though! It's totally a street style shot (an homage to Tavi, we hope!), which we love, and check out those NAILS. She's got white and red polka dots to channel her inner Minnie Mouse. So adorable we can't handle it.
Hailee Steinfeld and Tavi Gevinson at Disneyland Park in Anaheim, California on Nov. 10.
Weeeeeee! They even ride rides together! Plus, this is a KILLER shot of Hailee's nails. (We might need to copy this nail art

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.049553
Retrieved Text: The FBI is offering a reward of up to $15,000 for information that will lead to the identification, arrest, and conviction of the subject in this investigation.
During the robberies, the suspect always used a white cloth to cover his face. He also had some facial hair.
The FBI requests the public’s assistance in identifying the individual responsible for the crimes listed below.
On November 17, 2014, a Black male subject entered the Rite Aid on J. Clyde Morris Boulevard in Newport News, Virginia, and approached the pharmacy counter demanding “Oxy”. The subject was wearing a black zip-up sweat shirt, a white shirt, dark pants, black shoes and a white ball cap with a black logo and a flat bill.
On October 26, 2014, a Black male subject entered the CVS on West Mercury Boulevard in Hampton, Virginia, and demanded Oxycodone pills in specific doses from the pharmacist while displaying a handgun in his pocket. The subject was wearing black pants, a gray short-sleeved shirt with a patch on the left sleeve, and a white baseball hat.
On October 10, 2014, a Black male subject entered the CVS on Touchstone Circle in Woodbridge, Virginia, and demanded Oxycodone pills from the pharmacist while exposing a black handgun in his waistband. The subject was wearing a black sweater and a white and red hat.
On October 10, 2014, a Black male subject entered the Rite Aid on South Joyce Street in Arlington, Virginia, and approached the pharmacist, while displaying a black handgun and asking where the Oxycodone pills were kept. The subject was wearing

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.636417
Retrieved Text: Groom Professional Complete Frame. Dog Bathing Accessories. Groom Professional Complete Frame This complete frame slides comfortably into your bath in order to keep dogs raised out of the water. Keeps dog raised out of water Fits comfortably into your bath Frame measures 61cm x 121cm (approx) Fram .... .
Melissa Verplank Notes from the Grooming Table 2nd Edition. Books. Note from the Grooming Table 2nd Edition Updated version of the best selling Notes From The Grooming Table book. This second edition features 145 more pages with 51 new breeds, remastered tools section, comb guard section, functions of dog gro .... .
Roseline Curved Scissor Range. Scissors. Roseline Curved Scissor Range Roseline Scissors are now widely accepted as some of the best professional grooming scissors available. Their philosophy and motivation is to "unite the tradition of scissor production with the best technology and .... .
Roseline Wide 8.25"" Scissor. Scissors. Roseline Wide Scissors (8.25") Roseline are now widely accepted as some of the best professional grooming scissors available. Their philosophy and motivation is to "unite the tradition of scissor production with the best technology and innovat .... .
Nutram S8 Large Breed Adult Natural Dog. Food & Treats. Nutram S8 Large Breed Adult Natural Dog S8 Nutram Large Breed Adult Natural Dog Food is a Holistic, multi-beneficial and nutrient-rich recipe that improves your pets wellness from the inside-out. Our Holistic approach starts with digestion th .... .
Kenchii Refurbished Scissors. Scissors. Kenchii Refurbished Scissors These refurbished scissors have been cleaned, sharpened and restored by our in-house scissor specialist. Kenchii 'Love' Range Level

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.617912
Retrieved Text: Beyoncé in Balmain for coachella 2018 shirt, Hoodie, tank top and sweater. This shirt the official design from ImageXshirt.com. Available for T-shirt, hoodie, tank top, long sleeve, sweater, youth tee, onesie for men and women. Click on the red button to buy this shirt.
Well, since you’re clearly our resident expert, stop quoting your c.v and get busy making some tasty sandwiches, man! Beyoncé in Balmain for coachella 2018 shirt people out here. Angela Hunter, There’s nothing heathenly about it! Where I come from, southern buttermilk biscuit er scones must be liberally slathered with butter. That’s what makes them delicious! Buy fast it before losing it forever!
Yea hazel has been over the top for some reason but glad to see masika Masikaome action bc she was always running away and just talking. Now only if her and alexis can talk she prob really mad now she preg with Beyoncé in Balmain for coachella 2018 shirt. I can’t stand either one. But Masika has her nerve. She’s been talking crap for years and Hazel had enough and what is Masika wearing.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.278
Retrieved Text: Sunday: I’m a snow princess – laying in the snow in my Russian fur hat that Dray bought for me when he was visiting The Great Wall of China several years ago.
Monday: Today its all about the furry sandals. They are not new – I bought them last year from Target – and they are still one of my favorites to wear! The swing dress is new from TJ Maxx and the hooded cardigan is from Kohl’s (not new). The pink and gold necklace is my sisters. Is it still considered borrowing when I’ve had it for almost 2 years?
Tuesday: It’s all about the details…the red cardigan is from Zara (purchased a few months ago) and I’m wearing it as shirt. Isn’t this a fun idea? My black jumpsuit from the Wild Fable collect at Target (purchased a few months ago). I’m wearing red fishnet stockings and floral combat boots by DIBA from DSW (purchased last year). I love the pop of red peeking out from under my jumpsuit! My necklace is Murano Glass from Murano, Italy. Of course red lips and red nails bring it home!
Wednesday: I’m ready for a golf game in this outfit! I’m wearing a neon yellow short sleeved sweater from Zara (a few months old) under a white/navy varsity sweater by Chaps from Kohl’s (purchased last year or the year before) with plaid pixie pants from Old Navy (years old). I’m wearing silver oxfords from Target (purchased last year) with white socks with a sheer stripe from DSW. I added a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.035065
Retrieved Text: Whether you’re trying to find the newest items Alfie Pet by Petoga Couture – 3-Piece Basic Pet Home Grooming Kit – 7.5-Inch Cutting Scissor, 7.5-Inch Thinning Shear, Round-Tip Trimming Scissor Set with the lowest price and also have a discounted? Alfie Pet by Petoga Couture – 3-Piece Basic Pet Home Grooming Kit – 7.5-Inch Cutting Scissor, 7.5-Inch Thinning Shear, Round-Tip Trimming Scissor Set using quality products. You will see review and features with this post.
Trips to the professional groomer can really add up. Grooming your dog can also be a nice way to bond with your dog, and it’s important to get him used to it from an early age. Grooming kit include a cutting shear and a thinning shear that are constructed of stainless steel and come with finger-rest for extra control and comfort. The 26-tooth thinning shear has a 25% thinning rate, great for removing tangles and dead undercoat. 3.5-inch Round-Tip Trimming Scissor, is ideal for finish trimming and safe for delicate areas – around eyes, nose, face and paws. Perfect for fine finishing work and perfecting the correct coat length.
This entry was posted in Alfie on July 4, 2014 by marjinal.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.91087
Retrieved Text: Would like all 3 dogs in one painting. Chuey(dog wearing red sweater), I would like him to be wearing his same red sweater in the painting. Fluffy(beige and white dog with his tongue out) I would like him panting and having his tongue out in the painting. Marley(black and white dog), I would like him just to have the same facial expression as he has in the picture and the same puppy dog eyes he is giving. I would like the order to be (left to right) Chuey, Fluffy, then Marley. Also, chuey is the biggest, fluffy is the mid sized and marley is the smallest. I added a picture of all 3 of them standing together for size reference. Please replace background and use a beach sunset, would prefer sand on the bottom, ocean, then the sunset. (basically the same background as sunset and beach picture with Chuey in it). Please ask any questions if needed!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.657455
Retrieved Text: Friday's are all about finishing off the work week and gearing up for the weekend.
Nothing says weekend ready like a pair of shorts, and these white boyfriend shorts are no exception. I love wearing as much white as possible during the summer because it goes perfect with a suntan! There's no better accessory than sun kissed skin.
Another great accessory during the summer (and year round) is a lightweight scarf. Scarves are an easy and fun way to accent your outfit. I purchased this colorful scarf when I was in Paris in March and hadn't worn it yet. I was searching through my closet for a shirt to go with it and came across this comfortable and soft, Michael Stars tee. You could also pair it with a tank top or summer sweater, in colors ranging from white, to orange, or coral.
I love mixing patterns, so I added the leopard print Tory Burch espadrilles to this look. Prints are a lot easier to mix than you may think. My rule of thumb is let one pattern be the bolder brighter print, while the other stays neutral. This will keep your outfit chic without looking like you're trying too hard. Another fun way to style patterns is mixing a nautical stripe shirt - think white and red or navy and white - with a floral print skirt. If that idea is a little too much for you, consider mixing a horizontal stripe top, with a vertical striped bottom.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.54175
Retrieved Text: Megyn Kelly discussed Halloween costumes on her NBC show Tuesday morning with Melissa Rivers, Jenna Bush Hager, and guest host Jacob Soboroff.
Kelly asked her panel why wearing blackface was racist when a person is dressing like a character.
People were quick to criticise Kelly on social media, posting clips of the comments and calling the NBC host racist.
Megyn Kelly on Tuesday apologised after a deluge of criticism came when she defended wearing blackface for Halloween on her talk show Tuesday morning.
While speaking to Melissa Rivers, Jenna Bush Hager, and guest host Jacob Soboroff on “Megyn Kelly Today,” Kelly asked why wearing blackface was racist.
The discussion was part of a segment on Kelly’s show in which the panel was talking about universities cracking down on inappropriate and offensive costumes.
In the clip, Kelly referenced “Real Housewives of New York”‘s Luann de Lesseps, who darkened her skin to dress as Diana Ross for Halloween last year.
After an episode showing the costume aired in April, de Lesseps apologised, saying she didn’t mean to offend anyone.
Kelly questioned why people were offended by de Lessep’s costume.
People took to Twitter to criticise Kelly’s statements.
Kelly’s cohosts were less supportive of the costume, however.
Kelly later apologised for her comments in an internal email seen by The Hollywood Reporter.
“Particularly on race and ethnicity issues which, far from being healed, have been exacerbated in our politics over the past year. This is a time for more understanding, love, sensitivity and honour, and I want to be part of that. I look forward to continuing that discussion,” she wrote.
This

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.350132
Retrieved Text: Remember Nguyen Christmas Tree Longall.
Remember Nguyen Candy Cane SHORTALL (Not Longall). Shirt not included.
Remember Nguyen Melvin micro checked red button suit. Great for monogramming.
Remember Nguyen Royal Blue Longall with Red Piping.
Remember Nguyen Fish Bait Set.
Remember Nguyen Santa's Baby Boy Shortall.
Remember Nguyen Daddy's Baby Boy Shortall.
Remember Nguyen Red Piped Shirt. Long Sleeve.
Remember Nguyen Zoo Pals Longall.
Remember Nguyen Sitting Ducks Longall. Shirt not included.
Remember Nguyen Snow Fun Longall. Shirt not included.
Remember Nguyen Duck Longall. Shirt not included.
Remember Nguyen Red Corduroy Longall. Shirt not included.
Remember Nguyen Santa Shortall. Shirt not Included.
Remember Nguyen Dylan Lime Brother Shirt.
Remember Nguyen Andy Shortall. Shirt not included.
Remember Nguyen Farm Animals Shortall. Shirt not included.
Remember Nguyen Thomas Blue Micro Gingham Longall. Shirt not included.
Remember Nguyen John Blue Micro Gingham Shortall. Shirt not included.
Remember Nguyen Blue micro gingham cargo pant. On the side of leg are deep rectangular pockets with flap closures. Elastic waist.
Remember Nguyen Richard classic white shirt with WHITE piping.
Remember Nguyen boys clothes Terrell corduroy cargo pants. Comes in light blue and green apple.
Funtasia Too Look at the Cow Longall with a Cow appliqued on it. Shirt not included.
Funtasia Too Zoo Animals longall. Flannel light blue check longall with appliqued zoo animals.
Funtasia Too Baby Blues blue longalls with three animals stacked on the front and NO white turtleneck. Great for school and play.
Funtasia Too Chocolate Bear longall with bear appliqued. Turtleneck not included.
Funtasia Too Keep on Riding red check longall with a big wheel. Turtleneck not included.
Funtasia Too Pricky the Porcupine light blue corduroy longalls with a porcupine and bird on it with white

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.26619
Retrieved Text: Knowing how to wear a classic white shirt can help you have a more minimal wardrobe. I’m all about classic styles. While we all want a closet full of clothes, it’s important to know how to wear the basics and accessorize to make the most of your outfit. With a little planning, you can make a classic white shirt look either casual or dressy which will help you create a range of styles from a few favorite pieces. I’ve been working on creating a capsule wardrobe and classic shirts are going to play a big part.
It’s still cool here in Vermont so I do a lot of layering. For a casual look when I run errands or meet friends for coffee, I add a lightweight jacket or sweater to the outfit for extra warmth. I often use contrasting colors to bring out the white in the shirt. That can mean a bold red sweater, a bright violet statement necklace or even a patchwork vest. It all depends on your style.
To me, casual means jeans and a nice pair of jeans go great with a classic white shirt. You can always add a belt for a little extra style. A necklace or bracelet will probably be hidden if you’re wearing a hoodie but if you’re not adding a layer on top of your classic white shirt, you can always dress it up with some casual jewelry. You can tuck the shirt in or leave it loose. Or, you can try the half-tuck that’s very popular right now.
A

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.053635
Retrieved Text: Headed Out For Family Night And I’m SO Excited To See This Cardigan Is Back In Stock And 40% OFF! 😍🙌🏼 It Also Comes In Pink 💕 (Wearing The XS) Click The Link In My Profile To Shop Or Follow Me On The @liketoknow.it App And Shop With A Screenshot 📱 Http://liketk.it/2xbqy #liketkit #LTKsalealert #LTKshoecrush #LTKunder50 #LTKunder100.
white tank top and blue jeans.
white and orange long-sleeved cardigan and blue denim short shorts.
quilted black Gucci leather handbag.
men's brown dress shirt and distressed washed blue jeans.
white tank top and brown straw hat.
white knit sweater and black denim skinny jeans.
gray sweater and gray plaid leggings.
white, grey, and beige stripe cardigan.
white and brown long-sleeved shirt.
white knit sweater and black and white dress.
white and brown floral cold-shoulder elastic waist dress.
gray elbow-sleeved dress and gray knee-high boots.
purple and blue striped sweater.
white spaghetti strap off-shoulder long-sleeved blouse and black floral palazzo pants.
beige and black leopard long cardigan.
white tank top and distressed blue denim stonewashed denim jeans.
white, red, and black striped T-shirt and white capri pants.
white tank top, gray sweater coat and blue denim short shorts.
taupe bodycon peplum mini dress.
brown tank top and blue denim jeans.
black and white striped crew-neck tank top.
grey off shoulder mini dress.
pink notched lapel suit jacket.
yellow and black crew-neck sweatshirt and blue denim shorts.
gray fleece cardigan, whiter T-shirt, and blue denim short shorts.
gray Chanel lace-up long-sleeved blouson dress.
silver iPhone 8 Plus and pink bumper case.
white and black short-sleeved shirt.
white and black leopard cardigan.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.000946
Retrieved Text: According to a City of Faribault Police Department news release on Sunday, April 7th at about 6:17 pm, the Faribault Police Department took a report from a juvenile female of an attempted assault that took place in the area of 14th St NE at the bike trail crossing.
The news release went on to say that the victim reported two African American males emerged from the wooded area and grabbed a hold of her. The victim struggled with the men, who then fled the area on foot. The victim ran to a relative’s residence nearby and contacted law enforcement. Officers responded immediately and searched the area, but were unable to locate the suspects.
Suspect one has been described as a black male, 5’7” tall, slender build, wearing a red sweater and black pants, and had braided hair.
Suspect two has been described as a black male, 5’4” tall, curly hair, wearing a blue shirt, white pants, and black and white shoes. One of the males had braided hair, and the other had curly hair. The victim reported the two males were each armed with handguns.
The victim also reported that a male driving eastbound on 14th Street NE in a newer red SUV stopped, which caused the suspects to flee. Detectives would also like to speak with this witness.
The investigation is ongoing and at this time and is still in initial phases. If you have any information in regards to this report please contact the Faribault Police Department at 507-334-4305.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.45366
Retrieved Text: Here at Handforth Dog Groomers we provide a dog grooming service to clients in the Sale area which is always professional and friendly. We always put your dog’s needs and comfort first. Our dog grooming standards are high, and we are dedicated to providing a safe, secure, and loving environment.
Clipping or scissor-styled to your requirements, or to the breed standard.
Nails trimmed, ears cleaned and plucked, eyes cleaned and cleared of any debris, sanitation area cleared, hair between pads cleared out and skin thoroughly checked.
Our team of dog groomers led by Lisa Hale are fully trained and experienced and have regular customers from Sale. No dog is too big or too small, too old or too young; we are happy to work with nervous and rescue dogs. Our goal is to ensure that, even if your dog has never been to a professional groomers’ before, he will be keen to make a return visit! as you would expect we use the best equipment available and professional dog grooming products which are both effective and gentle, allowing us to achieve a high standard finish on your dog.
Here at Handforth Dog Groomers our experienced staff aim to build your dog's confidence over time to make the grooming experience as stress free as possible. We have a passion for dogs, and will treat your dog as well as we treat our own: with patience, kindness and understanding.
Areas we cover include: Handforth , Bramhall , Styal , Woodford , Poynton , Hazel Grove , Stockport , Wythenshawe , Wilmslow , Alderley

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.33604
Retrieved Text: Teflon coating for extra durability.
The Excalibur X02 5.5” dog grooming straight scissor are extremely well balanced and lightweight.
The Excalibur X02 5.5” Grooming Scissor features ergonomic handles, which feel like they mould to your fingers and thumb with ease compared to opposing circular bows.
The Excalibur X02 5.5” scissor is hand finished to create a perfect cutting edge with the smoothest and quietest cutting action.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.254765
Retrieved Text: Choosing teams has never been harder.
There are two types of people in the world: those who try really hard to look like they've made an effort, and those who try really hard to look like they haven't. (Note: Neither is better than the other, and "try-harder" totally doesn't mean they should—it just sounded better than "Girl Who's Known for Her Minimalist, Effortless Style.") Here, we've rounded up seven celebrity pairs wearing similar outfits in very different ways. Most people are lying when they say "everybody's a winner," but this one time, it's actually true.
There's ADR, Queen of the Try-Hards. Then there's Jourdan Dunn, who's made Jeremy Scott's golden arches the focal point of her otherwise all-black outfit.
Exhibit A: Rihanna, who's layered on all her current favorite jackets plus jewelry plus sunglasses. Exhibit B: Kendall Jenner, whose biggest statement are those Balenciaga boots.
This one's a toughie. Olivia's piled on a whole Claire's store worth of accessories: a vintage necklace, a silver cuff, a Zara belt, a speckled clutch, and tasseled, ankle-tie Jimmy Choos. (Whew.) Kate, on the other hand, accessorized her Watteau-back dress with naught but a red lip and some dainty jewels.
Don't be fooled: SJP's also got a jeweled bib necklace under there, along with the white gloves. Mossy, on the other hand, styled her ensemble with scraped-back hair, small earrings, and pumps.
For Olivia, it's "I have to add a blazer and gold heels and a yellow bag and a bunch of jewelry, because that's what I do." For Kate B., it's denim shirt, jeans, done.
They're

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.141094
Retrieved Text: If you're on the hunt for a casual yet on-trend outfit, team a light blue plaid blazer with True Religion Ricky White Brick Jeans. Both garments are very comfortable and they will also look great when paired together.
If you're hunting for a casual yet dapper getup, try teaming an olive crew-neck t-shirt with True Religion Ricky White Brick Jeans. These two garments are super comfy and will look amazing together. Bump up the cool of your ensemble by wearing brown suede tassel loafers.
If you're scouting for a casual yet dapper ensemble, marry a light blue crew-neck t-shirt with True Religion white jeans. Both garments are very comfortable and they also look great when paired together.
If you're on a mission for a casual yet dapper outfit, pair a grey raincoat with True Religion white jeans. As well as totally comfy, both items look fabulous paired together.
If you're all about relaxed dressing when it comes to fashion, you'll love this simple pairing of a white and black floral crew-neck t-shirt and True Religion ricky white brick jeans. Got bored with this look? Enter tobacco suede desert boots to switch things up.
If you're scouting for a casual yet on-trend ensemble, rock a brown bomber jacket with white jeans. As well as totally comfortable, these two items look great paired together.
If you're scouting for a casual yet stylish outfit, wear a black print crew-neck sweater with white jeans. These two garments are super comfortable and look great together. A pair of black embellished leather low top sneakers fits right in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.025566
Retrieved Text: Hilarious Funny TShirt quotes for bitchy girls and midwest girls and women who have lived or live in Kansas. Midwestern Slogan t shirt about Kansas. A Funny tee shirt about Dorothy, Toto, and the Wizard of Oz.
A Bitchy Girl Tee for Kansas Farm Girls. Our advise...take the dog and get the Hell out of Kansas. You'll enjoy the comments you'll get when wearing this Kansas Statement T shirt. Whether you're a Bitchy Girl or Southern, all Country Chick. You'll love wearing these Girl's Country t-shirts to show your country pride and humor.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.986244
Retrieved Text: Red Black White Plaid. Get the best deal for Womens Timberlake Clothing from the largest online Timberland Mt Maddsen Mid Waterproof Hiking Boots For Men Dark Brown 115m. Belo Horizonte Brazil. Healthy Spot Styling Academy Studio City CA At the Healthy Spot Styling Academy we are committed to teaching to the highest standards in pet care and grooming. Promotional Results For You. Discover and save! This Pin was discovered by Bawcum Collins.
Turn on search history to start remembering your searches. Our showcases are free and simply require an RSVP to attend. Timberlake Yarn Dyed Plaid Short Sleeve Shirt for Men. Find great deals on the latest styles of timberlake pants. This is a one owner timberlake entertainment center by lexington.
Results 1 of 0. Described as a whimsical oasis by Trulia the home exudes eccentric charm with cactus and country meets pink gingham and cottage touches. Womens Timberlake Long Sleeve Loose Knit Sweater Cream. Results 1 of. We did not find results for bob timberlake end on end gingham. The gingham chair and hutch with quilts Primitivedecor Quilt Storage. Khaki Gingham Bedroom Farmhouse Restoration Idea House Tour. Every time you open your browser. Statistics title section artist section chart index an alphabetical listing by title of every track that charted in the top 10 of the united world chart.
Timberlake thermal tie dye long sleeved shirt in the color gray brown. Used Lexington Furniture Industries Timberlak. Beautiful high end furniture from the Timberlake Gallery.
Used WORLD OF TIMBERLAKE Hardcover First. Decorated in a slightly outdated style with a hint

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.9306
Retrieved Text: This is the list of our Coleco Kids, ordered by the year they were made. Included is what they are wearing and where we adopted them from. NONE OF THESE KIDS ARE FOR SALE. THIS IS OUR PRIVATE COLLECTION. A star (*) by the name indicates that this is the original name of the kid.
Mysti Xandra - 1983 - Mustard hair, blue eyes, #3 head, wearing a pink CPK jogging suit with lavendar and white striped sleeves and legs, and pink and white socks. Adopted from a thrift store.
Gary Oliver - 1983 - bald, blue eyes, #4 head (with yellow CPK pacifier), wearing a non-CPK white shirt with attatched yellow vest and bowtie, yellow jogging pants, and yellow Playskool socks. Adopted from an Ebay auction.
Lindsay Beth - 1984 - mustard hair, blue eyes, #2 head, wearing a CPK yellow gingham jumper with lace on the rump and "Cabbage Patch Kids" embroidered in green on the front and a white CPK blouse underneath, yellow and white socks. Adopted from an Ebay auction.
*Louisa Cassandra ("Penny") - 1984 - black, #3 head, wearing her original CPK grey jogging suit with pink trim and the kitty decal on the front. Given to me in 1984 by my godsister Penny (hence the nickname) who died in an automobile accident in 1991.
Daniel Isaac - 1984 - auburn loops, brown eyes, #3 head, wearing a CPK white t-shirt and CPK jeans with CPK socks and shoes. Adopted from an Ebay auction.
Billy Robert - 1984 - very short auburn shag (it was loops when

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.7307
Retrieved Text: Our team conducted a thorough research just to make sure that our list of the best scissors for dog grooming is completely trustworthy. We recommend you to use it while choosing the right scissors for dog grooming for your needs.
We made this review research for those who want to find the best scissors for dog grooming on the market. Use our top list of the best scissors for dog grooming to quickly find a reliable option in a suitable price range.
Stainless steel blade, sharp blade. Tpr handle environmental protection, non-toxic pollution-free, soft slippery wear-resisting. Comfortable molded handles with an extra finger rest ensure an ergonomic grip and comfortable use over long grooming sessions. Circular arc design prevent damages to pets, partly hair cut such as ear hair, tactile hair, lip line, and hair on foot and claw. No need to worry about poking your pet’s skin with these round-tipped scissors. Safer to use around the face and ears.
Heavy duty & sharp blade – all shears and grooming combs are made with heavy duty stainless steel, coated titanium and cold treatment for hardness, durability and style; the blade of scissors is very smooth, sharp and durable without rusting. This process reduces the friction to shear pet hair breezily; . Expertly weighted & perfect size – 7″ and made with exacting precision, truly ergonomically designed for the trimming, thinning and cutting of your animals hair. Easy and effortless to use, you can save a lot for pets grooming; . Complete dog & cat grooming kits – perfect pet

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.67827
Retrieved Text: funny shirts for dogs dog t cool puppy tees nerdy pet mom.
funny shirts for dogs 0 dog owner.
funny shirts for dogs i miss my balls dog t shirt humans.
funny shirts for dogs dog hoodie funniest outfits.
funny shirts for dogs crazy dog t maternity baby not cake pregnancy tees.
funny shirts for dogs yellow snow sweater t.
funny shirts for dogs spring summer dog shirt puppy vest t bunny egg costumes pet clothes small.
funny shirts for dogs i love my shepherd dog shirt lovers purple animal trainers.
funny shirts for dogs new extra small dog bed by moon bakery pet beds created the to fit needs amazon.
funny shirts for dogs security dog shirt summer clothes pet puppy tee costumes cat tank top vest medium groomer.
funny shirts for dogs buy inflation dog graphic print t casual shirt men top tees boys summer rock from trainers.
funny shirts for dogs autumn pet clothes puppy cat kitten dog t shirt teddy panther amazon.
funny shirts for dogs how to achieve happiness pet a dog.
funny shirts for dogs raccoon sweater dog groomer.
funny shirts for dogs bulldog t teenage guys dog tops short sleeves cool.
funny shirts for dogs my gym matching t owner and small dog christmas outfits.
funny shirts for dogs sticking your nose in my business dog t shirt lovers.
funny shirts for dogs i fart the hell of it dog t shirt humans.
funny shirts for dogs summer pet dog shirt clothes wearing nothing under this vest t clothing cats products in vests from home cool.
funny shirts for dogs dog apparel groomer.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.658478
Retrieved Text: A sporty eye-catcher for the litte ones. This baby longsleeve by FC Bayern München truly excites!
A sporty eye-catcher for the litte ones. This baby longsleeve by FC Bayern München truly excites! Fashionable raglan sleeves featuring contrast details work great with the real highlight of this children's shirt: A striking terry cloth application on the chest adorns the design of this sweater. Boasting a football and a FC Bayern München lettering with a white outline it convinces. The red FCB logos set great contrasts to its mottled design. Last but not least it provides excellent wearing comfort. Style this shirt with track pants and sneakers for a sporty appearance.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.455315
Retrieved Text: Unicode version 12.0 adds dozens of new emoji to the pictures you can choose from when sending text messages or chatting on your device ranging from waffles to a sloth. Also included in this round are a variety of new emojis to represent the disability community, including a guide dog and service dog (yes, they make a distinction), and a man and woman holding a cane, oddly referred to as a probing cane.
We enlisted an Aira agent to describe the guide dog and cane emojis in this list. Each emoji includes a version from emoji dictionary Emojipedia, and a sample image which is similar to what may be adopted by Apple or Samsung.
The guide dog is a yellow lab, who is standing and pictured with a teal harness along with straps and the customary bar. According to Aira agent James, the dog in the sample emoji looks a bit more alert while the Emojipedia image looks a bit more cartoonish. Both dogs are wearing a teal collar.
In the Emojipedia picture, the woman, who appears Caucasian, has medium long brown hair and is wearing a purple short-sleeved shirt and darker purple pants. Her left arm is holding the cane, and she is fashioning a basic pair of black shoes.
The sample image shows a Caucasian woman with longer blond hair, a purple short-sleeved T-shirt, and blue denim pants. She is wearing black shoes with a strip of white, resembling a sneaker. This picture shows the woman holding her cane with her right hand while her left arm is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.370583
Retrieved Text: There is something about being in Boston (or Massachusetts in general) that makes me want to dress in red, white and blue. Maybe its the Patriots (the historical and the team versions) or the strong boating culture, but visiting makes me want to pull out all my patriotic stops. That’s why this nautical stripe dress fit the bill so well.
You’ve seen me wear similar items like this in the past, but I promise you this nautical stripe dress is different. For one, the longer length and sleeves make it perfect for the finicky spring weather, and great for chillier summer nights. Also, the lacing detail up the front is a super cute detail that makes it wearable as a bathing suit coverup. I can see wearing it to outdoor BBQs, vacation dinners, and to the beach, which makes it ideal for traveling.
As far as styling goes, I think a dress always looks killer with clean tomboy accessories, like a white cap and sneakers. Then, a sweater or shirt tied around the waist gives a casual vibe. I decided to style it with a black and white shirt tied around the waist for added stripe effect, but a chambray top or cable knit sweater would look great too.
Love my nautical stripe dress? Shop it here along with all of my accessories!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.349377
Retrieved Text: Happy Friday Eve, Christina! Thank you for the warmer weekend forecast in San Francisco. You look dazzling in your gray sweater and blue dress. I love your clever comment about making a ham sandwich. Have a lovely weekend, Christina! God bless and peace be with you. P.S. I’m glad that you enjoyed Disney on Ice: Treasure Trove at San Jose’s HP Pavilion. P.P.S. Thank you for complimenting Marla Tellez’s talent on NBC Bay Area News at 11 a.m. yesterday. Marla is an excellent reporter and anchor. I agree with you.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.318172
Retrieved Text: Durable and flexible nylon-tipped fiber brush, creates medium or bold strokes by changing your brush pressure. It works like a paint brush to create fine, medium or bold strokes ideal for lettering / design... The best choice of gift to friends and children!! Feature:Material: nylon-tipped brush penSize: length 7.48"; width 3.54" Shipping Weight: 1.15 poundsColor: 60 ColorsEconomic and practical: could be supplemented with inkPackage List: 60* Dual Tip Brush Pens More than 100% Satisfaction GuaranteeLOOKME provides more than 100% Satisfaction Guarantee to customers. We not only provide a refund but we also take time to ensure that you are provided with satisfying service experience.
After three years of intense development the Stylefile marker is now available. It features a unique ergonomic design, alcohol based ink which was especially engineered and hard-wearing tips from the market leader in Japan. There are 124 brilliant colours that will cater for any user whether a graffiti writer, professional cartoonist, architect or design student. The marker comes equipped with colour coded cap, a fine and chisel-tip, as well as marks for quick identification of the tips - even with the caps closed. The 72 set contains a large selection of colours from the range as seen in the image. The Stylefile marker pad consists of specially designed paper developed for use with alcohol based markers. The paper will show the markers true colour and not bleed through to the page below. Size A4 - 48 Pages.
Women's stylish twin tipped Sunset Gold polo shirt from Fred Perry. Its fabric contains a bit of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.153023
Retrieved Text: All content & images © Copyright 2012-17 St. Croix Tails LLC. All rights reserved.
St. Croix Tails is a Professional Pet Salon located in St Croix Falls, WI offering Full Service Grooming for Dogs & Cats too!
We are dedicated & passionate about providing your lovely pets with the highest standard in Grooming services. Our award-winning Certified Pet Stylist is very skilled & knowledgeable in the trade. Continuing education is very important to us. We attend Industry Seminars to stay up-to-date on grooming techniques & have even obtained Red Cross Pet First-Aid & CPR Certification.
St. Croix Tails utilizes state-of-the-art equipment & high quality products to give your pet excellent care. We make a conscious effort to seek out American made equipment & products to use in our salon as well as all-natural & eco-friendly products. We believe in supporting our local communities & in doing so we provide a better, safer & greener service to our clients.
Our Pet Stylist has experience in many unique facets of the Grooming & Pet industry that allow us to deliver uncomparable quality of service. Some of this experience includes working with Professional Show Dog Handlers, assisting in the care & grooming of top show dogs plus attending & exhibiting at dog shows as well as working at kennels & veterinarian offices. All of these factors have provided a strong foundation & over the years we have been able to perfect our grooming abilities. Whether it is a simple, short summer cut or a detailed, hand-scissor trim, you can be assured that your

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.13049
Retrieved Text: What do you think Waldo does for a living? Obviously, the guy is doing pretty well for himself, since he seems to be on vacation 24/7. And we’re talking expensive vacations—not just a camping trip to the local park. He’s been to the snowy slopes of Aspen. He’s been on African Safari trips. He even has a wizard friend that takes him on trips through time. That can’t be cheap!
So, what’s the secret to his success? Maybe he’s a stock trader by day and makes boatloads of money investing in risky stocks. Perhaps he’s a humble public librarian who’s a master of frugality in his spare time. Perhaps he inherited millions from a deceased relative and he just does some pro bono work on the side. Maybe he has some sort of shady deal with that wizard and they use their extensive knowledge of time travel to set up some lucrative (and possibly unethical) deals. It’s truly a mystery to everyone.
Well, now you can explore the question yourself by living a few days in Waldo’s shoes with the licensed Where’s Waldo costume. The costume is a plus size version of the classic costume and it comes with a red and white striped shirt along with a matching hat. The costume set even comes with those black frame glasses that he’s so well-known for.
Unfortunately, it doesn’t come with a wizard best friend, so if you want to do any proper time traveling, you’ll have to start building a time machine of your own! Oh and make sure

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: The representative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows. a groomer... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is seen using shears to creatively trim the dog's hair and even dye it in colorful shades of red, green, yellow and blue.

Ending 2: is presenting cookies to the room with a loaf of bread.

Ending 3: shows crowd opinion for use as their garden service representative.

Ending 4: speaks to an older man about snow cleaning dogs and showing how it is flectious.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.271664
Retrieved Text: Did You Know That You and Your Dog Share These Common Health Concerns?
Dogs aren’t called “man’s best friend” for nothing! In fact, we have so much more in common than many people might imagine. Do you have a furry friend who is just as much a family member as any of those bipeds in the household?
If so, you already know that your BFF, your dog, is just as loyal and loving as any human you know and sometimes even more so! When it comes to canine health, not everything is specific to the species and we actually share many of the same health concerns. Here are a few of those commonalities you should be aware of.
Yep! Dogs can suffer from obesity just like humans, but it isn’t always a result of eating too much or too much of the wrong foods. Depending on the breed, some dogs require much more physical activity than we humans do and, if you aren’t up to those daily romps, your dog can suffer for it. Dog walking services such as Wag! can be there to give your dog the exercise it requires as often as you need them to be there.
Whether you run a Google search on “dog walkers near me” or talk to other dog owners at dog friendly parks, you’re sure to find a dog sitter or dog walker in your area. Actually, you could check out the dog walkers at wagwalking.com to see where they offer their services. If they are nearby – problem solved!
Although obesity is

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.472237
Retrieved Text: There is a special connection between humans and dogs, this relationship dates back more than 12,000 years. The .dog top-level domain is for people who love dogs, and for businesses who provide goods and services related to dogs. The .dog domain will also offer those interested in dogs or dog-related products and services a more effective means to search for products, services, and educational content about dogs.
Why should I buy a .dog domain name?
Can anyone register a .dog domain name?
How do I transfer my .dog domain name?
Can I register my .dog domain name in different languages (Internationalized Domain Name)?
Yes Details Are Individual .dog domain registrations allowed?
Yes Details Company or legal entities registrations allowed for .dog?
No Details Are there requirements, documents, or information needed for .dog?
Yes Details Are some .dog domain names restricted?
No Details Does .dog domain have a special use?
No Details Other information I need to know about .dog?
No Details Are there any additional fees for .dog?
No Details Do I need a trademark/brand name to register .dog?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.079163
Retrieved Text: Grooming Certified, works well with difficult dogs.
You can count on Pet Love if you need pros who provide dog grooming services. They do nail clipping, ear cleaning and styling, among others. They handle chow chow, bulldog, and poodle grooming jobs, among others.
5 years of experience. Compassion and love for all dogs. Direct and honest to pet parents about the dogs grooming needs. Pet safety is always a priority.
The professional dog grooming services provided by Chic Tails Pet Boutique & Spa will impress you. Choose Chic Tails Pet Boutique & Spa. They also provide dog boarding services.
The Dog has been providing professional dog grooming services for many years. They offer professional dog grooming services including ear cleaning, brushing, nail trimming, and hair cutting. They are always ready to help.
This company offers one of the best mobile dog grooming services in Plano. 15th is the right choice. This business is available for those in need.
This business provides mobile dog washing services. Then hire Kenneth Jargowsky. This expert has received rave mobile dog care comments on HomeGuide.
The Posh Paw Resort is composed of pet groomers who have been grooming dogs for several years now. They offer pet sitting and walking, overnight and daycare, mobile grooming services, and more. This pro is able to complete the task efficiently.
Pappy's Pet is among the best dog groomers who treat your canine friend like their own. They do not just handle local pet grooming, but also dog walking, day care, and boarding services. These mobile pet groomers have gained numerous commendable puppy grooming

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.82784
Retrieved Text: dogs in Owasso whenever be sent thanks to the incredible special services that are provided by Tip Top K9. You do not want to go anywhere else the services without is the perfect time for you to find a more information about us and see exactly who we are log on to our website right [email protected] and if you like to schedule appointment at your earliest convenience or if you’d like to find out more information with we can do a live representative for free to call us right now toll-free at 918-991-8634 we cannot wait to the opportunity to earn your business.
If you have dogs in Owasso and you do not want to come home to nasty this is that on the floor. You know unless talking about those of those nasty messages that they cannot wait to us I to do with her was because you were gone for too long or they’re just not obedient. We want to make you dog obedient and go to the bathroom whenever it is acceptable and at a find time so cleaning up your tile and start vacuuming your carpet beginner training services today small investment will go a long way for the rest of your furry friends life.
One of the best things about Tip Top K9 is that if you have a dogs in Owasso you’ll be able to see that we are able to 100% voice issues a dogs face. So few doctors about may cannot get along with other dogs this is the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.508347
Retrieved Text: She said they’ve given 75 vaccines in the past couple of weeks. Dog flu symptoms include coughing, sneezing, fever, nasal discharge and lack of appetite. Vets say in extreme cases it can turn into pneumonia and be deadly.
This strain—H3N2– first hit Chicago, then a dog show in Georgia. About a month and a half ago some of those Georgia dogs came to a dog show in DeLand and spread it locally.
The first case of canine influenza, or "dog flu," was confirmed in Florida this week. More than a dozen cases of the highly contagious H3N2 canine flu virus has been identified in northern and central Florida since the first diagnosis, including cases in the Orlando area.
Health officials have now confirmed a dozen cases of H3N2 canine influenza in Florida, where they say the flu was spreading among animals at two dog shows.
Rossana Passaniti of the University of Florida said Wednesday that the dogs testing positive for the flu were either at a Perry, Georgia, dog show from May 19 to 21 or the DeLand dog show in Volusia County the next weekend — or were exposed to dogs that had been at those shows.
A U.S. representative whose district includes eastern Orange County is becoming more prominent in the controversy over vaccines and autism, the Orlando Sentinel reports.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.281513
Retrieved Text: Meet Anubis and Anput, the newest members at the Putnam family of Funeral Homes – Bertram Funeral Home, Cremation Advocates by Putnam in Marble Falls, and Putnam Funeral Home and Crematory, LLC in Kingsland. Anubis and Anput are in training to become grief therapy dogs. Their initial training includes acclimating to various people and situations and as such, they will be rotating between the three Funeral Homes. Anubis has already shown his aptitude as a grief therapy dog as he will sit next to anyone feeling uptight or grieving and rest his head in their lap. Anput, on the other hand, prefers to sleep most of the day. As the entire training process can take 1-2 years depending on the dog, a facebook account has been created to allow people to follow their journey – https://www.facebook.com/anubisandanput/. At the end of their training, we expect Anubis and Anput to be available for pre need and at need funeral planning, visitations, celebrations of life, services, and for community outreach.
The Alliance of Therapy Dogs provides more information about how therapy dogs offer comfort at funeral services at www.therapydogs.com. Accordingly, “therapy dogs allow those grieving to receive some comfort and relieve their stress and anxiety for a bit. This is especially true for grieving children who may not be comfortable talking about their feelings with adults. Therapy dogs give them someone to talk to and comfort them during an emotional and confusing time. Death is difficult enough for many adults to understand, let alone trying to make some sense of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.220516
Retrieved Text: Many of us enjoy watching dog shows like the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, whether live or on TV, and they always look like a lot of fun. Have you ever wanted to enter your pup into one of these dog shows? Did you consider what type of work is required and how difficult is it to begin showing your dog?
I was very pleased to welcome our podcast guest Gail Miller Bisher, Director of Communications for the Westminster Kennel Club, as our guest on this episode. We have discussed everything related to dog shows, including the difficulties and rewards, what type of show dogs are suitable, how to get started with showing your dog and what kind of work is involved. Gail enlightened us with tips on everything to know about this and a lot more, including some fun facts and stories from previous Westminster Dog Shows.
Have you been thinking about getting into the show dog circuit? Maybe you are wanting to get a purebred dog for the purpose of dog showing or maybe it's just something that you enjoy watching on television or in your local area and you're thinking about getting started. Either way, it can be very overwhelming to start to think about getting a dog if you don't have one already and how to break into this industry.
Today, I was fortunate enough to speak with Gail Miller Bisher. She is a representative for Westminster, which of course is one of the most famous dog shows in the world, certainly the most famous

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.059254
Retrieved Text: Everyone says it: “Buy from a responsible breeder!” But what does that really mean? What exactly is a responsible breeder of purebred dogs?
To start, it’s not something that can be defined in a sentence or two, but rather it’s a combination of factors that sets a good breeder apart from the rest of the pack. And finding a breeder who stands out from that pack is about knowing what makes them good, what makes them bad, and what makes them downright ugly.
So how do you sort the good from the bad? Start with the following list of what defines a responsible breeder, and when it comes time to select a breeder for your puppy, make sure they meet all the √ marks!
They strive to produce dogs that are healthy and sound, that conform to accepted standards for the breed in respect to look, characteristics, temperament, and breed type. They place health and temperament at the top of their list when selecting dogs for breeding.
They “breed to the standard”, knowing the choices they make will help preserve and protect the integrity and characteristics of the breed as a whole.
They know how certain traits are inherited and understand about dominant and recessive genes and autosomal and multi-factored inheritance.
They know their pedigrees and what may lay hidden in the gene pool. They know about calculating coefficiency rates to determine the percentage of common ancestors in a pedigree.
They know about, and make use of the genetic tests available for their breed and get health clearances on their dogs. They provide

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.814842
Retrieved Text: Siberian Huskies are large, beautiful dogs that many people love. Lots of clubs around America are devoted to them, and their members are involved with many interesting activities like specialty shows, sledding, socials, educational seminars and other fun events.
The Siberian Husky Club of America was established in 1938. Today, it stands as the national American Kennel Club breed club for Siberian Huskies. They are currently in action to keep up the purebred standard, encourage regional clubs, educate members and breeders, encourage sportsmanlike competition at dog shows, sled matches and obedience trials and put on AKC-sanctioned specialty shows.
Their website has many great resources about the breed, like history and breed standard.
The Siberian Husky Club of America also holds a national specialty show. Those interested in joining this club should read the rules and procedure.
The Yankee Siberian Husky Club is based in Massachusetts and does activities around New England. They hold events like general meetings, board meetings and AKC match shows.
Click here for information on membership.
The Bay Area Siberian Husky Club is dedicated to this breed, and is an organization where Husky enthusiasts like to show their dogs and participate in fun activities. Some events include meetings, hikes, camp outs, winter trips, ice cream socials, specialty shows, fun matches and parades. They also publish a monthly newsletter.
Members of this club are even networked with some dogs up for adoption. People interested in joining the Bay Area Siberian Husky Club should click here.
This Ohio club was first organized in 1960, and is today involved in lots of fun activities

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.79965
Retrieved Text: For each breed the American Kennel Club (AKC) registers, there is a breed standard which is a word description of the perfect dog of that breed. Standards describe the mental and physical characteristics that allow each breed to perform the function for which they were originated. The standard describes the dog's looks, movement and temperament. Breeders involved with each breed are attempting to produce a dog that most closely conforms to the breed standard. In this respect, dog shows are not unlike cat shows, bird shows, cattle shows, horse shows, etc. In fact, for almost every species bred by man there are competitions among breeders. AKC approved judges examine the dogs and place them in accordance to how close each dog compares with their mental image of the "perfect" dog as described in the breed's official standard.
This competition is known as "Conformation" and the most popular event at dog shows. Participating with your dog at conformation dog shows can be rewarding, educational and fun for both the dog and handler. It helps new people in the breed learn what attributes bring the dog closer to the breed standard and what faults may need to be improved upon should they desire to have their dog become a part of the future generations through breeding. Camaraderie at dog shows and breed clubs help potential breeders purchase a well bred dog which will hopefully be their foundation for their future breeding program; learn about the health issues in their breed so that the appropriate breed testing can be done

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.55918
Retrieved Text: Our methods are based on the science of behavior modification and we strive to stay current with the latest findings in training. Our goal is to give you effective tools to help you enjoy the company of your dog. For dogs to repeat desirable behaviors they must be rewarded, whether it is with food, toys or attention - dogs require a reinforcement to continue the behaviors we deem desirable. Conversely, it is equally important our dogs are not inadvertently rewarded for undesirable behaviors but instead receive no reward.
There is a difference. Good dog training is not about control. It is about building an eager willing response to your cues through motivation. Your relationship should reflect a cooperative partnership of mutual understanding.
The relationship you build with your dog can be strengthened or weakened by your communication. How you teach a lesson is more important than the lesson itself. Communication should be clear and constructive, building on your dog's confidence and ability to succeed in any given circumstance.
Trust is the most important aspect of good dog training. A dog that trusts you and your intentions, will eagerly participate with you. It is our goal to assist you in getting the most out of your relationship with your dog.
We offer a variety of 6-week courses: Level 1, Level 2 and a prep class for the AKC CGC title. Small class sizes - 6-8 dogs.
Have some agility fun with us indoors!
These in home sessions range from facilitating a great start with a new puppy to assisting your dog with feeling

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.2259
Retrieved Text: →Is Dog Genetic Testing a Thing?
Definitely. Genetic testing.We’ve all heard of it at some point or another. We probably all know a person or two who has had it done. (23andMe was the first company to offer DNA testing directly to consumers that look for ancestry information. Now it has expanded to diseases, as well.) Perhaps you have done it yourself and now a thing or two more about your genetic blueprint. Maybe you now know your exact ancestry makeup or even what type of diseases you are at risk for?
So, people have been doing it, at least since 2007 when 23andMe became widely available. But what about dogs? What about our furry canines?Are they purebred dogs or mixed-breed dogs? Can we check for genetic diseases through a DNA test? If we love them as we love ourselves, wouldn’t we want the same for them as for ourselves, too? So, if we are curious about our genetic blueprint, why wouldn’t we feel the same about theirs?
To the dog owners among us, have you ever wondered about the genetic makeup of your furry best friend? Have you ever wondered about your dog’s chances of having a disease? Can you be 100% sure that you know your canine buddy inside and out? If the answer is yes to all of the above, you truly know your wet-nosedbud and you’re a champ! However, if you have stopped to think about any of the questions and are not sure, now you can be! You can, in fact, find out about

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.12404
Retrieved Text: Rescuing unwanted dogs and puppies in Cambridgeshire. Offers a behaviour advice line with success stories and how to donate.
Rescuing and rehoming at risk dogs of being put to sleep either by owner surrenders or council pounds in the mainland UK.
A registered charity founded in 1892 and later re-opened by the Duchess of York. Explains the rehoming precedure, dogs available and how to offer support.
Rescuing and finding caring homes for abandoned and abused dogs throughout Norfolk, Suffolk and northern Cambridge.
Provides rescue and adoption of Chihuahuas.
Founded in 1963 to rescue unwanted and homeless dogs. Details of adoption schemes, events held and how to offer help.
A charity that rescues and rehomes all breeds of dogs throughout the North East of Scotland. Shows dogs needing homes and gives details of how to donate.
Charity that provides rescue services, contact facts, links, foster homes, and donation features.
Founded in 1891 and previously known as the National Canine Defence League. Offers rehoming details how to donate and care for your own dog.
Highlights dogs needing homes with the terms and conditions and details of a neutering scheme.
Primary work is to rescue dogs from Local Authority pounds which have a euthanasia policy.
Provides details of Great Dane rescue and rehoming centres throughout the UK.
Rescue and rehome animals in urgent need of rescue, particulary those at risk of being put to sleep and dogs on deathrow.
Nottingham based dog rescue and rehoming centre. Offers images and profiles of their dogs and how to offer them a home.
Highlights the dogs in their care and how to offer them a home

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.9805
Retrieved Text: Classes are run between 6.30pm and 8.30pm on Wednesday’s.
Click on the below headings for more information on each class.
People with dogs from 12 months can join our introductory classes where they work on building a fun/working relationship with their dog. They are introduced to the foundation aspects of agility and control. The hurdles are low and the dogs experience tunnels, hoops, long jump and have fun on the wobble board and ladder!
The dogs are required to have a basic level of domestic control. This is an 8 week class and booking is essential as this class is very much in demand.
Handlers set up equipment from 6.45pm.
If you have any questions please check out our Frequently Asked Questions page – it will answer a few of them!
In our skills class dogs (over 16 months) and handlers work to extend the skills learnt in the Introductory class. Obstacles such as jumps, weave-poles, and contacts equipment are introduced together with agility commands and body language skills. On alternate weeks we provide modified courses for you to experience agility and develop your handling skills. Instructors will assist you so you can work at your own pace but practice at home is essential.
Within this class those handlers who have mastered the weaves and contacts are extended on more advanced courses and the dogs work on the full range of agility equipment. These handlers are encouraged to participate in elementary and jumpers ribbon trial competitions.
Handlers stay in this class until they achieve a level of skill and can graduate up to the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.893448
Retrieved Text: There are so many benefits to learning how to communicate with animals. Love, trust, a spiritual connection that goes to the heart of the human-animal bond. Every time I listen to them, I learn about myself.
We seem to need animals in our disconnected lives more and more, yet we understand them less and less. In Talking to Animals, New York Times bestselling author Jon Katz—who left his Manhattan life behind two decades ago for life on a farm where he is surrounded by dogs, cats, sheep, horses, cows, goats, and chickens—marshals his experience to offer us a deeper insight into animals and the tools needed for effectively communicating with them. By better understanding animal instincts, recognizing they are not mere reflections of our own human emotions and neuroses, we can help them live happily in our shared world.
Devoting each chapter to an animal who has played an important role in his life, Katz tells funny and illuminating stories about his profound experiences with them. He shows us how healthy engagement with animals falls into five key areas: Food, Movement,Visualization, Language, and Instincts. Along the way, we meet Simon the donkey who arrives at Katz’s farm near death and now serves as his Tai Chi partner. We meet Red the dog who started out antisocial and untrained and is now a therapy dog working with veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan. And we meet Winston, the dignified and brave rooster who was injured defending his hens from a hawk and who has better interpersonal skills than most humans.
Thoughtful

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.62614
Retrieved Text: Photo above is our boys doing what they love best, being part of the family!
I am a dog breeder. I spend a lifetime learning pedigrees, going over dogs, talking, and learning from those in my breed and those outside it. I raise each litter as if I gave birth to them and spend an equal amount of time finding them loving forever homes. I only bring puppies into this world that I think will be the... healthiest (mentally and physically) and best examples of their breed. I support each family who chooses one of my puppies and let them know they are now a part of our extended family. I treat them all well. I am there if one needs to come back and will aggressively pursue the return of one of my dogs if it's in the wrong place. I support my breed in rescue and education. I hold them when they arrive and leave this world. I share my knowledge and socialize my dogs so that they will be the advertisement for my dedication. I don't keep track of the money and time I put in to my love of dogs, it would not be a true measure of how I feel. The price I charge for my puppies is never profit, but investment in the next generation. I am not ashamed of who I am... I work hard at being a good dog breeder and encouraging others. I am a breeder and I am proud of it. If we don't support each other

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.575672
Retrieved Text: Find pitbull dog Stock Images in HD and millions of other royalty-free stock photos, illustrations, and vectors in the Shutterstock collection. Thousands of new . Images of Pitbull dog both puppy and adult are shared in this post. Those dog breeds that are mixed with bull breeds are known as “Pitbull”. They are commonly. 8 Jan 50 Most Beautiful Pit Bull Dog Pictures And Photos. Published on About: Pit bull is the common name for a type of dog. Formal Black Pit Bull Dog Face Image They are called American Bullys', are not pitbull terriers.
Find the perfect Pit Bull Terrier stock photos and editorial news pictures from Getty Images. Download premium Pitbull dog portrait with human expression. RF. pitbull dogs | pitbull dog images | Funny and Cute Black HD Pet Dog and Cat heroic dogs 02 True heroic stories of pit bulls that saved the day Photos). Explore Desiree Duke's board "Pitbull Dogs" on Pinterest. | See more ideas about Baby puppies, Beautiful dogs and Bully pitbull.
American Pit Bull Terrier information including pictures, training, behavior, and care of Pitbulls and dog breed mixes. 5 Nov Pitbull Pictures from Bully Max Dog Supplements Whether your dogs participate in dog sports, ABKC, UKC, or AKC dog shows, or you. Download stunning free images about Pitbull. Related Images: dog pet animal puppy cute. 70 Free images of Pitbull. Pit Bull Dog Pitbull Valentine Valentines. Get Pitbull Dog pictures and royalty-free images from iStock. Find high-quality stock photos that you won't find anywhere else. 21 Aug The Obama administration

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.45937
Retrieved Text: The highly skilled and experienced dog trainers here at Wolfen1 are committed to providing superior dog training programs for dogs of all breeds, ages, and sizes. Our team of professionals is led by our personal owner, Sharron Lang, who oversees all the training operations and techniques. The team is steadfast in their efforts to help bridge the gap of miscommunication between owners and dogs, and enhancing overall skills and behaviors.
Here at Wolfen 1 in Brookfield, CT, we are proud of our extensive lineup of dog training methods, techniques and services that are both adaptive and versatile. Our programs teach proper discipline and obedience and other forms of advanced training to all types of dogs.
For the new puppy owner in need of training for their pups, the team here at Wolfen 1 can certainly help. Training a new pup can surely be a difficult task, but not for the pros here at Wolfen 1. We highly suggest you start your pup’s training early on with simple basic commands, since at a very young age, their learning capabilities are greater, and teaching proper behavior patterns at this early stage is a whole lot easier to accomplish.
All of our puppy training programs and sessions we offer our Pawling clients, and those in the adjacent towns serve to benefit both dogs and owners, and help to establish a healthy relationship right from the start.
The basic dog obedience training classes we offer are based on a merit and reward system. This type of system has proven to motivate dogs, both mentally,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.39859
Retrieved Text: Dog lovers the world over are familiar with the sad eyes routine every workday morning at the sound of car keys. They know you’re leaving them. Will you ever return? What’s the plan here? Is this a cause for alarm? No matter how much verbal reassurance you give to your furriest family member (complete with behind-the-ear scratches), the look of betrayal on their face never gets any easier. So, let’s look at ways to keep you dog happy while you are at work.
A knock at the door is usually enough to send most pooches into something of a mild panic. Barking, growling, excited running from room to room and jumping up at the door are all part of being a normal healthy inquisitive dog. But when you’re not there, wouldn’t you prefer the world to keep from creating any unnecessary doorstep disturbances? There are many great examples of quality do not disturb signs out there, which you can buy online. This should ensure that any would-be cold-callers with plans to keep knocking or ringing the bell will think again.
Having just stated clearly that minimizing disturbances can help to prevent an unsupervised frenzy, creating a distraction by leaving the TV on is completely different. Although your ‘good girl’ or ‘good boy’ is unlikely to be interested in the story lines behind Friends Season 6, the constant chatter on a medium volume should be enough to prevent your dog from feeling lonely. Documentary channels in particular are a safe choice for all-day shows that contain lots of calming

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.389393
Retrieved Text: Poop Troops provides Redan pooper scooper services and so much more. The team at Poop Troops invites pet owners, and those interested in learning more about dog ownership, to explore our website, visit our Facebook page and check out our Yelp page to engage with our fun and active groups.
You can read blog posts on potty training a pup or take a moment to get to know a Poop Troops warrior through one of our team member spotlight features. You can have some fun, learn more about our Redan pooper scooper company, and connect with other dog lovers in your service area.
Protect your beloved pet with Poop Troops!
Pet ownership in general — but especially dog ownership — has been on the rise over the last decade. There is nothing quite like the love between a dog and its owners. Somehow, dogs bring out the best in us. They are our conversation starters, they help with emotional and physical healing and they are our fierce protectors.
No matter the size or breed, these loyal companions stay at our side through everything. It’s time to start thinking about how we can best protect them by providing clean play spaces. That’s where Poop Troops and our pooper scooper company in Redan, GA, comes to the rescue.
Consistent Redan pooper scooper services significantly cuts down on the chance your pet can contract an illness from old, decaying piles of poop on your property. If you’ve ever come across dogs in muck-filled dog runs or yards, you can see the despair written on

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.378757
Retrieved Text: Parque Romano will host “Doggie Race Las Palmas de Gran Canaria 2017” on 16 and 17 December , a race in which dogs will be the real stars.
The initiative, which includes workshops, talks, dog shows and other activities, seeks to raise awareness about the importance of responsible pet ownership and the need for Pet Friendly spaces. On December 16, the race for the care and adoption of pets is being celebrated, a unique and special race where people and their pet dogs run as a family.
The race is to have two categories. In the Runner Category the runners and their pets will compete over a distance of 3 kilometers and in the Family Category minors will be able to participate with their pets along a route of 1 kilometer, participation is open to all dog breeds and owners. The first in each category to reach the goal of the “Doggie Race Las Palmas de Gran Canaria 2017” will be awarded a prize, although the ultimate goal of this initiative is of course not competitive but aimed at encouraging the active practice of physical exercise, spending a day with family -human and doggy – and raise awareness about the importance of having a pet . In addition, this race aims to promote increased green spaces dedicated to pets, little by little dogs are becoming more accepted and welcome in more public places and cities are becoming more Pet Friendly.
The race has a website for registration (doggierace.es) , which includes all the information about the event. Until next

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.36997
Retrieved Text: Why are dog breeds with inherited genetic problems so popular?
​RESULTS of a Danish study that looked into ownership of four distinct pedigree dogs with high levels of inherited health issues revealed personal motivations outweighing concerns for the dogs' poor health prospects.
In the study, owners of Chihuahuas, French Bulldogs, Cavalier King Charles Spaniels and Cairn Terriers were asked why they chose their dog and about the level of research that they carried out before buying the dog.
​Chihuahuas and French Bulldogs have extreme body conformation, Cavalier King Charles Spaniels has inherited health problems not linked to body shape, and Cairn Terriers were chosen to represent a breed in the same size range but without extreme conformation, but with the same level of disease load. Out of the four breeds, French Bulldogs had the most health and behavioral problems, with Cairn Terriers having the least.
​Those who acquired French Bulldogs and Cavalier King Charles Spaniel are more concerned with personality and appearance, the study showed. Those who own Chihuahuas appeared drawn to the world's smallest dog breed not because of how it looks but because of the ease of obtaining one. This also means they are the owners that made the least planning and research before buying their pets, the study showed.
​Owners of Cavalier King Charles Spaniel indicated they considered the health of their preferred dog, but the owners of Cairn Terriers were found to be the most concerned with the health of their pets.
​So why do people continue to have dogs with big health issues?
The study showed that some

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.33496
Retrieved Text: We offer dog training tailored to the specific needs of both dog and owner. By helping owners understand their dog’s behavior, we aid in creating and strengthening their bond. We believe that every dog should have a caring, loving, and healthy home. Our training serves to assist every dog owner to participate in and enjoy all of the positive benefits from having a happy, well-balanced dog.
Over the course of 16 years, my family and I have been fortunate to have several dogs. They are my inspiration to learn as much as I can about dog behavior and proper training. I started out wanting to understand my dogs better. I learned solutions to their behavior issues to help them become healthy members of our family. I spent the next few years studying and implementing successful training sessions with them. I am a Certified Professional Dog Trainer (CPDT-KA) by the Certification Council for Professional Dog Trainers (CCPDT) I am also a professional premium level member of the Association of Professional Dog Trainers.
While fostering dogs for a local rescue, I was shocked to learn how many dogs were returned. Most are due to behavior issues that are easily trainable such as urinating inside, jumping on people or whining. Approximately 1.3 million dogs are surrendered to shelters by their owners yearly. Unable to care for these animals, shelters euthanize those deemed not adoptable.
Unfortunately, most owners do not have the time or knowledge to train their dogs. This is how Paws for Life was born. I want to keep as many

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.140793
Retrieved Text: At the Pet Care Clinic of Doral, Florida, we take your pet’s health very seriously. For the protection of you and your family, our Veterinarian should see your pet at least twice a year.
Coughing canine? Drowsy doggie? As cases of canine influenza (dog flu) have been confirmed in an increasing number of U.S. states, many dog caretakers have been left to wonder if their dog has a basic cold or if it could be the dog flu.
The dog flu is a highly contagious viral infection that is spread through respiratory secretions when an infected dog barks, coughs or sneezes. The virus can live on objects, like toys, food bowls, leashes, and clothing, for up to 48 hours. Despite its name, the dog flu can also affect cats, although that is less common.
Dogs that have contact with other dogs, especially at places where groups of dogs congregate, like boarding facilities, doggie daycares, and dog parks, are at highest risk of contracting the flu.
Twenty percent of dogs exposed to the virus will not show signs of illness, but they could still be carriers of the virus and spread it to other dogs.
Dogs that develop a more serious form of the infection might experience a high fever. The virus can also progress to pneumonia, which could lead to difficulty breathing and the need for supplemental oxygen and other medical support. A small percentage of dogs who get the flu will succumb to the virus.
Which dogs are at risk of catching the dog flu?
Most dogs do not have immunity to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.125927
Retrieved Text: Kylie Baracz discovers just what training is needed for your pampered pooch to be shown at the most prestigious dog shows in the world.
From Crufts in England to the Sydney Royal Easter Show, dogs and their owners have flocked to win the coveted title of Best in Show. From tiny Chihuahuas to Great Danes, it seems any dog can compete; but is this truly the case? Dog trainer Lucille Ellem says any dog that is not on the limited register with Dogs NSW can enter. “Any dog on the limited register with Dogs NSW cannot exhibit in conformation; however they are allowed to compete in all dog sports. All diff erent breeds can show, even the Neuter Dogs now can compete — which is great,” she says.
Ellem says that, no matter what breed you have, you need to establish leadership very early in the pup’s life, so that both handler and dog respect each other. After this, comes training. “It does not necessarily have to be for competition, training is every day, live together training, where the dogs learn to blend into our lives and having them around you is enjoyable,” she says.
“To prepare for the show ring takes time and lessons to be learnt, the handler must have patience. In the conformation ring, the requirements for the dog are to learn to gait nicely beside the handler, stand still whilst being examined by the judge, and for the dog and handler to work as a team. The art of handling a show dog can only

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.029984
Retrieved Text: Havana Silk Dog Association of America – Learn about Havana Silk Dogs and Our Breed Club!
Welcome to the website of the Havana Silk Dog Association of America, the National Parent Club of the Havana Silk Dog breed.
We’re a group of breeders and owners who all agree that Cuba managed to develop a terrific little dog — with a very flat and silky coat, straight legs, healthy, and totally charming —over the last 300 years, and we are totally committed to protecting and preserving this rare breed in its original Cuban form— wherever the winds of fate may have caused it to land over the years. If you would like to read the complete history of this breed and how it became the beautiful dog it is today, click on the Breed History page.
If you would like to learn more about the history of the HSDAA, click on The Journey.
All members of HSDAA receive a print and online subscription to the Silk Road, our beautiful, full color breed magazine.
If you are searching for the best dog you will ever own, (or who will ever own you), then you have come to the right place.
The Havana Silk Dog is truly a “big” dog in a “small” dog’s body. They are extremely smart, very playful, quite loveable, and excel in athletic competition sports and obedience trials. They are small enough to be portable, and sturdy enough to not be fragile. They make good watch dogs but they are not yappy. They can be very affectionate, but they are not

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.97042
Retrieved Text: Thanks to our customers, Neogen was able to donate a significant sum to Leader Dogs for the Blind, a nonprofit organization that raises, trains, and pairs guide dogs with their lifelong human handlers. The donation was a result of an incentive program for pet food sales.
Victoria Minton, an inside pet food sales representative, and Tim Hendra, director of diagnostic sales for grocery products and pet food, recently traveled to Leader Dogs’ Rochester Hills, Mich. campus to present the donation to Leader Dogs staff, where they had the opportunity to see the program in action. Leader Dogs for the Blind provides guide dogs to those who are blind or visually impaired. It also was the first facility in the Western Hemisphere to teach Deaf and blind clients to work with guide dogs.
Leader Dogs provides its services and highly trained guide dogs at no cost to the recipients. Clients are housed on campus during a 26 day training program. More than 270 clients take part in the training program each year.
“It is just as important for the Leader Dog to have a great owner as it is for the owner to have a great Leader Dog. Side-by-side, we seek challenges, we conquer, we celebrate greater independence—together,” said Leader Dogs client Kevin O’Callahan of his dog, Flynn. Kevin is a graduate field representative for Leader Dogs and works as a human resources representative for a large retail store.
Raising generations of guide dogs takes a concerted effort between Leader Dogs staff, volunteers, and the clients. But the effort pays off

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.958975
Retrieved Text: Earlier this session, bills were introduced in both the Maryland House and Senate that would have prevented owners from tethering dogs outside for an hour when the temperature was below a certain temperature, regardless of breed or whether any precautions or shelter were provided.
The AKC strongly believes that no dog should ever be kept in a situation that endangers its health, well-being, or safety; however, this bill could have impacted field trials, dog sledding, dog events, and training where dogs are humanely and safely tethered in cold temperatures. For this reason, AKC recommended the bills be amended to clarify that dogs should never be left outdoors in conditions where their health and safety are in immediate danger.
AKC parent clubs, local clubs, and dog owners who participate in field trials and dog training contacted the House and Senate committees to educate the legislators about humane dog events, training, and search and rescue activities, and how these bills could negatively impact these activities and the dogs that participate in them. Thanks to their positive communications, both the House and Senate committees gave the bills an “unfavorable report”, meaning they will not likely advance this year.
AKC thanks all those in Maryland who took the time to contact the committees on these bills!
AKC thanks all those in Maryland who took the time to contact the committees! Thanks to their positive communications, both the House and Senate committees gave an “unfavorable report” meaning they will not likely advance this year.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.958223
Retrieved Text: (6 March 2016) Whyalla resident, Dr Andrew Melville-Smith, has been recognised for his outstanding contribution to animal welfare by highlighting and raising awareness on how animals and humans can work in partnership.
Dr Melville-Smith’s nomination is a thank you from IFAW and its supporters, for his tireless work helping to support the Lions Hearing Dogs inc., an Australia wide Lions Club programme that rescues dogs from pounds and then trains them to help the deaf community with everyday barriers. It’s a win – win for these dogs,as they are saved from an uncertain future;after some intensive training they are assigned a forever home; the dogs go on to offer safety, security and independence for the hearing impaired at home, giving their human the confidence to participate more fully in their community.The Lions Hearing Dogs Inc. programme is reliant on vets like Dr Andrew Melville-Smith to help find and identify suitable dog candidates.
“It is a privilege to present this award to Dr Andrew Melville-Smith, highlighting his selfless dedication to the treatment and care of animals. The nomination recognised his input and drive to set up Whyalla vet’s rescue dog programme with Lions Clubs Australia in 2014. We hope that by highlighting exceptional people like Dr Melville-Smith, more Australians will acknowledge and respect the important part that animals play in our global world,” said Deanne Gibbs, IFAW spokesperson.
Dr Andrew Melville-Smith is one of one of four animal heroes across Australia to receive an IFAW Human Animal Partnership accolade. Also being awarded is Tamari a red heeler crossed with a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.854305
Retrieved Text: The unthinkable happened to me this spring...a severe outbreak of the canine flu virus (H3N2) and my dogs were right in the cross hairs. I've written on the canine flu in the past, never thinking it would actually happen to me, but it did.
All three of my dogs participate in canine sports, so they all regularly attend class, competition and travel events. Nate, our youngest, is working on his show championship and we set out for the weekend for our first show in a while. Since we live in Florida, all the shows this time of year are indoors and all the dogs crate up in a central grooming area. I was staying in a hotel rather than the RV, so for the majority of each day Nate and I were at the show grounds either in the ring, walking around the grounds (when we could stand the heat)! or in the grooming area - which was very close quarters.
We returned from the weekend on Sunday night and by Monday morning reports were surfacing on social media about dogs who had been at the shows in Perry, GA the weekend before were now starting to get sick...some extremely sick and that it was an outbreak of the canine flu. I am an active member of my breed club and we all began nervously watching our dogs hoping that none of them would become ill over the next few days. It was first thought that the incubation period was about 3 - 4 days from exposure. As

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: A woman tries to eat ice cream to a child, but the child refuses to eat the ice cream, then the woman eats the ice cream in the spoon. after... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: , the woman gives ice cream to the child, and then the woman cleans the child's mouth.

Ending 2: , the child takes out the fork the other child takes out the spoon and eats the ice cream.

Ending 3: , the child and the woman tries to eat food without ice cream, then they sit and talk with adults in the room.

Ending 4: , two people wearing red shirts pass through the store's door and inside the market and besides a man and a chimpanzee wearing silver uniforms are watching the woman and child.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 61.550465
Retrieved Text: If your children are anything like mine, I am sure that here are times when dinner is a struggle. One child loves spaghetti while other hates it and refuses to eat it. One child loves ice cream and the other will not touch the stuff (believe it or not my oldest will not eat ice cream). So how do you make everyone happy? You don’t! The rule in my house is, “If you don’t like what’s for dinner, dinner’s over.” Actually, I make my children try at least one bite of everything then choose one thing to finish. That way they have to at least taste it before they decide not to eat it. Some days it works better than others. Halloween is one of those days.
On Halloween my children love to eat anything that is ghoulish and gross. That is why I try to make it a point to give them something disgustingly healthy before we go trick or treating. Tonight it is cheese covered potato worms (twice baked potatoes), scabs and boogers (green bean casserole), and rotted wood planks (pork roast). My girls are just as excited about dinner as they are about all the candy they will be getting tonight.
So how do you make dinner healthy, fun, and edible for your children? Leave a comment to share your tricks with treats.
I heard someone say "My mother served two things for dinner...take it or leave it".

########
Rank: 1
Score: 59.662712
Retrieved Text: My child wants to eat cupcakes and ice cream at school parties. When he does eat ice cream he gets an upset stomach and a rash on his stomach. Is this DG related? But I really want him to be like the other kids so am I causing him this trouble? If he has a lot of ice cream it causes stomach pain and diarrhea but it is usually gone by the next day.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 59.46863
Retrieved Text: Having children who don’t eat in the family is one of the many problems parents face today.
To top it off, some of these children only eat junk food like potato chips, sweets and candy, jelly, biscuits, chocolate, ice-cream, fries, etc.
When it comes to proper meals, they run for the hills. But when they are offered junk food, they are like bees to honey.
Fortunately, though I used to have a picky eater at home, my two young children now eat almost everything we put on the table, especially K.
I believe the culinary likings children have in them has got to do with parents’ attitude towards food, the way parents teach them about food, and whether they are given the opportunity to try different types of food.
I had a visitor last weekend and she fits the description I just mentioned above.
She is not fancy of any “proper” meals – except food that she always have: porridge. Followed by her second love: junk food.
Joyce is my niece and she is 4 years old. Her mom always has problems getting her to finish her meals. The best result: two spoonfuls of whatever she is eating and that’s it. And then she stops eating by making sad, “don’t-feed-me-anymore” kind of look.
She’d rather sit there at the table or get away from dining table if she can than eat.
I prepared spaghetti aglio olio for dinner that night. Worse than I thought, Joyce didn’t even try the food at all (my cooking is not that bad, okay!) and she just clenched her lips

########
Rank: 3
Score: 57.208332
Retrieved Text: In this ice cream game contestants try to make their dream sundae in one minute...while blindfolded!
Get ready for lots of laughs as you watch people attempt to make their perfect sundae while blindfolded. From adding toppings they're not fond of, to missing their ice cream bowl completely - this game is sure to be a blast!
Place sundae toppings and sauces on a table within reach of a child sitting or standing at the tables edge.
Blindfold one child, placing a bowl full of ice cream in front of him.
Set your timer for 1 minute (more or less time may be given if desired) - then say go.
The child then tries to create his ice cream sundae, putting toppings and sauces on his ice cream while blindfolded.
When the timer dings, the child's sundae is done and it's someone else's turn.
Everyone can enjoy their sundae at the end so everyone is a winner in this game!
After blindfolding the child, shuffle the ice cream toppings and sauces around so that the blindfolded ice cream sundae maker has no idea where his toppings of choice are located!
For older children, include at least one topping that contestants try to avoid - like sliced pickles or kidney beans!
Remember to be mindful of people's allergies.
This game will probably end up being messy! Plan ahead!
Return to Ice Cream Games.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 56.534843
Retrieved Text: EEEEE!! OMG...you guys...Stef, from Sarcastic Cooking, is gonna have a BABY BOY!!
I'm baby obsessed (seriously ask anyone, I ADORE babies. If I see your photos of your baby on facebook or instagram...that just like...makes my day. I fully intend to have a bunch of little ones myself someday and I just love em!) and Stef obsessed, for that matter, so when Stephie (my girl from Eat Your Heart Out) asked if I wanted to join in on a virtual baby shower for Stef, I immediately said YES!
Food bloggers (or maybe just bloggers in general) are weird creatures. I know that.
Nobody outside understands. I tell them I'm a part of a virtual baby shower and they're like "...so...they don't actually get to eat the food you're making for them?" and I'm like "well...no...but it's in spirit...just..ya know...ugh you don't get it." It's a thing though, ok? Just trust it is our way of saying WE LOVE YOU to our bloggy buds!
This is Stef and her husband Mike's first child, and I am just so psyched for them. I honestly can't even imagine how overwhelming and exciting this time must be for them! Stef seems totally cool as a cucumber though, and I know she's gonna make an amazing mom. When trying to brainstorm ideas for what to make for this post, I asked Stephie for any ideas, if Stef was craving anything in particular, etc. etc. and she mostly just said she's been a pickle fiend. Which of course made me think of the old pregnant woman

########
Rank: 5
Score: 55.956783
Retrieved Text: What Types Of Ice Cream Cones Are There?
Anyway you eat it, ice cream is a delicious and creamy treat, but one of the most popular ways to eat this dessert is in a cone. Ice cream cones are portable, fun to eat, and require no additional utensils, making them a convenient way to eat ice cream. Cones have come a long way from simple sugar styles. Today, cones can be chocolate-dipped or sprinkle-covered, and there are even gourmet waffle cones. With so many cones available, there are many ways to enjoy your favorite customized ice cream dessert. Although you may enjoy the benefits of eating ice cream cones, do you know the history of this desert and the all the types of ice cream cones available?
In order to run a successful ice cream business, you need to have customers, so having an effective marketing strategy is important. How do you make sure to get plenty of customers through the doors of your ice cream shop? There are many things you can do to increase your profits and help build a loyal customer base. State your marketing objectives and find your target market. Analyze the competition and choose your marketing strategies. Working with a marketing professional is also a good idea to enhance your ice cream business marketing strategy.
Cooperatives, or co-ops, have played a critical role in the success of various industries in the United States for many years. It is important for current and potential business owners to understand the success of cooperatives in the United

########
Rank: 6
Score: 54.82962
Retrieved Text: Our Nutritarian journey started when I watched the film Fat, Sick & Nearly Dead and was immediately inspired. I started juicing exclusively that same day with my husband Tom. He had hypertension and high cholesterol and was taking hypertension medication. His doctor wanted him to go on a cholesterol lowering drug. We decided it first made more sense to try diet modification.
During the week we were juicing I thought about what we were going to eat when we stopped juicing and looked up Dr. Fuhrman. I read Eat To Live and decided we would follow it. Then I read Disease Proof Your Child and quickly realized we needed to stop juicing and start cooking following the Eat To Live plan as a family. Until then, since my husband and I were juicing and not cooking, we were letting our seven year old daughter eat whatever she wanted every night which was usually mac and cheese. We started making the recipes in Dr. Fuhrman's books and learning more via his website. We find the website very helpful in answering all the questions that come up on our own as well as from family and friends. The most amazing part of all of this for me is the freedom from food addiction that I feel for the first time in my life that I can remember. I literally ate a large bowl of ice cream most nights since I was about four years old. The nights that I didn't eat ice cream I would miss it. Resisting ice

########
Rank: 7
Score: 54.761505
Retrieved Text: As a nutritionist for children with special needs, one of my job responsibilities is to come up with new food varieties and recipes that will be appealing to our children. Sometimes it can be quite difficult but the nutrition team which I belong to, tries its best. Some times last year we decided to give a new look to the mid-day food of our children at the centre. Then, we decided to make Ice cream.
As at that time we had no Ice cream equipment and other important ingredients necessary for the making of Ice cream. As we pondered, one of us sighted at a food item and he said we could make a healthy nutritious Ice cream from it. If your guess is as good as mine…….then by now you should know the food item – Banana. Yes, you can make Ice cream from start to finish using BANANA only. Although, the procedure is simple and a bit different but the output is as creamy as your ice cream made from milk and other ingredients.
Would that be a banana that’s not ready to eat? The one that’s white inside? You know what I mean?
Please, can you further describe what you mean? I seem not to understand your questions. However, the banana to use must be ripe but not in deteriorating state. Unripe banana cannot be used.
I rlly loves dis,bt hw long will it kip(shelf life) compare 2 d normal ice cream or is it jst an instant banana ice cream.
@debbie Yea. The product can stay a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 54.30512
Retrieved Text: i'm sick. i've got a man cold again, that is ... a serious cold (une grippe d'homme). what is a young priest to do? God's love is the best, indeed, but ice cream helps in this situation. please pray that i survive.
the last few days, weeks, there has been a change in the weather. and, my allergies have started acting up, exponentially. all these factors have exploded into a full blown man cold. i will struggle with the bad, in order to do the good, à la St. Paul.
taking it easy today, i reflected more on the Eucharist - the theme for the past month. i remember hearing someone talking about the centrality that it deserves in our lives. when a man refuses to eat, we conclude that he is sick, that there is something wrong. similarly then, when a man refuses to go to Mass, to the Eucharist, to be with the community, should we not conclude that there is something spiritually wrong? as we enter the Year of Faith, let us pray, "increase our faith!"
ps. i may not eat food, but ice cream somehow always works - at least at some levels. what else should i do to rid my body + soul of this man cold?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 54.176224
Retrieved Text: Its always fun to do something different , something out of the box ….to break the mono type , the stigma , the notion its great to just un-follow the typecast. A very harmless one is to eat which you are not expected to eat. Its very simple….Yes, you just need to have chilled desserts in freezing temperature. Its awesome fun . Fill your pockets with paracetamol’s to get precaution after you do this fun task but surely do this. No matter how much your mum scolds you after this how much you sneeze , just be carefree and dare yourself to do this one. To make it more simpler lets just learn few awesome delicious dessert recipes which can even tempt your parents , your granny , your grandpa to do this fun adventure without even a second thought. Isn’t it just a day our in Disney land type idea… that to without money. Ummmm…you will have to pay for the ingredients though!!!
We often bring our lives to a point where we de-mark ourselves about the DO’s and the DONT’s. But who are we to decide to live our life in a boring way. Aren’t we just tired of the routine work and monotonous way of leading life. Eating always makes us happy so why not to eat dishes we just love . In that way not only we going to eat it happily its going to affect our minds too & it gets digested easily moreover makes us feel more cheerful and fun loving.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 53.559017
Retrieved Text: In early 2018, I decided to start a blogspot on blogger because I wasn’t sure how I would manage writing for more than one blog on a regular basis. Every since we had to sell my first blog, I have always had the tug to start another parenting and lifestyle blog. Finding the right blog name is critical to creating a brand that attracts readers is one of the most important aspects of building a blog.
My first blog, I spent several days brainstorming and writing down names that I thought would align with my vision. This go around, the process wasn’t as tedious. One night while I was laying in bed, it came to me and I knew that it was meant to be.
Ice cream is one of my favorite desserts and we all know that it is something that kids enjoy too. I started envisioning a young child with an ice cream cone in hand. The ice cream started melting and running down the ice cream cone faster than the young child could eat it. As the ice cream ran down the ice cream cone, it got all over the child’s hand.
Then I envisioned the child walking around with messy and sticky hands. Those sticky hands are now touching everything around them and leaving a mess behind them.
There are messes in the kids room, a pile of laundry on the floor in front of the washing machine, a laundry basket of clean clothes waiting to be folded and put away, dishes overflowing from the sink,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 53.473232
Retrieved Text: I've had quite a few moms asking me lately for suggestions on what to feed their children. It seems like I am not the only one going through a picky eater stage. My daughter, Harlow, used to gobble up everything we gave her but now that she's nearing 3 years old she has opinions on what she likes and doesn't like. One of her new favourite sayings is "no, I don't like that" before she has even given it a try. It has definitely become frustrating.
The good thing though, is my daughter is a snack machine. She basically eats all day long. A friend recently told me that one of her friends doesn't let her children snack as she wants them to eat their meals.
I understand that you want your child to eat what you have prepared them at meal time. I get it. But it is SO important that children have multiple snacks throughout the day. Kids have a fast metabolism so they burn up what they eat quite quickly. They need to be fed frequently to keep their blood sugar levels stable. This helps keep their moods even, their brain focused and functioning and their energy up.
When children reach a certain age it can become a battle to get them to eat what you want. It is really important to remember that you are in control of what they eat at home but you cannot control how much they eat. They are their own beings with their own minds and willpower. We have to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 53.324116
Retrieved Text: When Sprowston Heritage started in 2000, we were looking for images and family stories to put on our archive. We had a stall at Sprowston Fete that summer and many of our mature visitors on that day, mentioned their time at the school on School Lane, and also the schools on Recreation Ground Road (1910-1939). One of their memories was coming out of the schools and buying an ice cream from the famous Italian ice cream makers.
By the 1850`s ice cream machines had been invented and Ice cream sellers roamed the streets of Norfolk. In most cases it was families that originally came from Italy that worked in this new market.
Initially they used their handcarts, which they then moved on to horse carts, then a commercial tricycle and finally to the motorised van version we see on our streets today. Icecream, cornets, wafers, blocks and fruit lollipops were available. If you were lucky the cornets were sometimes sprinkled with or dipped into a tray of hundreds and thousands. Later came the choc-ices and 99`s (Cone, soft ice cream and a chocolate stick).
I was told that the school children bought the ice cream known as the “penny licks”. A dab or scoop of ice cream was placed onto a small glass dish and this cost one half penny, the child then licked the ice cream until the dish was clean, the dish was returned, Of course sometimes the glass dish was dropped or the child would forget to return it! Today this would be considered a health

########
Rank: 13
Score: 53.269577
Retrieved Text: These international students all have the same thing to say about this favorite summer treat: "It's delicious!"
Students in Thomas Peters' ESL class at Saint Michael's College in Colchester, Vermont get together to enjoy refreshing ice cream cones on a hot summer day.
Eating it brings back good memories.
I Remember the Ice Cream Truck!
I remember when the ice cream truck came to our town. All my friends and I ran to be the first to have an ice cream because the first one always got the biggest amount. Oh! To be first and to get the biggest ice cream was heavenly. I remember several funny things about the ice cream truck.
Often I walk with my friends down the street, eating ice cream with them.
But I can't eat a lot of ice cream, or I get a stomachache. It's a pity. So, I just eat a little and enjoy it a lot!
When I eat ice cream, I think about its taste and its ingredients.
It Makes Me Think of Summer!
When I eat ice cream, I think about its taste and its ingredients. It may seem strange, but I like to think about the milk, the fruits, and the other things in the ice cream that are good for us.
For example, if I eat strawberry ice cream, I think about the gardens of strawberries and picking them. Of course, I never want to finish my ice cream because it makes me feel good.
I generally eat it in the summer so when I eat it in any of the other four seasons,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 53.063606
Retrieved Text: Stick a bowl outside before a big snow so you can make Snow Ice Cream! So easy – the perfect project for kids!
Happy Friday! I’ve got a quick and easy recipe today! You can make it with your kids next time you’re snowed in or just make it for yourself and don’t share with anyone.
We got, like, 8 inches of snow on Wednesday. Which was fun because the weatherman said we’d get 2. He has a history of playing with my emotions so I took a chance and put a ginormous mixing bowl in the background to collect snow.
By lunchtime we had a full bowl of snow and I had a sore throat from yelling at Penelope (the husky) to keep her face out the bowl every time she went out. Seriously, a yard full of snow and she wants to eat my snow?
Besides the snow, you just need a can of sweetened condensed milk! You can get fancy and add vanilla but I think it’s delicious just like this. Then you must top it with at least 1/2 a pound of sprinkles. That’s the only way to eat ice cream, right?
We had a ton of fun making it so I put another bowl out that night and it was COVERED with snow by the time I went to bed. By about 9 am, it had all melted. Because… well, welcome to Colorado.
In a large mixing bowl, stir snow and sweetened condensed milk together until it resembles ice cream. Serve immediately with sprinkles on top.
15 Responses

########
Rank: 15
Score: 53.053673
Retrieved Text: I'd like to think I'm a pretty open-minded parent. I obviously want my children to achieve their dreams but I don't mind what that dream looks like.
I know that the career-decisions of a 5 year old will change by the time they're adults. I wanted to be a Nun. Then I nurtured dreams of becoming a journalist and even went through a very short stage where I considered becoming a Biomedical Scientist.
Still, it'd be nice if Lily showed some ambition. She's already expressed a desire to become a pirate, and stab people with her 'ouchy sword' and has been through a long period of time of saying that when she's grown up she's going to be a 'fairy princess'.
I smile and nod. I tell her that's a fantastic idea, that she can do anything she sets her heart on and that if she wants to do that she needs to work hard, be a good girl, look after her body and be kind to others.
You know, all the usual Mummy stuff. If it makes her happy, if it makes other's happy then go for it.
I was flummoxed this weekend however. Whilst watching 'Inside Chernobyl's Mega Tomb' I decided it would be great to encourage Lily to perhaps one day consider a career in engineering.
"No Mummy! I'm going to be an ice cream lady!"
I'll admit, at first I lamented her lack of ambition as a child of the future. Then I realised, even in the future they'll want ice cream right?
If not, I'll eat it - purely

########
Rank: 16
Score: 52.862812
Retrieved Text: All reports indicate there’s a heatwave on the cards! To help you make the most of the soaring temperatures, we’ve put together a guide to 5 of the best family friendly cafes, bars, pubs and restaurants in Macclesfield and the surrounding area. The ones we feature below are located in Macclesfield, Knutsford and Congleton but visit the Eating Out Section of the website for full listings of Family Friendly Eating Out in Macclesfield, Alderley Edge, Prestbury, Knutsford, Wilmslow, Poynton, Congleton, Sandbach and surrounding areas.
These places aren’t exclusively for families or children but they have all shown thoughtful touches or great facilities (things like pushchair access, changing facilities, highchairs, play areas and so on) that make them baby, toddler, child and family friendly.
We spent a lovely couple of hours at this posh child friendly ice cream parlour in Knutsford. Located on a working dairy farm, the cafe serves delicious savouries including soup and quiche but, unsurprisingly given its name, the real star of the show is the ice cream. Choose from favourites such as strawberry or chocolate or try something new like their Vimto flavour ice cream! Eat indoors in the very well presented cafe which has an indoor play area/toy corner complete with play kitchen (grab the sofa next to it and enjoy your ice cream in peace whilst the little ones play) or make the most of the sunshine and head outside where you can let the kids run wild in the play barn, potter in the sandpit or tear round in one of the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 52.70229
Retrieved Text: Did the title of this blog surprise you? Is there really a child out there that refuses to eat dessert? Yes, there is! And being picky about candy can be just as devastating to the child + parent as picky eating with healthy foods. Learn why it’s important to help picky dessert eaters become more social!
The social ramifications of picky eating are complicated and stressful, regardless if your child is a picky protein eater or a picky dessert eater. Imagine how hard it is for these kiddos at classroom parties, Valentines Day, Halloween, Christmas, family gatherings, birthday parties, sporting events and team parties. The social implications are the same…isolation at mealtime.
Desserts: During the main meal it is socially acceptable for kids to get something different than everyone else. Dessert, however, has a HIGH social value, as it is a designated time for everyone to partake in the same food. At a birthday party, for example, when they serve cake and ice cream, it is assumed that all children will participate and enjoy this treat (unless they have food allergies). Picky dessert eaters not only decline dessert at a friend’s party, they will actually refuse to eat their own birthday cake! Mothers tell me tearful stories about their baby books that do not feature the traditional messy cake shot!
Candy & Sweets: The kids I work with that reject candy get frustrated, mostly because they feel like they are ‘supposed’ to like it. I had one child (the son of a professional baseball player) tell me, “Ms. Dawn…can

########
Rank: 18
Score: 52.568935
Retrieved Text: is not what you might think . . .
Whipped cream . . .
I dreamed I saw Julia Child floating on a cloud of whipped cream -- bon appetit!
like a serving of . . .
. . Here's your chance to catch the waiter's eye . . . if they don't have ice cream, pie is nice . . . it would be so helpful if it was one of you front tables so I can just lean down and eat a smidge between songs . . . want to buy me a drink after the show? . . . don't bother . . . unless of course it's a drink topped with whipped cream . . .
if they would bribe me with a big bowl of . . .
to blaspheme the original . . . the glorious . . .
the fattening . . .the notorious . . .
please Julia Child, can I have some more?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 52.539314
Retrieved Text: How do you feel about ice cream in the winter? Is it only a summer treat?
Is it a treat at all, or just something you eat, like sandwiches?
There’s no question that I eat more ice cream in the warmer months, but I don’t forget about it through the winter.
A few years ago we bought a small and inexpensive ice cream maker; it doesn’t make much but it didn’t cost much, either. So sometimes I make ice cream for a treat.
A treat. When I read the packages of ice cream at the store there are so many items I don’t know listed. And such a long list of ingredients. Then Haagen Dazs came out with a line of ‘5 ingredient’ ice creams, and that seemed like a good thing to me. But I read in a Michael Pollan book that we should remember that while it’s only ‘5 ingredients’, it is also still ice cream. A treat. And that stuck with me.
So here it is, the cold winter days, and I made ice cream. And it’s in the freezer next to a mass produced 2litre carton of 3-flavoured ice cream that made its way into my cart at the store the last time my teenager shopped with me. Obviously I don’t only eat ice cream I made myself.
The one I made myself has 5 ingredients, too. Egg yolk, sugar, milk, cream, vanilla. Not all healthy, or even good. But it tastes good. And the little machine makes about 2 cups which means the ice cream only lasts

########
Rank: 20
Score: 52.415375
Retrieved Text: So you love ice cream, but when you are watching what you eat, it’s not the best thing in the world to eat. Well here is the solution! BANANA PEANUT BUTTER ICE CREAM! It only has 2 ingredients and is super easy to make.
About 2-3 hours before you would like your ice cream, slice the bananas and put them in the freezer. When you are ready, put the slightly frozen bananas in the blender, then add the 1/4 c. peanut butter. Put on blend until it’s well blended. You can eat it right then, or scoop it out into a freezer safe container for later. This recipe serves 2.
This is such a nice treat when you’re watching what you eat. It almost has a custardy texture to it, and it’s really the perfect amount of ice cream because it is pretty rich.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 52.306435
Retrieved Text: We take our ice cream pretty seriously around here. I’m a purist: vanilla, chocolate, a limited palette of toppings and stir-ins. In a dish; always in a dish. Jody thinks I’m boring. She’d rather be elbow deep in a waffle bowl of toasted coconut almond fudge-bunny truffle surprise (recipe forthcoming). It’s these little differences of opinion that keep our marriage passionate.
Our last field trip before Jody went into labor with Autumn was a visit to Bi-Rite Creamery on a sunny September day. An auspicious beginning? Not wanting to spoil our dear child before she could appreciate this frozen splendor and glory, we waited nearly two years to introduce her to ice cream. Part of the delay was my insistence that we offer her the best ice cream I know.
Now this may reek of conceit, but I know of no better ice cream than the dark chocolate I make a few times each year. It’s not my recipe. That honor belongs to Mr. David Lebovitz, or D-Leb as I call him. His chocolate ice cream recipe from The Perfect Scoop is simply the most indulgent thing to ever grace our freezer. Not the best chocolate ice cream or the best homemade ice cream. It’s simply the best ice cream I’ve ever had. Period. Hyperbole be damned.
I wanted to wait for a perfect summer day. Maybe a backyard dinner on a late summer evening. But this summer has been anything but. Foggy, misty, and just damned cold. Mark Twain was right. We couldn’t wait forever. Last week, I

########
Rank: 22
Score: 52.22107
Retrieved Text: Partly cloudy this evening, then becoming cloudy after midnight. Low 52F. Winds SW at 10 to 20 mph..
Partly cloudy this evening, then becoming cloudy after midnight. Low 52F. Winds SW at 10 to 20 mph.
George Haymaker III is the founder and managing partner of Re:Think ice cream.
Re:THiNK Ice Cream comes in eight flavors, all low in sugar and calories, but high in flavor, according to tasters.
The Re:THINK Ice Cream flavor line-up.
There are adults who still love ice cream as much as they did when they tasted it for the first time as a child. I confess, I’m one of them.
I celebrate good times with it and turn to it for comfort when I’m sad. Unfortunately, eating this cold, creamy dessert can be followed by guilt. Not only is it too high in sugar and calories to benefit my health, sugar is a problem for my diabetic husband, Jim.
So, when my editor asked if I wanted to check out a new low-sugar, low-calorie ice cream, I jumped at the chance and brought my husband along. As a diabetic, Jim must carefully monitor his blood sugar, which usually means missing out on sweets.
“Why don’t we taste the ice cream before questions,” suggested George Haymaker 111, founder of Re:THINK Ice Cream, a Napa Valley product that arrived on grocery store shelves three weeks ago.
He and his wife, Kim Haymaker, then brought out eight pints of ice cream to sample: Almond Asteroid, Cardamom Pistachio, Chocolate Majesty, Coconut Matcha, Coffee Hazelnut, Meyer Lemon Poppyseed, Mint with Chocolate Flakes and Turmeric Ginger.
None

########
Rank: 23
Score: 51.74116
Retrieved Text: If one of your bags did not make ice cream, check out the Further Exploration section for tips on turning it into ice cream. Cleanup. If you would like, you can enjoy your tasty ice cream treat now or save it in the freezer for later. What Happened? You should have seen that the ice cubes in the large bag with salt melted much more, and felt much colder, than the ice cubes in the large bag... You can make ice cream in a bag in five minutes and it's ready to eat straight away! A quick and easy ice cream recipe for all ages – and a fun kids’ cooking idea to boot. A quick and easy ice cream recipe for all ages – and a fun kids’ cooking idea to boot.
This is a great activity for kids, especially in the warmer months! I think this would be a great learning opportunity, too. As the kids shake up the bags, talk to them about how the salt changes the properties of the ice (and melting water) to help the ice cream freeze.... This ice cream in a bag science experiment was a great family activity for Make tasty DIY homemade ice cream in a bag this summer! Perfect for edible science activities.
28/06/2016 · After you try out this homemade ice cream in a bag, check out the links at the bottom of the post for more cool summer treats from the other participating bloggers. Homemade Ice Cream in a Bag All you need are the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 51.72289
Retrieved Text: "Sweet always works - sadly."
But that doesn't stop ice-cream maker Marina Machiori, 49, trying to get customers to eat darker chocoloate.
"There was a time in the 1970s and early 80s when the ice-cream parlours and patissiers of Bologna were closing en masse."
"It was almost as if the terrorism that had the country in its grip had stopped people wanting sweet treats. And it was during those years that I learned my craft from Bologna’s oldest ice-cream maker. I quickly learned that sweet always works – sadly. Trying to broaden people’s palates to include bitter flavours is harder. When I opened my shop on Via Castiglioni back in 1994, it took a lot of courage to leave the chocolate ice cream the way I thought it should taste. Chocolate, after all, is made of cocoa, and cocoa is naturally bitter."
"Today, our bitter chocolate ice cream is the most popular."
"One thing to remember is that Bologna is one of the few places in Italy where people also eat ice cream in the winter. That means that I can’t shut down for a month like others do: we work all year round. ‘We’remainly women: my view is that we women work more thoroughly and more tidily than men – and we have a more delicate sense of taste. Nevertheless, the person who has had the biggest influence on my work is a man: my father. He was a machine builder. As a young woman, I never wanted to have anything to do with machines, but I’ve ended up dealing

########
Rank: 25
Score: 51.70675
Retrieved Text: We all know that dogs will eat anything. We also know that kids’ tastes generally aren’t so wide-ranging. While ice cream and pizza might be devoured in the blink of an eye, the dreaded ‘green stuff’ (vegetables to the adults) is often pushed to one side of the plate. Author Pete Carter understands this phenomenon well, as he shows in the adventures of Benji. In delightful duotone illustrations and engaging text, we see how Benji’s willingness to eat anything — from daffodils to brussels sprouts, ice cream to avocados, sandwiches to bones — gradually inspires his child owner to be a little more adventurous at mealtimes. Although dogs and kids do have standards and it seems there’s one thing neither of them will touch! The perfect book to encourage fussy eaters to try a few more vegetables! Illustrator James Henderson is Pete Carter’s nephew, making this picture book a family affair.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 51.597424
Retrieved Text: Stay cool and celebrate National Ice Cream month by making some home made ice cream in your favorite flavors. These 10 ice cream recipes will help you celebrate in style with a sweet tooth that your family and friends will love you for.
I love July. Everything about this month just screams "eat ice cream". It's National Ice Cream month, but also has National Ice Cream day, National Vanilla Ice Cream Day, and National Sundae Day. Can life get any better than to scream at you to eat as much ice cream as you can all month long?
Since I've been working on Ice Cream party printables and party ideas all month, it all just kind of fits together and makes the world perfect.
Unfortunately, my budget doesn't let me go out and enjoy ice cream at our favorite ice cream store every day in July, so instead I've been searching Pinterest today for some great ice cream recipes to make here at home.
Enjoy these recipes with me tonight and have a sweet Sundae or Banana Split to celebrate July.
Enjoy these and many more home made ice cream recipes on my Ice Cream Recipe Pinterest board. There's always something cold and sweet to eat here.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 51.57199
Retrieved Text: Coming July 14, 2018. Like ice cream? Then the Brain Freeze 5K is your kind of race. Head to Burlington, yes, it’s home to that iconic Vermont-based ice cream company with the fun names, but the race website emphatically states that it is in no way directly affiliated with any specific business except for People Helping People Global, a non-profit organization that helps individuals start small businesses. Here’s the scoop (hee-hee, pun intended!): run 1.5 miles, eat a pint of ice cream, then run back to the start. If you’re not up to eating that full pint, you can register as a Fun Runner and eat as much or as little of the ice cream as you like. Otherwise, register as a Competitor and go full hog, and run, scarf all the ice cream as quickly as you can, then run back and be eligible for time-based awards. For a “cool” race, sign up for the Brain Freeze 5K!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 51.32559
Retrieved Text: Having bags of candy left over from Halloween can be extremely frustrating. After looking for good deals and jumping on sales, not getting many trick-or-treaters can be disappointing. However, leftover candy does not need to be a waste of money. There are ways to store your candy for later or even for next year. Whether you found a great deal on candy and stocked up before the Halloween season or if there is too much candy leftover after the holiday, freezing is a frugal way to make the best of it.
These times are just broad guidelines to consider. If frozen, candy can be safely eaten after that date, but may not taste as good as when you eat it within that time frame.
Stir It Into Ice Cream: You can use leftover candy to jazz up even the plainest ice cream flavors. Pick out your favorite ice cream, then set it out to thaw for several minutes until it is soft enough to stir. It can be anywhere from ten to thirty minutes, depending on the ice cream and the temperature. You want it to be soft, but not melted enough to be a liquid. When it has reached the right consistency, stir in your favorite candies. Try vanilla ice cream with peanut butter cups or chocolate ice cream with chocolate-covered candies.
Add Them to Trail Mix: Candy can add an extra kick to trail mix. If you've bought a bag of plain trail mix or are making your own, adding chocolate to the mixture of nuts and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 51.292038
Retrieved Text: Fruiti King is a fruit based ice cream company from Klang Valley in Malaysia. They do the 100% local real fruit icy dessert and launched new kiosks, which located at Sunway Pyramid in Petaling Jaya, Lot 10 in Bukit Bintang and KLIA2 in Sepang.
Mr Max Teh, Founder and Chief Evangelist of Fruiti King, also be a fruit and ice cream lover, so he also inspired to create a best recognised icy dessert brand which promised the real of natural fruity taste of ice cream - Musang King, Cempedak, and Durian, are best choice of people love to eat!
They have their history of story begin with the local ice cream as "ais krim potong" in Ipoh. Their "ais kirm potong" are very known by local people who buy from the supermarket and convenience stores only. Now, they believe that they can do a very home-made of ice cream based on the 100% real fruit, especially Durian, Mango and Cempedak, which be favored by Malaysians. So, their vision created to get be recognized the "Fruiti King" brand by using fresh fruit, within no flavouring, no colouring, no preservatives, and premium indulgence.
My mom and I invited to attend our first time series of all-you-can-eat ice cream buffets at the Fruiti King kiosk at Sunway Pyramid Shopping Mall. They will served the different of types - potong premium, scoop, Fruiti waffle, Fruiti shake, and super premium bar for six real fruit ice cream at the newly kiosk, and ensure the original taste, texture and nutritional value of fresh fruit in

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: After, the woman gives ice cream to the child, and then the woman cleans the child's mouth. an old woman... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: feeds a boy ice cream.

Ending 2: hold the child and eats the ice cream, after the woman is giving baby ice cream to the child.

Ending 3: tries to stop the mother pray while giving a baby something else.

Ending 4: is standing using a white blower to blow snow.

Target Text: Ending 1

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 46.37322
Retrieved Text: A New York woman has been arrested after dumping her box of popcorn on a "noisy" toddler's head in a Long Island movie theatre.
Keil Karman, 25, was charged with endangering the welfare of a child after the incident during a screening of Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
The mother of the two-year-old, Celia Riggs, said all her daughter did was ask for popcorn.
Ms Karman allegedly began swearing at Ms Riggs after yelling at the toddler to be quiet.
She then forced her hand over the child's mouth, emptied her popcorn on the child's head, and hit her with the box.
Ms Karman and her 61-year-old father fled the theatre when the child started crying.
Police became involved after the toddler ended up at the doctor's later that day because of head pain.
While the attack occurred on January 2, Ms Karman was charged on Saturday. Her father was also charged on Friday for failing to intervene. Their sentences are not yet known.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.26066
Retrieved Text: KWKT reports that a 2-year-old child was spotted wandering in the street by a woman smoking outside of Bill's Grill on South First Street in Temple, around 3:30 AM. Police placed the child in Child Protective Services custody while they worked to determine who the child's mother or father or might be.
Police placed the child in Child Protective Services custody while they worked to determine who the child's mother or father or might be.
Shortly after 10 am, a woman called Temple Police, reported a missing child, saying she left her child with "three grown adults" while she visited a restaurant. The woman who reportedly has an outstanding warrant in Bell County never showed up to meet with CPS officials.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.046486
Retrieved Text: To mark the release of Wonder Woman, Cold Stone Creamery is releasing a new ice cream inspired by the superhero.
Dubbed Dark Chocolate Triple Berry, the ice cream has been used to create Wonder Woman Berry Bold, a frozen treat that boasts the ice cream, chocolate shavings, gold glitter and raspberries.
In addition, the company is also launching a cupcake called Triple Berry Wonder, which features layers of Red Velvet cake and Dark Chocolate Triple Berry Ice Cream.
This is all topped with chocolate frosting, gold glitter and a Wonder Woman chocolate medallion.
"We are excited to continue our partnership with Warner Bros. for this empowering and adventurous new movie," said Kate Unger, SV president of marketing for Cold Stone Creamery.
"Customers are going to love our super-premium ice cream and enjoy our new Wonder Woman-inspired creation. The bold flavour of our Dark Chocolate Triple Berry Ice Cream gives it a powerful chocolaty taste that goes perfectly with raspberries and chocolate shavings. Then we add gold glitter to give it some glam."

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.874226
Retrieved Text: PORT CHARLOTTE, Fla. – A southwest Florida woman is facing charges after authorities say she branded her two children with a heated stick.
The Charlotte County Sheriff&apos;s Office says 23-year-old Kayla R. Oxenham of Port Charlotte was arrested and charged with child neglect earlier this week. Officials say Oxenham heated a stick with a lighter and burned her children, ages 5 and 7, in order to mark them as her own. The woman reportedly promised the children ice cream after the burning.
Allegations of abuse were first reported in March to the Florida Department of Children and Families. The case was then turned over to the sheriff&apos;s office.
Online jail records list Oxenham&apos;s occupation as a medical assistant.
She was released on $15,000 bail Wednesday. The jail records didn&apos;t list an attorney.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 45.70696
Retrieved Text: A 44-year-old woman was arrested Wednesday after police say she tried to take a child from Lake Belton Middle School, then led police on a chase after her attempt was thwarted.
According to police, the woman is the child's biological mother, but has no legal custody rights to the child. A school resource officer was called when the woman caused a disturbance shortly before 1 p.m. When he arrived, he saw the woman get into a pickup truck and attempted to stop her. The woman then sped away.
The officer pursued the woman and called for assistance from Temple and Belton police. The pursuit reached speeds of around 70 mph before the woman pulled into the parking lot of a CEFCO convenience store in the 600 block of East 6th Street in Belton.
She was arrested and charged with evading arrest with a vehicle and attempted kidnapping. Her name has not been released.
Christopher Wilcox with the Temple Police Department said Wednesday that one officer's gun was unintentionally discharged as officers were approaching the suspect's vehicle. There were no injuries, and per department policy, the General Investigations Unit will investigate the discharge.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.946445
Retrieved Text: A child was saved from abortion Tuesday in Bridgeport, Connecticut, in spite of new police efforts to restrict pro-life ministry activities outside the Summit Women's Center abortion mill. Bridgeport police began enforcing an old injunction last week, even though it was enacted years ago against a different individual. The injunction prevents pro-lifers from going within 28 feet of the front door or within 5 feet of anyone entering. There have never been any acts of violence outside this abortion chamber, but many acts of violence have been committed against children and women inside the abortion center.
On Tuesday, a 21 year old Spanish-speaking women was dropped off across the street from the abortion mill, giving a pro-life counselor the opportunity to talk to her. After the counselor gave her Spanish literature and showed her pictures of her baby's development, the woman decided not to abort her baby.
As the early apostles discovered, no law of man can stand against the spread of the good news of Jesus Christ.
Read more about Tuesday's ministry activities in Bridgeport.
Get involved in spreading the Good News in your community.
A staff member at the "Orlando Women's Center" abortion chamber helped to save a child from abortion last Saturday. As the employee provided pre-abortion counseling to a woman, the employee sensed by the woman's tears that she had very mixed emotions about aborting her baby. The employee felt compelled to take unprecedented steps to help this woman.
She took the woman into a back room and showed her the body of an aborted baby, saying "is

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.568428
Retrieved Text: noun: a common food in western Alaska, usually made with ingredients such as Crisco or animal oil, berries, sugar, and fish. Yupik word for “something mixed.” Also known as Eskimo ice cream.
I first tasted akutaq in Kotzebue, north of the Arctic Circle. I was at a public event, and a young girl approached me with an old shoebox full of small paper cups, each packed to the brim. “Would you like some Eskimo ice cream?” she asked. Famished, I said, “Yes, please,” and took the fullest cup. This Southern woman never turns down ice cream.
It was then explained to me that the variation of ice cream I was so eager to spoon into my mouth was actually a combination seal oil, salmon, Crisco, loose snow, salmonberries, blueberries, and sugar. Since trying akutaq with an open mind was the respectful thing to do, I did my usual countdown… 3-2-1… and BOOM! Flavor explosion! Rich, gooey, bitter, tart, saccharine, indescribable texture, and unexpectedly pleasing to the palate.
My first cup of akutaq in Kotzebue, north of the Arctic Circle.
A box full o' akutaq at the 2012 Alaska Federation of Natives in Anchorage, Alaska.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.293102
Retrieved Text: #44244248 - Dry cracked earth background, clay desert texture.
#60689979 - skin rejuvenation concept. young woman with dry skin texture..
#63888581 - Beautiful young woman in white undershirt is looking at her damaged..
#93114283 - Angry woman using a sking protection moisturizer cream in winter..
#91383689 - Portrait of a happy woman applying moisturize cream in face with..
#53434378 - beauty, hairstyle, blow-dry and people concept - close up of..
#68983734 - Vision And Ophthalmology Medicine. Closeup Of Beautiful Woman..
#31310745 - Laundry, hanging on the racks of old clothes.
#84428931 - Womans face before and after rejuvenation.
#36953033 - Beauty portrait of young woman holding hour glass sand timer,..
#46787406 - Dry Dhankar lake in Himalayas mountains. Spiti valley, Himachal..
#60376538 - Clean Clothes On Hangers In The Laundry Room With Industrial..
#25489401 - Customer collecting clothes in laundry shop or textile dry-cleaning..
#37341135 - Dried fruits and berries a basket is scattered isolated on a..
#62892608 - fun happy baby boy to wash clothes and laughs in the laundry..
#72809439 - Close-up of mouth Asian girl with allergies, skin peeling and..
#37968263 - Mixed nuts on a plate on wooden background.
#56581744 - Zoom in facial with magnifier for looking dry skin problem of..
#50497719 - Dry lake bed with natural texture of cracked clay in perspective..
#49592411 - Beautiful young woman portrait with long curly red hair lying..
#40263939 - health, people, skin care and beauty concept - beautiful young..
#49724468 - Acupuncture needle used for dry needling rehabilitation medical..
#61040525 - Heap of dry tea with green leaves isolated on a white background.
#37762493 - Close-up hairdresser blow dry for client hair in hairdressing..
#37106555 -

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.15636
Retrieved Text: After a good sleep I was ready for the day ahead, or so I thought. Shortly after starting we saw Old Woman Bay. Seeing as Kate is doing her ride across Canada to celebrate turning 40, a swim in the lake named after her seemed the only thing to do. Little did I know that karma would soon have it's turn to laugh at me, as we rounded a corner and saw a sign for Baldhead River.
An old woman at Old Woman Bay.
And a baldhead at Baldhead River.
It was a very hot day, and the head winds were strong, which when mixed with a generous helping of hills meant that I was soon cooked, and it was a struggle to limp into the Lake Superior Provincial Park information centre. Coffee, energy bars, cold water and an hour in the air conditioned comfort of the visitor centre soon had my spirits back to normal levels, even if my energy was still slightly lacking, but that was corrected soon enough wheen we got to a store just outside Montreal River which sells ice cream.
Ice cream, a dietary staple for the cyclist.
Finally feeling restored, and having satisfied a 24 hour craving for ice cream, we found a great camping spot on the beach. In fact, it was such a beautiful spot (and a pebble beach) that the tent didn't come out, and I slept soundly under the stars, after a beach campfire watching the just past a full moon setting.
Sitting by the fire, watching the sun set.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.511246
Retrieved Text: And one of them was arrested.
A woman screamed for ice cream and her husband didn't listen. A 37-year-old in Nashville filed a false arrest report against her husband when he refused to satisfy her sweet tooth.
According to Fox 17, the woman alleged that her husband punched her in the face. When authorities arrived, he told them that there was no violence and his wife simply wanted him to get her ice cream. He didn't get it because he was tired from working all day.
The wife eventually admitted that she was not assaulted and she wanted police involved so that her husband would "calm down." When cops told the woman that she was going to be arrested for filing a false arrest, she attempted to flee by asking to use the bathroom and then jumping out of the window.
The woman was eventually captured and booked for filing a false report and evading arrest.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.293953
Retrieved Text: A woman from Atlanta, Georgia has slashed her boyfriend with a sword after he tried to molest her 5-year-old girl.
The woman and her daughter were taken to hospital after the authorities responded to her home in late Thursday night, 14th March.
Her husband surrendered the following morning who had a cut on his left hand.
He was charged with aggravated child molestation and two counts of cruelty to children and remains in jail as of now.
A Georgia woman slashed her boyfriend after she reportedly found him molesting her 5-year-old daughter last Thursday night.
The Twiggs County Sheriff's Office responded to an emergency call that reported there was an "unwanted subject on the property."
The Sheriff's Office reported when police they arrived at her house in Central Georgia, they met a woman who accused her boyfriend, John Lawarren Williams of molestation.
When deputies made contact with the complainant, it was discovered the complainant's boyfriend had been caught molesting a five-year-old female child.
had cut the subject with a large sword while attempting to get the subject to leave the residence. The subject fled the residence by the time deputies arrived.
The woman and her child were taken to a nearby hospital, however, their condition is unknown. Her boyfriend, 25, surrendered to authorities several hours later, around 6 in the next morning. He had a cut on his left hand from the sword.
Williams has been taken to jail and he remains there without any bond. Sources reported he was charged with aggravated child molestation and two counts of cruelty to children. The defendant has not

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.69402
Retrieved Text: Woman dies in pedestrian crash in Brooklyn Park, Minn.
BROOKLYN PARK, Minn. (FOX 9) - A 70-year-old woman died after she was struck by a vehicle in Brooklyn Park, according to authorities.
Police say around 5:20 p.m., the woman was crossing Brooklyn Boulevard at Welcome Avenue North by the Aldi.
A vehicle headed eastbound hit the woman, who died at the scene.
The driver is cooperating with police. No arrest was made.
The flood wall has gone up in Henderson for the second time this spring. The city has been effectively closed off from three major highways for the past month and economically it’s starting to take its toll.
“Yep, we are living on Henderson Island,” said Mary Menne, an active community member and the wife of the Henderson mayor.
The wall that is keeping the floodwater out has nearly trapped an entire city from within.
Minnesotans used any excuse to get outside Friday.
The only thing that kept people inside for a moment, was a treat like ice cream.
Lines were long all day at Sebastian Joe’s Ice Cream Café.
A week after a five-year-old boy was thrown from the third level of the Mall of America, donations to help him recover are now nearing the $1 million mark.
As of Friday evening, more than $900,000 has been raised on his GoFundMe page . The donations have been pouring in with more than 25,000 people contributing.
In an update released by a family representative, the boy is starting to show "real signs of recovery." The family expressed their gratitude for the support and many prayers.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.569645
Retrieved Text: HOUSTON - A woman was found naked and eating ice cream inside a drug store after leaving three children alone in a car after a wreck, investigators said.
Stephanie Dillard, 34, has been charged with endangering a child.
Houston police said Dillard's children, ages 5, 12 and 16, were in the car with her when her vehicle collided with a METRO bus near South Post Oak and Orem on Friday.
All of the children were shaken up and suffered minor injuries. The 5-year-old had a large gash over one eye, officials said.
Detectives said that after the wreck, Dillard got out of the car and walked away, leaving her children alone at the scene.
Dillard then went to a nearby CVS store and began taking off her clothes as she ate ice cream, police said.
Investigators said Dillard put up a fight when officers tried to arrest her.
The children have been turned over to a grandmother.
Police said they have not yet figured out what caused Dillard's strange behavior.
Dillard is being held in the Harris County Jail with bond set at $2,000.
Dillard's past criminal history includes a 2009 robbery charge.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.996338
Retrieved Text: In this chapter we shall undertake at length a comparison between the two stories of resurrection recorded in Sefer Melakhim - the one in which Eliyahu revives the son of the woman of Tzarfat, and the parallel narrative (Melakhim II 4) in which Elisha, his disciple, revives the son of the Shunamite woman.
Both the woman of Tzarfat and the Shumanite woman accuse the men of God who lodge in their attics, and to whom they have shown hospitality, of responsibility for their sorrow upon the death of their only sons. But the obvious similarity between the narratives does not blur the fundamental differences between them.
Meaning: previously, when she complained, she did not believe that God's word in his mouth was truth (see section 10 in the shiur from two weeks ago).
We have already explained (in section 2c) that the significance of this declaration is a request that the offending party sever contact and leave.
In other words, these two stories present fundamentally opposite relationships between the bereaved woman-mother and the prophet to whom she addresses herself.
The woman of Tzarfat, who comes to Eliyahu to ask that he leave her house, never imagines that this severe man of God is either able to or interested in reviving her son. She takes her dead son in her arms as deafening support for her complaint against the man of God as being responsible for his death.
We are told not that "she gave him," but rather that "he took him" - meaning that the woman did not believe in Eliyahu and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.865734
Retrieved Text: A person accused of burglary requires a vigorous criminal defense. This crime, which is a felony offense, can sometimes result in jail time. It is common for burglary charges to be filed alongside other charges, such as assault or drug possession. When multiple charges are filed, it is important that the accused has a good understanding of the charges and potential consequences.
A woman is accused of burglarizing a home in Lynnwood, a town near Seattle, Washington, on Aug. 28. The woman allegedly directed her 10-year-old son to climb into one of the home's windows and open the door so she could enter. The woman is accused of stealing a computer and a $2 bill that had been removed from a child's bedroom. When the woman was presented with the bill police had found in her purse, she confessed to the break-in.
Child Protective Services says the woman's son and three other children, who are all between 7 and 11 years old, have been placed with a relative. The woman is currently being held in Snohomish County Jail on warrants related to other crimes; charges in the burglary have not yet been filed, pending an investigation.
In this case, the woman could be charged not only with burglary but also with charges relating to involving a child in a crime. Additionally, police have said they found a suspicious substance in the woman's purse. If that substance proves to be an illicit drug, the woman may also face drug possession charges. The woman should be prepared to address not only

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.778584
Retrieved Text: Authorities say a Pima County woman has been arrested after her adopted daughter suffered severe burns.
A release from the Pima County Sheriff's Department says deputies were called to a home north of Tucson on December 29. They arrived to find a young girl had sustained "significant" burns as a result of hot water from the bathtub.
The five-year-old was taken to the hospital, where she remains in critical condition.
Detectives took over the investigation and determined the child's burns were not an accident.
The child's adoptive mother, 28-year-old Samantha Osteraas, was arrested and charged with two counts of child abuse.
The Arizona Department of Child Safety has also gotten involved and removed three other children from the home, PCSD said.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.323826
Retrieved Text: What Does Elizabeth Smart’s Father Want Us to Know about Trauma?
this year, Jayme Cross, a 13-year-old girl had been missing for months after a 21-year-old man murdered her parents, duct-taped her wrists and mouth, threw her in the back of his trunk, and drove away. Some 88 days after being abducted, Jayme was able to get out of the house, and run to get help from a woman out walking her dog.
Perhaps few others have as clear of a perspective on this story than the family of Elizabeth Smart—the woman who was abducted for several months in Utah in 2002 at the age of 14.
At the 2015 Coalition to End Sexual Exploitation Summit, Elizabeth Smart’s father, Ed Smart, gives a moving presentation about the way sexual exploitation and abuse is interlinked in real-life, and how to turn trauma into action. Ed Smart is now an advocate for child protection, working with numerous nonprofits and has lobbied Congress and the Senate tirelessly to prevent further abductions and to rescue missing children.
Reach out to public@ncose.com if you or someone you know is linked with the military and has a story or strategy for this issue. Anonymous or with full attribution.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 40.248318
Retrieved Text: Busy woman shopping walking dog. Busy woman carrying gift bags and walking with dog.
Busy woman carrying gift bags and walking with dog.
Set of people. Walking girl and young woman with buggy, old man, running boy with dog, teenager on skate. Characters in various lifestyles. Vector flat illustration isolated on white background.
Skier with equipment. Office worker sitting at the computer. Man walking with dog. Woman with shopping bag.
City public park concept vector illustration. Icecream salesman selling ice cream cones, kids playing ball, woman walking dog, street sweeper with broom. Flat style design.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 40.19389
Retrieved Text: An adult and a child have been shot on Detroit's northwest side, according to police.
Detroit police say a 5-year-old girl has died after being shot on Detroit's northwest side. Police say the child's mother is in critical condition.
The shooting occurred on the 19000 block of Lyndon near Evergreen Road Thursday evening. Police say the mother was shot 16 or 17 times and her 5-year-old daughter was shot one time in the head.
Detroit Police Chief James Craig said the 5-year-old was still breathing but was pronounced deceased upon arrival to the hospital.
Police believe the shooting stemmed from a family dispute. Two suspects, one man and one woman, were taken into police custody Friday morning. Police believe the man is the lone gunman and may have been wearing a mask during the time of the shooting.
Craig said the woman taken into custody is the mother's sister.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 40.150177
Retrieved Text: #95718156 - Mother, father and daughters are painting eggs. Happy family..
#89630610 - Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! A beautiful living room decorated..
#89599608 - Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays! Cheerful cute childrens girls..
#87845528 - Happy young mother feeding her baby girl with a spoon at home.
#87212028 - Young mother with toddler child working on the computer from..
#85069376 - Happy brother and two sisters on Halloween. Funny kids in carnival..
#83441474 - Happy funny child under the autumn shower. Girl is wearing yellow..
#82359642 - Two children sisters play together. Kid measures the growth on..
#81604246 - Parent and pupil of primary school go hand in hand. Woman and..
#80495276 - Mother and daughters sitting under the tree on summer lawn. Happy..
#78529245 - Happy fathers day! Child daughter congratulates dad and gives..
#78529088 - Patriotic holiday. Silhouettes of people holding the Flag of..
#78504511 - Patriotic holiday. USA are celebrate 4th of July. Close up of..
#77881376 - Beautiful young woman and child girl little helper are having..
#77784748 - Beautiful young woman and child girl little helper are having..
#77784725 - A nice girl and her mother enjoy sunny morning. Good time at..
#77784653 - Happy family cleans the room. Mother and daughter do the cleaning..
#77784651 - Beautiful young woman and child girl little helper are smelling..
#76828954 - Mother and her children playing together. Girls and mom in Superhero..
#76828940 - Happy fathers day! Dad and his child daughter are playing and..
#76828909 - Happy loving family. Dad and his daughter playing outdoors. Daddy..
#76828907 - Concept of fathers day! Man in superhero costume is protecting..
#76109785 - Happy loving

########
Rank: 20
Score: 40.146904
Retrieved Text: Hopatcong Police Department via Facebook.
HOPATCONG — When police entered a home on a wellness check, they found the man they were looking for in bed. What they had not expected was to find a woman he was living with dead in the same room.
Lt. Thomas Kmetz said police were alerted to the situation last month by a woman who said she received a text message from her child's father.
The man, later identified as 35-year-old Matthew Schmarr, was living with a 52-year-old woman whose body police found.
After being unable to contact anyone at the home, police said they got a key from a neighbor, which is when they found Schmarr and the dead woman.
Prior to police finding Schmarr and the woman on March 21, they said he was caring for a child on March 18 and 19.
During the time the child was in his care, police said Schmarr was driven to Paterson where he got various drugs including heroin and cocaine. Kmetz said the child was not with him when he bought the drugs, but was in the house when he used them.
Kmetz said Schmarr believed the woman had died either late that Saturday night or early Sunday morning. It was not until Sunday evening that Kmetz said he checked to confirm that the woman was dead. Rather than calling police, Kmetz said he "used more drugs and passed out."
On the morning of Monday, March 20, Kmetz said Schmarr took more drugs and called a friend to the house to show him the body. At that time

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.053066
Retrieved Text: This summer the new Wonder Woman will be playing in theaters and we are getting ready with an awesome Dr Pepper® Ice Cream Shake recipe inspired by the film. I grew up loving Wonder Woman because she is confident and strong, a wonderful role model for girls. She also was important in my childhood because the star of the TV series, Lynda Carter, attended the same high school as my mother in Globe, Arizona. Our tiny mining town has a real soft spot for Wonder Woman and I’m so excited to see the new film next month. Dr Pepper and Orville Redenbacher’s® at Fry’s, my local Kroger grocery store, are celebrating with Wonder Woman packaging and adding to the enthusiasm as we wait for this summer’s next big film. Dr Pepper ice cream floats have always been a favorite but we’ve elevated it to a shake topped with whipped topping, gold and star sprinkles, a cookie and added a red licorice straw. The Wonder Woman cans turn a plain ice cream float into a wonderful dessert for a superhero celebration.
Movies give us a reason to connect with friends and loved ones. Dr Pepper and Orville Redenbacher® are adding to the reasons why we love summer films. New Wonder Woman cans and popcorn packaging have my family excited for Wonder Woman coming to theaters June 2nd.
My mom is my hero. She works at the post office in my small hometown and I’m sure most days many at the post office actually call her their hero too. She

########
Rank: 22
Score: 39.98351
Retrieved Text: 1 A great sign appeared in the sky, a woman 2 clothed with the sun, with the moon under her feet, and on her head a crown of twelve stars.
Then another sign appeared in the sky; it was a huge red dragon, 4 with seven heads and ten horns, and on its heads were seven diadems.
She gave birth to a son, a male child, destined to rule all the nations with an iron rod. 5 Her child was caught up to God and his throne.
The huge dragon, the ancient serpent, 9 who is called the Devil and Satan, who deceived the whole world, was thrown down to earth, and its angels were thrown down with it.
Then I heard a loud voice in heaven say: "Now have salvation and power come, and the kingdom of our God and the authority of his Anointed. For the accuser 10 of our brothers is cast out, who accuses them before our God day and night.
They conquered him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony; love for life did not deter them from death.
Therefore, rejoice, you heavens, and you who dwell in them. But woe to you, earth and sea, for the Devil has come down to you in great fury, for he knows he has but a short time."
When the dragon saw that it had been thrown down to the earth, it pursued the woman who had given birth to the male child.
But the woman was given the two wings of the great eagle,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 39.662876
Retrieved Text: Early Wednesday morning Beloit Police Department found a toddler, between 2 and 3-years-old, was found walking in the street on the 1500 block of Roosevelt Avenue. The child was unable to communicate with police officers. After unsuccessfully "canvassing" the neighborhood, Beloit Police Department asked for the public's help via Facebook. With an hour of the incident, police were able to locate the child's mother. No arrests, charges, etc., were announced however people on Facebook were quite ticked after reading about the incident. Many commentators were quick to throw judgment at the child's mom, except for one woman.
Before you all slam that mother, toddlers are escape artists. I had one who was a Houdini.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 39.64882
Retrieved Text: MY favorite part of the article below is when the spokesman says that they will riot if the mom is arrested or if her conditions of house arrest are worsened. They won't even wait to see if there is a chance that this woman brutalized her kid. The child's safety is less important than making the point that the state has no power over these people.
How can the State of Israel, or any country survive with the rule of law so twisted to suit each seperate group? How can only secular jews be prosecuted? How is that at all ok?
I firmly believe that these types of issues will be the destruction of Israel long term. If the arabs were smart they would sit back and wait for Israel to tear herself apart. Then they could just walk in and scoop up the remains.
An indictment was served Tuesday in the Jerusalem District Court against a haredi woman suspected of starving her three-year-old child over a period of two years. The woman's internment sparked riots in Jerusalem which lasted nearly a week.
The ultra-Orthodox Toldot Aharon sect to which the woman belongs threatened to renew riots if she is remanded again or if the conditions of her house arrest are worsened.
The woman underwent a psychiatric evaluation last week and was found to be fit for trial.
Since her arrest, the mother has consistently refused to cooperate with investigators, and has been erratic in appearing for both court hearings and psychiatric evaluations.
Her son, who weighed just seven kilograms when he was

########
Rank: 25
Score: 39.5492
Retrieved Text: A monkey abducted a two-year-old boy from his home in India just to have someone to play with, and he refused to return the boy to his family.
In a video shared online, the monkey plays with the boy at the roadside – the monkey is seen at a point trying to remove something from the child's hair.
A woman sees the baby and can be seen to rescue it, but the monkey hugs the baby repeatedly and refuses to let it go.
In the viral video, the woman can say: "Where did you get the baby? Let me take it home."
When the woman tried to take the child, the monkey hugged the boy and did not allow the woman to take him. When the woman realized that her attempts to get the boy out of the primate did not work, she withdrew to examine her options.
The baby is said to have been brought from a home in Haryana, India.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 39.522594
Retrieved Text: It's not even a contest. Grandma is happy to lose, and Zoe's got her so wrapped around her finger she has Grandma thinking it's a win.
I'm talking about my mother here, aka Queens Grandma, Zoe's name for her. Her other grandmother she calls Connecticut Grandma. Connecticut Grandma is also charmed by Zoe, going so far as to call her a "pleasure" and a "delight." However, Connecticut Grandma's been in the trenches. She raised four kids and now has seven grandchildren, Zoe being the last. So she's seen things you wouldn't believe and has either lived to tell the tale or long enough to forget the worst of it.
My mom is a different story. Zoe is her only grandchild. So she dotes till it hurts and then she digs deep and dotes some more.
This weekend was a case in point. My mother was over and we were going out to dinner along with my sister and her husband, both older and wiser, i.e., childless. The occasion? My mother's birthday. Now ask me if even though it was her birthday she brought a gift for Zoe. If you said yes, you'd be wrong.
And when our reservation at the restaurant was late, guess who shelled out more money for another gift at the toy store next to the restaurant?
all baddiwad. It were his droogs.
Zoe was overexcited and hungry, the one-two punch of misbehavior, so The Husband and I had to keep disciplining her, reminding her of her manners, threatening to take toys away, etc. Meanwhile she continued to slide

########
Rank: 27
Score: 39.51209
Retrieved Text: A woman who ordered a child-sized omelette for her 11-month child at the Weetons Café in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, was labelled as ‘Weird Freak’ in the receipt.
‘She ordered a breakfast for herself and a smaller omelette for our 11-month-old because he’s just started eating lots of different things. The girl at the till said why don’t you just order a normal omelette and she explained that he wouldn’t eat it all so could she just have a smaller portion.’ Said Steve, a scientist from Harrogate and the husband of the woman noted.
The woman then noticed the staff giggling seeing the receipt and asked for a copy of the receipt in which she noticed that it was written ‘Weird Freak’. The store manager apologised to the woman and mentioned that the staff would be dealt internally.
Previous Post Did you know about this secret ingredient in Ice Creams?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 39.434917
Retrieved Text: I dreamed a dream yesterday where I was standing at the Macey's deli counter. A woman in a black hat and blue shirt handed me an ice cream cone that towered above my head. When I awoke in the morning I wanted ice cream for breakfast.
Chup took me to Macey's where a woman in a black hat and blue shirt handed me an ice cream cone (only for 84 cents!) which towered above and drooped to the left. It was the first ice cream cone I've had in many years.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 39.31672
Retrieved Text: The hands of the elderly man keep the word life. The hands of an old man.
hd00:06Hands of an elderly woman. Grandmother and granddaughter hold the word family.
hd00:22Close up of the hand of a man holding a tablet in his palms.
hd00:09The man was cut with a knife. Blood flows from the fingers. Close up HD video shot.
hd00:12The child's hands hold the word love. The hands of an elderly woman hold the child's hands.
hd00:23Chlid counts pills. Girl taking one pill among big choice.
hd00:10The face of an old woman. Happy face of an elderly woman close-up.
hd00:21Children are hugging grandmother. Happy little girls hug their grandmother.

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: Men are lifting heavy weights over their head several times. A man in a blue shirt is watching one of the men. a man in a gray shirt... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: is watching the men on the ground.

Ending 2: hits a big weight in slow motion.

Ending 3: is talking to one of the men in the middle of the gym.

Ending 4: is mimicking the person lifting the weight.

Target Text: Ending 4

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.34865
Retrieved Text: Home · Physique Global Article · Will lifting weights make women bulky?
There’s been a misconception in the world of weight lifting for years that lifting weights will make females bigger or “bulky”. Women are afraid to lift weights because they fear getting bulky, and by that, they generally mean gaining a significant amount of muscle mass.
On the contrary, lifting weight and supplementing it with a very healthy, nutrient-dense diet, proper exercise programs and recovery techniques will help you achieve a lean, firm, tight, athletic body.
Lifting weights will help cultivate a lean figure and good posture.
It will provide a calorie burn that lasts the entire day.
It will help with general metabolism, energy levels, and sleep.
It will improve bone density and help keep away osteoporosis in later life.
It will improve your general mood.
You’ll lose unwanted fat and fit into your skinny jeans.
Women DO NOT get bulky from lift weights. Women do not have nearly enough testosterone in their bodies to ‘bulk up’. In fact, the average female has about 15-20 times less testosterone than men do. Testosterone aids in muscle building. Since men have more of this hormone, they build muscle at a quicker and easier rate than women do.
Fact of the matter is lifting weights won’t make you big. You won’t look like a man. It will actually enhance your feminine curves. So go hit the gym and lift some heavy weights!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.07228
Retrieved Text: Kevin Charles is a certified personal trainer and group fitness instructor with more than 14 years experience working in fitness clubs as well as his own firm: My Favourite Trainer, based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He has written articles on fitness and nutrition for various Canadian publications over the last 12 years.
Light weights have traditionally been thought to be a waste of time if you were trying to build muscles. New research, however, is challenging that notion and suggesting that light weights, when lifted for higher reps, can indeed be just as effective as lifting heavy weights for strengthening your muscles and building mass.
A study published in April 2012 issue of the, "Journal for Applied Physiology" concluded that lifting less weight for more repetitions is as effective as lifting heavier weights for lower reps. The research authors noted that the key to achieving optimal results is to lift to the point of failure. An earlier study published in the August 2010 issue of the journal, "PLoS ONE" went one step further and concluded that lifting light weights for high reps is more effective than using high weights for lower reps for inducing muscle growth.
High rep, light weight workouts offer several benefits. They are particularly helpful for new or older exercisers or people with joint issues who might be afraid or unable to lift heavier weights. Even seasoned lifters can benefit from incorporating this type of training into their workouts. Changing the way you train every few weeks prevents your muscles from hitting a plateau. Your muscles

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.359276
Retrieved Text: Celebrate one-thousand issues of Superman history with one singular t-shirt!
One-thousand issues and still going strong.
Yes, Action Comics -- the DC comic book responsible for introducing every man, woman, child, and moderately trained house cat to Superman -- released its one-thousandth issue long before Earth's sun expired or Facebook conquered mankind.
And yes, it managed to hit this unheard of issue number regardless of the occasional retcon, reboot, or continuity-killing, New 52-shaped bullet to the back of the head.
Celebrating a landmark issue never before reached by the average, mortal comic book, our Superman Action Comics No. 1000 Men's T-Shirt sports the iconic cover to the iconic DC Comic.
Made from 100% pre-shrunk cotton, this navy-blue Superman t-shirt for men -- as previously mentioned -- features the very cover to Action Comics #100.
And yes, it's rendered by Jim Lee.
And yes, the comic runs 80 pages and features several Superman stories by several comic creators.
And yes, he's proudly wearing those bright red trunks again.
So, wear the Superman tee and celebrate over 83 years of mind-boggling, planet-hefting, and heart lifting Superman action.
Great shirt, got it for my fiance's birthday and he loves it!
Nice design for Action Comics number 1,000.
It recently has arrived and I am still amazingly amazed of how big and nice the image is.SUPERB!!!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.808254
Retrieved Text: What if Men's and Women's Workouts Switched Places?
What if Men’s and Women’s Workouts Switched Places?
What would it look like if men’s and women’s workouts were reversed? Let’s just say that the next time you’re at the gym, you could find yourself having to watch men attempt bent over rows using pink, two-pound dumbbells while checking out their own backsides in the mirror. This is another great comedic video from Yahoo!’s FlipSide series. We previously mentioned their video that hypothesizes what it would be like if women liked football more than men do. This workout video takes the workout stereotypes for men and women and flips them around. A fair warning: there is a scene in the video in which a very large woman leaves a ton of sweat all over a workout machine. Don’t watch that part while eating.
These FlipSide videos always generate a fair amount of discussion. It seems there’s always someone out there to find just about anything offensive, so these videos are no exception. Many hypersensitive types will be quick to point out that the workout activities depicted in this video don’t apply to every man or every women. Everyone knows that. There are men who like yoga and women who like lifting heavy weights. There just seems to be more men who like heavy weights and more women who like yoga. We can laugh about it. It’s okay. Check it out below. If you like it, ‘Share’ it.
What if what men and women find attractive was reversed?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.28859
Retrieved Text: Anyone who has spent time at a gym has seen it. A man attempting to go beyond his limits to improve his answer to the question, "How much do you bench?" Working out with too much weight for ego purposes isn't a smart thing to do.
Sometimes it becomes comical. Friends shout encouragement as the man struggles with the weight, veins popsout in his neck, and he thrusts his hips off the workout bench to help his overmatched chest muscles. Ken Karnack, a personal trainer for 12 years, has seen that many times.
"They yank their hips up off the bench over a foot and they're screaming and yelling," said Karnack, the owner ofOld School Fitness in Frisco, Texas. "With men, their ego tends to take over and they think they can do muchmore than they can." Pumping the ego is responsible for many of the ridiculous things men do when working out.
Here are six of those ridiculous behaviors and workout strategies, as well as some advice from fitness pros tokeep you from standing out -- at least in a bad way -- during your next visit to the gym.
------ LIFTING TOO MUCH WEIGHT Yes, this one really is about the ego. Dumbbells or barbells, machines orfree weights, many men go for too much. That can lead to bad form, which will not train muscles properly and canlead to injury.
"The last two reps of a set should be challenging," said Shannon Edwards, a trainer at Cooper Fitness Center inDallas. "But you should never compromise your range of motion."

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.14989
Retrieved Text: If you’re looking to build your muscle and workout more on that will causes you to down, here we are giving some interesting tips, lifting light weights for more reps can be just as effective as lifting heavier weights for few reps.
The recent study from McMaster University was followed full-body resistance training program over the course of a 12-week with 49 young men. About half the participants had used lighter weights ranging from 20 to 25 repetitions (Each person weights were set at 30 to 50% the amount he could lift one time).
And the other half those who lifted heavier weights (set at 75% to 90% of each man’s one- repetition maximum) for sets ranging from 8 to 12 reps.
The both groups worked until they feel fatigue. Finally the researchers found that gains in muscular strength and size among participants in both groups were not significantly different.
So, people should be aware growing muscle with small weights is better than lifting heavy weights. The people who follow light weights workout will get same result as the people who lifting heavy weights to build muscle with Dumbbells. From recent researchers they speaks ‘Simply put, your effort more on the weight you use’.
So please go ahead and workout whatever weight limit of dumbbells you use—as long as you keep up the reps until you cannot do any more.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.0812
Retrieved Text: 20-inch thighs; whereas the tumbler had 14-inch arms and 22 -inch thighs. When they came together, the tumbler took hold of the gymnast and ran him backwards across the gym; and then up-ended him and stood him on his head. The tumbler's constant springing, leaping, bending, and twisting had given him great strength in the thighs and waist; and that is the kind of strength which enables a man to push forward against greater resistance, and to keep his feet against the onslaught of a powerful opponent.
It may surprise you to know that only a strong-backed man can lift great weights to arms' length above the head. One of the simplest training stunts of the lifters is to take a bar-bell in both hands and push it several times in succession to arms' length above the head. A man who is accustomed to using bar-bells will do this quickly and easily; and when he pushed the bell aloft his body will remain erect. Anyone who had never used weights, on seeing a lifter raise the bar-bell in this easy fashion, would be apt to exclaim, "My! that chap must have strong arms to be able to push up a heavy weight in that way." If the lifter invited the bystander to try to push the bell aloft, here is what would probably happen: In the first place, the novice would have considerable difficulty in raising the 100-lb. bell from the floor to the chest, on account of the lack of strength in his back; and if

########
Rank: 7
Score: 36.77
Retrieved Text: Mythbusting - Women, Lifting Weights, and Getting "Bulky"
I could read her response before the words left her mouth.
No, I can’t read minds. But I’ve seen this script play out countless times.
I had just advised a female client that, in order to achieve her goals of losing fat and shrinking her waist line, she would benefit from getting stronger, and that lifting weights 1 – 3 days per week would accelerate her progress.
So many women believe “lifting weights = bulky”. Why?
Many women are afraid to do any sort of strength training out of a fear of becoming “bulky”, “muscle-y”, or “looking gross”. This is a common – and harmful – misconception. Where does it come from?
Mention weightlifting to some women, and immediately, the thought arises that they’ll develop “man-like” HYOOGE biceps and chest muscles. This keeps many women from getting stronger.
This is silly. And is mainly due to..
Testosterone is a muscle-building hormone produced naturally by both men and women.
However, women only produce a fraction of the amount of testosterone produced by men. Natural (as in those who do not use anabolic substances) female lifters cannot attain the bulky, muscular look achieved by male bodybuilders. It is physiologically impossible.
Dedicated females lift for years and years, getting stronger and stronger, and don’t come remotely close to attaining the muscle size competitive male bodybuilders do. And these are women who are stronger than many men! It’s silly to think that moderate strength training will make you look like a man!
Yes, yes they are. They’ve also dedicated a large portion of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.70535
Retrieved Text: The man in front of me wore a checked shirt of blue and white. I wore a similar shirt, mine more white than blue, and no fewer than six other men on the small plane wore the same pattern in the same colors. The older men in first class wore solid blue.
The checked shirt man bobbed his head long before the plane launched into the sky. He bobbed his head as we cleared the coastal state and then still he bobbed when we made it over Lake Erie. The bob was the same the whole time, shallow and quick, always the same beat. Whatever he was listening to was consistent, song after song, either that or he was stuck on repeat and he bobbed to the same song in that same shirt in the seat in front of me for the entirety of that westbound flight. I wished I hadn’t been so annoyed by the constant motion. I tried to video the bobbing, but the phone was on 9% and the passengers behind me would have been able to see what I was doing. I preferred to be simply one of the men in the checked shirts on that flight, and not the man who videotaped the other man because of his insistent, steady bob.
Once I flew home from the Cayman Islands, which island I cannot remember. Two days before the return flight that island sun had burned my face so badly that I spent those two days that followed slinking around the shady side of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.101383
Retrieved Text: When most of us think of looking our best, we automatically think about losing weight. While weight loss is paramount to good health, you also need to consider weight lifting. In fact, when you lose weight, roughly 25 percent of the weight you will lose is muscle. This might seem like it’s not a big deal at first, until you realize that you feel weak, tired and overly fragile all the time. It might be difficult for you to do certain tasks because you’ve lost too much muscle. Weight lifting should be done by both genders, regardless of the fear you might have of bulking up, and it is imperative to do as you begin to age.
Weight lifting helps to both tone and build muscle. Muscle is important for doing everyday tasks like lifting heavy items, walking, running and bending over. Weight loss is fine, but it needs to be coupled with good-quality weight lifting in order to achieve that toned physique that you’re probably going for. As you age, you’ll naturally lose muscle and you might find that your bones break easier because they’re not surrounded by dense muscle. Weight lifting can help to reverse physical signs of aging and give you your independence back.
Weight lifting needs to be done with the right equipment in order for it to be effective. You can join a gym where weight lifting equipment is readily available with instructions on how to use the machines. Likewise, you can purchase equipment for the house so that you can lift weights

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.870216
Retrieved Text: For the first forty years of my life, I thought lifting weights was for meatheads. If you lifted weights, my thinking went, you cared more about your looks than your health or fitness level. Actually, not looks even, just sheer size. I was convinced that my fitness regimen of endurance training (running, cycling, walking), flexibility (yoga), and basic whole-body movements (more yoga) was far superior to stupidly lifting weights in a gym. I mean, look at those guys  in the gym: they take a barbell, lift it five times, and then they take a five minute break. Do they even break a sweat? I don’t call that exercise, I call that sitting around on your lazy behind. Only when I started to read up on exercise physiology did I realize that lifting heavy is an extremely beneficial activity. Further, it is likely the most important type of exercise we can engage in, in particular as we grow older. And those five-minute breaks are absolutely necessary if you’re doing it right, in particular if you care more for strength than size.
Before I continue, though, a word of clarification: While the title of this post says “lift weights,” what really matters is that one engages in resistance training, i.e., putting heavy loads onto the muscles, tendons, and bones. Conventional resistance training involves barbell work, e.g. the barbell squat or the deadlift. However, other forms of exercise can be resistance training as well. For example, there are many excellent bodyweight resistance exercises. If you’re regularly cranking out planche

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.776337
Retrieved Text: Weight-lifting brings tangible results and is hugely satisfying. It’s becoming increasingly popular for women, but many still fear they’ll soon resemble body-builders, rather than create the lean physique they desire.
I have witnessed the changes by females that I have trained which has transformed their shape increased confidence levels, toned the untoneable, all without them looking like an Amazonian Warrior Queen.
Gradually, general consensus is shifting though, with more and more women trying resistance training – be that with weights or just their own bodies – and reaping fantastic results.
New quotes like “Strong is the new skinny” is changing the way ladies look at weight training.
Females are using the cardio machines less for fitness now as they are realising they are getting better results from either HIIT or heavy lifting exercises that require more muscles to be engaged.
Why females cannot easily BULK up.
I know some women worry about bulking up and I understand how they come to that conclusion after talking to many clients, but one great thing to know is that women actually need excess testosterone to build those huge muscles.
Testosterone is the main reason behind muscle growth. This is the reason men are significantly bulkier and muscular as compared to women. No matter how hard women train, the lack of testosterone won’t make them gain muscle mass like the men do. Women simply aren’t wired to get there, without help!
Many women miss out on the benefits of strength training out of fear of developing bulging muscles. This is a misconception. According to the Women’s Heart Foundation,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.5801
Retrieved Text: Mass Peak Pro - Pills Price, Ingredients, Benefits & Where to buy?
Mass Peak Pro – Pills Price, Ingredients, Benefits & Where to buy?
What are the ingredients that are present in Mass Peak Pro?
How does Mass Peak Pro work?
How to use Mass Peak Pro?
Who should use Mass Peak Pro?
How to buy Mass Peak Pro?
Are you searching for the product which can make your muscles? Every man has a dream of getting heavy muscle mass. Some work so hard to gain muscle mass but fails to do so due to low energy or unhealthy eating habits. Do you feel like your performance is very low as compared to another person in the gym?
You should take a booster to boost up your performance and energy level. It is not so difficult to gain muscle mass, but the fact is it requires lots of hard work. And for that, you should have high stamina. You always rely on some or other Supplement to gain muscles mass. But taking Supplements which does not assure of quality and wellness is not good for gaining muscles mass. Do you find difficulty in lifting out iron rods and weights in the gym? Do you always up in comparing yourself with others? If you feel all this things and emotions being a man then no need to feel like this at all now. Muscle booster is out now in the market. There are so many products which are already available in the market but good this over all their other muscle booster Supplements. So read

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.1915
Retrieved Text: Dedicated Nutrition clothing is for those who are striving and committed to a fitness goal. It is the ultimate personification of giving is everything to reach your goal turning your dreams into a reality.
Predator Nutrition Dedicated T-Shirt Lift F#cking Heavy Review Dedicated t-shirts always incorporate their no-nonsense slogans and you are guaranteed to receive the highest quality materials- all of the t-shirts are primarily cotton, ensuring you will be wearing a comfortable t-shirt with a nice tight fitting while killing it in the gym. The t-shirt is also double-needle stitched and pre-shrunk so there’s no worry of it shrinking in the wash.
This t-shirt is specifically designed for lifting weights, to give you that extra10% you need to actually lift F#%*~*g heavy, for once.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.033936
Retrieved Text: "There is nothing quite as elemental to the makeup of a man as strength." This quote is taken from the introduction to a book written by a famous bodybuilder and strongman from the 1970s. I also used this quote in the chapter I wrote for the book "Iron Nation: Passion for Hard Training." I like this quote because it encapsulates the way that most of us who lift weights feel about our training. If you are reading this, you have probably dedicated a great deal of time and energy to the goal of building, maintaining, and even testing, overall body strength. But just what IS strength? I will not bore you with Webster's definition of the word. Nor will I attempt to differentiate between strength and power. I'll leave that to the Physics majors out there (and you know who you are!) But what does it really mean to be strong, and just what is the best method to measure strength?
Over the years, there have been many ways to measure and compare one's strength. I won't go back to the days of Milo of Crotona, or the gladiators. I will merely go back to the last century, starting back when Physical Culture became popular, and to the early days of weightlifting in the United States. When York Barbell was selling weights to the masses, and as more and more people became interested in building their bodies, the sport of Weightlifting or Olympic Lifting began to grow in popularity. In the years following World War II, the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.896893
Retrieved Text: The last several months my confidence has improved tremendously, and with it my riding has steadily progressed as well. Not only have my times on the barrel pattern improved, but I’m riding more aggressively than ever.
While losing fifty pounds certainly does help to a certain extent, what has helped more than anything is getting stronger, not just in my core but all over. When you feel strong, you feel in control of not only your horse, but yourself as well and that builds confidence.
I had mentioned in one of my earlier posts that I didn’t spend hours at the gym. I have an extremely busy life between working two jobs, running a horse farm, writing books & marketing them, and writing blogs. I don’t have the time to spend an hour every day at the gym.I lift weights and only do a total of 4-5 exercises per workout. It only takes around 20-30 minutes at most to complete the exercises that I do. That’s realistic and achievable for someone that’s busy.
There are three exercises in particular that have helped me the most in becoming a better rider. I like these exercises because not only do you work multiple muscle groups, you also get a cardio workout as well.
The first is a walking lunge with a forward arm raise. Here I’m using 10 pound weights. This is a great exercise for riding because not only does it work your legs, but it also requires balance to execute the position, and it works your entire core to lift

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.85149
Retrieved Text: Lifting heavy equipment comes with its dangers, and weightlifting is no exception. Common injuries include muscle strains and bone fractures. According to "The New York Times," several injuries occur from people dropping weights on themselves. For the most part, weightlifting-related injuries are preventable and weightlifting can be healthy addition to your physical activities. Effective weight management, muscular strength, are among the many benefits of lifting weights. Becoming aware of the dangers of lifting weights is the first step in avoiding them.
Excessively overloading your muscles during a workout session can lead to muscle soreness. This is common in beginners and those increasing the amount to lift due to small tears in the muscle. However, if you overload your muscles, the muscle soreness may come from a more serious injury such as a muscle strain, according to Columbia Health. Common causes for muscle overload are unknowingly working the same muscle group with one or more exercises or attempting to lift weight that are too heavy. Avoid muscle overload by resting between sets for 60 to 90 seconds and gradually increasing the weight you lift. A warm up for five minutes helps improve your muscle flexibility, which helps prevent overstretching your muscles.
Performing exercise with an improper form can lead to short term back pain and long term nerve damage. Undeveloped abdominal muscle makes your spine more venerable when lifting heavy weights which can lead to lumbar sprains. For instance poor posture when attempting deadlifts or squats can result in back pain, according to Spine Health. Also, rocking your body

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.83097
Retrieved Text: The fear of bulking up to anything close to these muscular extremes has long kept many women out of the weight room.
But steering clear of lifting anything heavier than your hair dryer is a big mistake: "Strength is an often-overlooked component of physical health," says Alexander Koch, Ph.D., an associate professor of exercise science at Lenoir-Rhyne University. "Lifting weights is excellent for improving bone density, joint mobility, and body composition." Not to mention that daily tasks such as lugging groceries, moving furniture, and climbing stairs become easier.
And the benefits don't end there. "Physical strength begets mental strength," says Jill Coleman, former figure competitor and cofounder of the fat-loss company Metabolic Effect based in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. "Finishing a tough weight-training session makes you feel like you can take on the world."
In addition to all of that, lifting weights could be the ticket to achieving the slim, tight body you desire, since strength training boosts lean muscle mass and fires up your metabolism. Still not convinced? Read on as we bust four common muscle myths and show you the way to a smokin' body.
Muscle Myth # 1: LIFTING "HEAVY" MAKES YOU BULKY.
"The fear that one will suddenly grow large amounts of muscle from lifting weights is akin to worrying you'll be involuntarily drafted by the WNBA if you shoot a few hoops at the Y," says Koch. "It just won't happen." According to Koch, women have testosterone levels that are about 15 to 20 times lower than those of men—hormonally speaking, we are just not likely to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.538834
Retrieved Text: If you’re looking to build more muscle, you’ve come to the right place. Strength training and bodybuilding has a long history and keeps increasing in popularity all over the world. Strength training is also absolutely vital for anyone who even has the slightest interest in their health and longevity.
Building your body doesn’t necessarily mean standing on a stage in small speedos flexing infront of a crowd, although that is a common referral to it, the term also include increasing your muscle tissue and strengthening your body in general.
Whether it be for athletic purposes, medical reasons or just for your own wellbeing or self-esteem it is definitely something absolutely vital to do, as long as its done safe and in a correct manner!
What you want to achieve is called Myofibrillar Hypertrophy – which happens when you stimulate your muscles by lifting heavy weights. Trauma is caused to the individual muscle fibers, your body overcompensates and attempts to recover which will increase volume and density of the traumatized myofibrils.
Most people try to build muscle by swinging around weights in high rep isolation exercises until pumped and sore and call it a day, but this rarely works because you can’t lift heavy enough to trigger muscle growth. Lifters who are already strong or use drugs can build muscle by doing mostly isolation exercises like curls and flies.
Any starters in the gym should focus on compound exercises to build muscle. The best things are the basics when it comes to exercise – Squat, Bench press, Deadlift, Over-head-press and Row. You

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.473602
Retrieved Text: Let’s be honest, weight training can be a bit intimidating at first. The insane amount of false information doesn’t make it any easier to understand either. When it comes to weightlifting there are countless myths, especially for women.
Because of this, many women end up in a vicious cycle of a never-ending cardio routine and a fear of lifting heavy weights. You’ve probably heard some of the following myths at least once, if not many times. However, I am here to tell you that they are just that- myths. In fact, most of these myths all boil down to misinformation or a lack of understanding. So what are the most common weightlifting myths for women?
This weightlifting myth is probably one of the most common, and it doesn’t seem to be going away anytime soon. Lifting weights builds muscle and will subsequently burn fat. Numerous studies have shown that women who perform resistance training were better able to build strength, improve their body composition and bolster their metabolism.
Most women do not fully understand the amount of training required to put on a lot of muscle. It takes a lot, and I mean a lot, to build and maintain muscle. Having said that, women have much lower testosterone levels (the growth hormone needed to build muscle) when compared to men, so the risk of being “muscly” is far lower.
On to another common strength training myth. Honestly, this myth couldn’t be further from the truth. While cardio certainly has its place in keeping you fit and healthy, it’s not the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.4528
Retrieved Text: In 1937, Dr. Peter Karpovich of Springfield College in Massachusetts published a ground breaking paper showing that lifting weights helped men improve their coordination. At the time, his paper was ridiculed by most athletes in professional sports. Many of the most famous baseball players before World War II laughed at him because they were rich, famous and the best and most adored athletes in the world, and they didn't lift weights. They were afraid that lifting weights would cause them to develop such large muscles that they wouldn't be able to control them and they would lose the fine coordination necessary to hit and throw a baseball. They proudly announced that lifting weights would make a ball player "musclebound".
Today violin players and watchmakers, who require extraordinary coordination and dexterity, well beyond that needed to hit a baseball, lift weights because they know that there is no such condition as "muscle bound". Today's baseball players all lift weights and they are so much stronger and better athletes, that the best baseball players in the world before 1940 couldn't possibly even make today's baseball teams because they weren't strong enough.
Training for strength improves coordination. Your brain is a master switchboard that coordinates your muscles. Lifting weights does not interfere with brain function; it improves coordination in events that require strength, such as playing sports, working as a carpenter, opening a stuck door or beating a drum. Strength training makes you faster. Muscles are made up of slow and fast twitch fibers. The slow-twitch, red fibers are used primarily

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.384026
Retrieved Text: Classic towering fiberglass statue made in the 1960s to promote roadside businesses.
Northwest of Jackson, Route 88 North and Ridge Rd. Warriors Lodge, in the parking lot.
The Muffler Man now wears an original red shirt and blue pants, not the green shirt that he had before. He wielded an axe recently, but it has been removed. The Thrift Store is no longer there, either, it's now a gym called The Warriors Lodge.
This Muffler Man is now sporting a green shirt with blue jeans and a yellow hard hat. He is near Jackson, CA on 88 and Ridge. He seems shorter than other Muffler Men that we have seen. I wish I could have measured him before I drove off.
You've seen one, you've seen them all? HECK NO The Muffler Men may not be a national monument (yet) but how many times have you given directions and told someone to turn left at the big green Muffler Man on the corner? No? Then keep your eyes open, they're THERE!
On the way through this small town to a favorite fishing spot I spotted a muffler man. He's about 25 feet tall and looks kind of like Paul Bunyan. His hands are in the classic tell-tale muffler man position. He has a red shirt and jeans on, but wields nothing with his mighty muffler arms. He also has a bushy brown beard. He is not a particullarily impressive muffler man; nonetheless I was ecstatic that I found one.
Swingle Meat Cow, Jackson, CA - 2 mi.
Preston Castle - Haunted Boys Prison,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.371403
Retrieved Text: Men over 60 can benefit from daily exercise that includes aerobics, strength training and flexibility workouts. Choose exercises according to your health needs and your interests. Regular exercise can decrease the risk of chronic diseases, improve your sexual health and help control arthritis, cholesterol and blood pressure. Check with your doctor before starting an exercise program.
Most senior men should participate in 150 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobics per week – exercise that increases your breathing and pulse rate to a point that you can still carry on a conversation without stopping to pause for breath. If physically able, engage in 75 minutes of vigorous aerobic activity, which substantially increases your breathing and heart rate and causes you to take a breath for every two or three words spoken. Consider taking a brisk 45-minute walk four days a week. Start with flat surfaces, and slowly add in hills as your walking capacity increases. Joining a class or gym is fine, but men are more likely than women to do aerobic activity on their own.
Strength training helps men over age 60 with symptoms caused by obesity, arthritis, diabetes, osteoarthritis and depression, and can help decrease your risk of falls. Senior men should participate in strength training at least twice a week, varying the targeted muscle groups. Pushups and situps are exercises that use your body weight for resistance. Also, try lifting weights, starting with 5- to 7-pound barbells, slowly lifting them away from your body 10 times and then resting for 30 seconds. Repeat this five times. Even heavy

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.582573
Retrieved Text: deuces has the most mournful synth of the season. plus chris brown in terrifying break-up mode. detuned drama. kat and alfie provide the dialogue and slamming doors i’ve got a ton of screws ready to go. either to be released in a pavement-top trickle or wrapped in some kind of digital bow and given away for xmas. keep watching the skies.
to be lit like fanny and alexander. part 1.
Vladamir turned his pen between his fingers, his elbow resting on the wood panel table and a low light reflecting off his forehead. The clock ticked onto 3. Some time passed and it ticked onto 4. His inbox was full of little jobs – the sort you can store there for months at a time to guard against the possibility you will actually have to ask someone if you can help them with anything. When the clock creaked onto 5 he left the office, dropping his tie in the desk drawer, ready for the next day. He got his bike out from the underground garage. It was a fine September day – not as hot as the summer months but still warm enough for short sleeves. He rode to the pool, a north breeze playing behind his ears.
The changing room was steaming – all the mirorrs were fogged up with the heavy smell of skin and hair and the aftersmell of a place that’s never dry. Softly, then suddenly a new smell swung in from the door. It reminded Vladamir of the school kitchen at the end of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.55657
Retrieved Text: Two massive, ripped men stand in the main stage of 1979 IFBB Mr. Olympia contest. The final choice for the winner comes down to just these 2 men. One is Frank Zane, The Chemist, looking extremely shredded. Next to him stands a man almost 30 pounds heavier, with muscles that large, that Frank looks like he’s two weight classes below. The man next to Frank Zane was Mike Mentzer, “Mr. Heavy Duty”. The 1979 Mr. Olympia finals were among the most exciting in history and those two performers made the finals so exciting. Despite the odds, Frank won the competition and received standing ovations and a sportsman greeting from Mike.
In the following year, he was a big opponent to the legendary Arnold Schwarzenegger. The finals in 1980 are one of the most debated finals in the history of bodybuilding. Arnold won in controversial finals, regardless of the fact that he was preparing for a movie shooting, not the competition. Mentzer, Zane and other contenders complained fiercely as the new champion was clearly not in the shape worthy of winning Mr. Olympia. The controversy made Mentzer so furious that he quit competitive bodybuilding.
Mike Mentzer was famous for its Heavy Duty training philosophy, claiming that “Other contenders are overtrained, and aren’t lifting serious weights at all.” Mike was incredibly muscular in his bodybuilding career, claiming that results came from his program that focused on heavy duty training and small amount of repetitions, longer rest periods, and massive weights. His critical thinking and the way of training produced a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.329735
Retrieved Text: Security footage released by police shows several people outside Pierre’s Champagne Lounge on Hamilton Street. In the foreground, a man in a plaid shirt is seen talking to two other men, both wearing baseball caps. One of those two men then punches the man in the plaid shirt twice, knocking him to the ground where he lay unconscious. A third man then stands over the unconscious man, appearing to gesticulate and shout at him aggressively.
Police said that when offices arrived, the suspects had fled. Two victims were located, including one with minor injuries. The other victim, a 28-year-old man from Burnaby, sustained “serious” and “life-changing” head injuries, police said.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.27319
Retrieved Text: This is a week to bring awareness to some of the top health issues concerning women’s health. The SAC lobby will have a table display during this week highlighting the most helpful preventative methods to proactively combat specific health concerns. Learn more about how fitness and nutrition is paramount in preventative care!
May is Women’s Health Month and what better way to get a healthy physically and mentally than a self-defense workshop. Learning self-defense is a great way to exercise in a community, relieve some stress, and give you tools to use if you are ever in a bad situation.
Join our martial arts instructor Jody Garcia for a complementary 40 min self-defense workshop Monday the 15th and Wednesday the 17th.
Most of us at Seattle Athletic Club are swimming, running or lifting because we want to increase our odds of living today and tomorrow with strength, vigor and flexibility.
It could be, though, that we are overlooking one of the most important variables contributing to good health: the quality of our primary relationships. A good relationship is the single best recipe for good health and the most powerful antidote to aging.
Men gain health benefits simply by getting married. Their health status improves, negative physical symptoms decrease, and positive behaviors increase.
For each year of marriage, a woman’s risk of dying prematurely decreases.
Consistent emotional support lowers blood pressure and bolsters the immune system. It appears to reduce the death rate from cancer as well as the incidence of heart disease and infectious disease.
A secure connection significantly lessens susceptibility to anxiety and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.213844
Retrieved Text: I can remember one Saturday evening, a nice and beautiful day in April. It was about 70 degrees and everyone was happy, showing smiling faces and enjoying the weather. I was at work on 125th Street between 7th & 8th Avenues at McDonalds and it was busy as usual. Then a maniac came inside the store and he began bothering and harassing customers. He was brown skinned, had corn rows going straight back, with a tee shirt on with dark blue jeans. He then got on my co-worker’s line and placed his order of two double cheeseburgers and a small fry, which came up to a total of $3.25. He gave her the money, which was exactly $3.25 so she took the money and closed the register. He told her she forgot to give him his change. She told him that he doesn’t get any change back, because he gave her the exact amount. A manager came over and drawer changed her register and she counted it. It was straight, no money missing, no money short, so they told him and he began acting like a fool, cursing and carrying on. So she gave him his food and told him to have a nice day. He stood around the store and began harassing and annoying more customers.
My cousin began taking this lady’s order. She had on a red shirt and a blue jean skirt and the man began harassing her while she was placing her order. She then told my cousin to hold her food and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.203068
Retrieved Text: Top 10 People with superhuman strength. Bodybuilders, strong men and women, oldest bodybuilding competitors in the world.. you won't believe these men and women exist! Subscribe to our channel: http://goo.gl/9CwQhg Other Videos You Might Like 10 Bodybuilders That Took It Too Far https://youtu.be/1FZLIYsV0-s 10 Psycho Girlfriends That Did Horrible Things https://youtu.be/Wd4yfV2aeEU Description: Let’s face it, as a society we are obsessed with looks. A lot of what we buy and a lot of what advertisers direct at us is in some way based around looks. Clothing, makeup, personal care products – you only have to see a couple ads or commercials to know that these things are almost always associated with looking good and feeling good. How about toys? Head into any toy store and you’ll see that even kids are shown from early on what an attractive girl and masculine boy should look like. Even cars and video games are all about looks and we can’t seem to get enough of it. One of the most common ways people try to improve their looks and feel better about themselves is through exercise. Have a little extra holiday weight? Trying to get a few more bulges in those arms? Can’t remember what a six-pack looks like? People turn to the gym or the great outdoors to get themselves into shape and improve their image. From running to lifting weights to doing laps in the pool, exercise may not be as easy as putting on some new fancy clothes or slapping on some makeup, but it will

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.076122
Retrieved Text: In 1906 The Strongest Man in the World wrote his first of two books describing his simple methods for developing genuine strength and power, not just useless artificially swollen muscles.This is an intimate account of how this man of 5 feet 10 inches tall and 200 lbs. stood the weightlifting world on end with his staggering feats of raw power and death defying strongman stunts.
While his methods were simple, maybe even crude by today’s standards, the author explains in detail with photos how to do ten different lifts using barbells, dumbbells and kettlebells plus ring and ball lifting.
Exercises such as the Two-Handed Lift to the Shoulder, The Bent Press, Holding at Arms’ Length, Ring and Ball-Lifting, just to name a few.
Read about his early family life, complete with photos of his mother, father and brothers, Hermann and Kurt.
Learn about some of the incidents in Saxon’s professional career and how he transformed his critics into believers with his astonishing lifts.
Discover Arthur Saxon’s definition of REAL functional strength.
Hear Saxon’s views on the subject of light exercise in relation to heavy weight-lifting.
Learn which sports help heavy weight-lifting, and how.
The importance of bodyweight in relation to heavy weight lifting.
The author’s suggestions for specific exercises and exercise routines.
How to avoid monotony and getting stale in your training.
Inside tips on diet, alcohol, tobacco, etc.
General weight-lifting advice on getting started; where to train, what to wear, types of weights, exercises, method of progression, breathing, energy conservation, etc.
The great Arthur Saxon, Strongest Man in the World, explains in his own words, what it feels

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: If a description of a situation begins like this: In home pet groomers demonstrate how to groom a pet. the person... Then how
does it continue? 

Ending 1: puts a setting engage on the pets tongue and leash.

Ending 2: starts at their butt rise, combing out the hair with a brush from a red.

Ending 3: is demonstrating how the dog's hair is trimmed with electric shears at their grooming salon.

Ending 4: installs and interacts with a sleeping pet before moving away.

Target Text: Ending 3

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.160995
Retrieved Text: Groom Expo is for anyone who makes a full or part-time living from professional pet care... or is a serious hobbyist. Groomers, mobile groomers, kennel operators and kennel personnel, trainers, day care operators, veterinarians, pet retailers, animal behaviorists, shelter personnel, breeders, handlers, vet techs, or anyone involved in the pet industry will find a wealth of information, products and services to meet your needs.
Groom Expo is also home to exciting grooming competitions with generous cash awards! The World Cup Grooming Games are held, along with the following breed class competitions: Poodle, Salon Freestyle and Sporting, Wired Coated Breed, All Other Purebreds, and Creative.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.700077
Retrieved Text: The Classy Pup Grooming Salon began business in 1995. We are experienced grooming professionals with 22 years experience serving the community. All of our pet groomers are graduates of intensive training at our Classy Pet Grooming School; a Colorado State approved vocational school or other certified pet grooming training schools. We do not employ amateurs. We were chosen the best grooming salon in surveys by the Loveland Herald and Loveland Connection Newspapers in 2009, 2010 and 2011.
We groom your pet the way you want it. Please provide a detailed description of how you want your pet to look. We will do our best to meet your requirements. Our groomers have been expertly trained and have experience in the grooming of all breeds of dogs.
Our associated company the Classy Pet Grooming School, Co-located with our salon offers discounted grooming. Your pet will be groomed by students supervised by highly experienced professional pet groomers.
We use the highest quality pet shampoos, skin conditioners and pet products when grooming your pets. No expense is spared to be sure that all solutions and solvents are the best safest available. You will see the difference! Your pet will shine!
All of our grooming stations are equipped with the Clipper Vac Grooming System. This is a vacuum system which connects directly to the grooming clipper. This state of the art pet grooming technology removes pet hair and dander as you groom resulting in better grooming and a cleaner environment for your pet. This provides a more comfortable and faster grooming process for your pet.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.17265
Retrieved Text: Why House Call (In Home) Grooming?
Holly's has worked with several area grooming salons. In each salon she says the pets were treated exceptionally well and seemed to enjoy their visit..
Frequently Holly saw that leaving pets at the groomers worried concerned pet owners. She was already offering in home house call service to close friends and family and thought that other pet owners might want another option too.
In January 2013, Holly opened Sunny Dawn House Call Pet Grooming so that area pet owners could also enjoy the benefits of in home house call grooming.
House call pet grooming is when a professional groomer bathes and styles your pet in the comfort of your home. Owners are welcome to participate as much or as little as they wish. Pet owners can take comfort in knowing that their pet is getting the groomers full attention from bath to bows. There are no closed doors, no cages, no mysterious back of the grooming salon or enclosed mobile grooming van, no waiting, and no stress.
Holly says that the best benefit to grooming pets in their own home is how comfortable and relaxed they are in their own environment.
How does house call pet grooming work?
Holly, our groomer, will arrive promptly at your home for your pet’s appointment. She will bring all the tools and supplies she needs with her. She will set up, bathe, hand dry, brush, and groom your pet to your specifications. Holly then cleans up, packs up, and heads on to her next appointment.
What do we need from pet owners?
We

########
Rank: 3
Score: 45.161167
Retrieved Text: Why choose Animal Antics Pet Salon Dog Groomers?
At Animal Antics Pet Salon, we pride ourselves on using the best products and hiring the best people. Your satisfaction is our biggest priority! While many mobile dog groomers are unqualified or have little experience, we have years of dog grooming under our belt. You can be guaranteed a brilliant dog groom from the best groomers on the Gold Coast whenever you book with Animal Antics Pet Salon. We would love to have you come in a chat with us about your grooming needs, and meet the team of groomers who will be caring for your dog.
You can always follow us on Facebook for Gold Coast dog grooming specials too!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.943275
Retrieved Text: We are thrilled that so many of our clients have tried and love Wagging Tails mobile grooming services. For those of you who have yet to try our services, or are wondering how it works, here are some answers to frequently asked questions we’ve received regarding the mobile grooming van and services.
Does mobile grooming mean you groom my pet in my tub, at my house?
Yes, we do come to your house to groom your pet, but NO we do not groom your pet in your tub. We have a self-contained mobile grooming van. It is a state-of-the-art grooming salon on wheels. It was specifically designed and created for this purpose by a midwestern company that has over 30 years experience in the mobile grooming industry. We visited the factory and watched production of the van! It has a huge tub that will fit ANY size dog and a hydraulic groom table with a bridge to the tub to easily get arthritic or senior pets in to and out of the tub.
Isn’t it too cold to groom in a van outdoors? And too hot in the summer?
No! The entire interior of the van is heated and the water used to bathe your pet is heated. So for your pet's comfort (and our groomers' too), they are nice and toasty! And in the warmer months, the entire van is air conditioned too!
Where do you get the water and power to groom my pet?
We use our own water tank and generator to heat the water to groom your pet.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.04929
Retrieved Text: There was a time in my life that I thought I would never become a mom. And that was okay.. because I was already a mom to my adorable white chubby pomeranian we named, Duke. He is the whole world to us. And though I have my Camilla Claudette now, he remains to be our first born, our Kuya, the one that provides us utmost happiness. I can't tell how how many time Duke gave balance into our lives. If not for him, I don't think R and I would have lasted this long. He is our four-legged miracle.
When Marj invited me for a photoshoot for the to celebrate National Dog Day with Pet Angel and The Purple Groom, I had to say yes! Any excuse to spend time with my eldest baby is always welcome.
The Purple Groom has been our dog groomer for more than five years now. I remember Jayme's dad calling to us when we saw that our then-grooming salon was closed. He told us that we should give them a try. Duke has a special cut that we love so much so when Jayme's dad assured us that one of our groomers can do exactly that, we obliged. And we've been a patron ever since! We've been a frequent customers, we are practically friends with all the their groomers. If you're in Tiendesitas, look for Aries. He does the best bearcut for Poms!
But I can't take Aries home with me and that's where Pet Angel comes into play. Pet Angel is from

########
Rank: 6
Score: 44.04131
Retrieved Text: We love what we do. We groom dogs of all shapes and sizes, all day, every day. We're a full service mobile pet groomer in San Antonio. There's no breed we haven't made look great. If you go for short fluffy types like the Bichon that has eyes for nobody but you, you've come to the right place.
Search for us online under "Mobile Dog Grooming San Antonio"
As experienced San Antonio mobile dog groomers, we know how to properly groom dogsof all breeds. Our mobile pet grooming service is a calm, relaxing environment your furry friend will love. Have a grubby pet? What are you waiting for? Our clients find us online by searching "Mobile Dog Grooming San Antonio".

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.626713
Retrieved Text: Don't Struggle Trying to Groom your Pet at Home!
It's no easy task to try to shampoo a cat at home. If you have tried, you know this to be true! Our experienced groomers help give your pet a relaxing grooming experience. Our staff only use all-natural products to make the grooming process gentle and without sedation.
Help your feline friend feel great!
Let us keep your cat's fur free of mats and silky smooth. Bring them in for a relaxing brushing from our experienced staff. The professionals at Pet Styles Grooming Salon will soothe your cat, and return it beautifully groomed and pest free!
Call today to schedule a professional grooming session with our licensed team!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.285583
Retrieved Text: One of the things that make your pets positively happy is grooming. It keeps them feeling fresh and healthy, free from the perils of inadequate grooming and poor hygiene. Not grooming your pets can cause numerous problems, such as infection, pain, and a damage coat.
Pet grooming is one thing every pet owner should keep in mind, as it is an important part of caring for your animals. Cats and dogs need to be groomed, especially those that have longer, thicker fur. Dogs like Maltese terriers and poodles do need to regularly be taken to a dog grooming professional.
Aside from going to professional groomers, cats and dogs have to be brushed regularly to keep their coat neat. Brushing also helps in taking loose hair out, which could affect most of the animals’ fur. Groomers recommend brushing the coat once or twice a week, just to make sure everything’s in order. Using a metal comb can help keeping the coat well-maintained and can also reduce cases of shedding.
Another aspect of grooming is the regular trimming of nails, as long nails can be painful for a lot of dogs and cats. Trimming can also protect your furniture and your floor from scratches. You should be careful when trimming the nail of your pets, as it can be painful if you hit a nerve.
Dogs require bathing on a frequent basis to keep the coat clean, and to prevent fleas and other organisms from making their way. Dog shampoo is usually formulated for such specific purpose, as the use of human

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.039806
Retrieved Text: We now offer an extensive range of over 3,500 pet products in our exclusive online pet store delivered direct to your door at the click of a mouse. Why not take a look at some of our exciting offers. All new orders will benefit from a FREE pet microchip registration for life worth £15.00*. Visit www.all4petstore.co.uk today.
We offer a comprehensive dog grooming course aimed at individuals seeking to develop a rewarding career within the canine grooming industry. Why not contact us today for further information or visit www.caninegroomingacademy.me.uk.
Our groomers make all the difference.
Our team of experienced groomers is dedicated to providing a highly recognised service to our clients. We take the time to discuss your dogs grooming requirements completely and offer advice when decisions about the best groom available for your pet in order to cause as little distress as possible to your dog.
​We're proud that so many of our dog owners have repeatedly turned to us for continued business. We are determined to work hard to earn our clients loyalty every day. We're here to help you meet the needs of your dogs grooming requirements.
We collect, we groom & we return with our "FETCH" service. Ask when booking your dogs next appointment.
We offer an exclusive dog collection and return for customers who find transportation of their dog hard.We pride ourselves in maintaining a small-firm feel by treating each pet with care and consideration.
Pet Identity UK is a national DEFRA compliant pet microchip registration database. Our service is offered in exclusive partnership with All4Petsore. Once your

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.897186
Retrieved Text: ​Lucky Dog Grooming is one of Denver's premier pet grooming shops! We would like to extend a warm welcome to all pets who are in need of our services. We have a ton of experience, expertise and love for our work. We work hard to provide the best pet grooming services in the community!
Carlton looking sharp for his photo shoot after his groom at Lucky Dog Grooming!
Brandi & Laurie our grooming duo has 50 years of experience combined!!! They provide all of our grooming services at Lucky Dog Grooming!
We are a full service pet grooming business. We groom pets big and small! Groom, Bath & Brush, Dematting, Nail Trimming & More.
Our amazing groomers have just as much experience grooming cats as they do dogs! We are now your one stop shop for all of your pet grooming services.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.880527
Retrieved Text: Grooming fees are charged hourly. Fees will depend roughly on how much time is needed to give your pet the perfect groom and whether one or more groomers are needed to complete the groom.
Dematting We charge the hourly rate for dematting your pet. This charge is in addition to the regular grooming fee. We also reserve the right to shave the animal if it is in the best interest of the pet. We will make every effort to contact the owner before hand.
Difficult dogs/cats... We reserve the right to not groom any animal that we consider a danger to ourselves or other animals in the salon. The owner will be required to pick the animal up immediately.
Heads and Tails Professional Dog Grooming opened it's doors in November of 1982 on the corner of Rt 11 and Rt 31 in Cicero, NY and have been loving Central New York pets ever since. We moved to our present location in April 2001.We have developed an excellent reputation in the community for the care of your pets.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.82151
Retrieved Text: Animal Care and Service Workers - What do Animal Care and Service Workers do?
Many people like animals. But, as pet owners will admit, taking care of them is hard work. Animal care and service workers—who include animal caretakers and animal trainers—train, feed, water, groom, bathe, and exercise animals and clean, disinfect, and repair their cages. They also play with the animals, provide companionship, and observe behavioral changes that could indicate illness or injury. Boarding kennels, pet stores, animal shelters, rescue leagues, veterinary hospitals and clinics, stables, laboratories, aquariums and natural aquatic habitats, and zoological parks all house animals and employ animal care and service workers. Job titles and duties vary by employment setting.
Kennel attendants care for pets while their owners are working or traveling out of town. Beginning attendants perform basic tasks, such as cleaning both the cages and the dog runs, filling food and water dishes, and exercising animals. Experienced attendants may provide basic animal healthcare, as well as bathe animals, trim nails, and attend to other grooming needs. Attendants who work in kennels also may sell pet food and supplies, assist in obedience training, or prepare animals for shipping.
Groomers are animal caretakers who specialize in maintaining a pet's appearance. Most groom dogs and a few groom cats. Some groomers work in kennels, veterinary clinics, animal shelters, or pet supply stores. Others operate their own grooming business, typically at a salon or, increasingly, by making house calls. Such mobile services are growing rapidly because they offer convenience for pet owners, flexibility of schedules for groomers,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.683147
Retrieved Text: All issues since 2011 are available from this page. Issues are listed in order starting at the top with the CURRENT ISSUE, then next newest to oldest issue down the page. At present we are converting all issues to a full-screen E-Reader allowing you to read issues online with desktop computers as well as mobile devices. E-Readers also give you the option to download a PDF copies. You can then print a copy from your PDF download. If the E-Reader version is not yet available here, you can still download and read a copy online without all the conveniences of an E-Reader. It won’t be long until all E-Reader versions are published.
Much of this issue is the 21st State of the Grooming Industry report by PetGroomer.com. It includes the results of surveys conducted with thousands of groomers. You will U.S. grooming prices by regions, a national look at grooming wages and self-employment earnings, including breakdowns by commercial and home groomers versus mobile and housecall groomers. Where the Groomers Are indicates approximate numbers of grooming businesses or pet businesses also offering grooming services in state-by-state format. Where else can you find these figures? We also look at pet industry market surveys indicating that Millennials are the largest sector of pet owners and our thoughts on how you can bond them to your grooming businesses. Dave Campanella of Best Shot Pet Products wrote an article for the issue, The Rise, Fall, and Reincarnation of Soap, a great read for every groomer with an interest in product and ingredients.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.42839
Retrieved Text: Art Of Pet Grooming has been providing dog grooming since many years ago. This includes nail clipping, bathing, blow-drying, and more. This organized grommer will surely accomplish your task requests with excellence.
Looking for one of the best pet groomers in Surprise who offer creative dog grooming services? Kimbur Pet Wash & Suites provides professional and effective dog grooming services. These people are pet care providers who have many years of experience.
Acoma Grooming has some of the best dog groomers who also offer dog grooming. They have mobile groomers who will keep your beloved pets clean and fresh. Check out their customer reviews in their pages.
Keep your dog's nails trimmed with the help of the mobile dog groomers from PAWS Salon. They do dog nail trimming, doggie washing, and more. These trusted pet doctors are open all week and can accommodate all types of pets from small to large ones.
Dogonegood Pet is among the well rated coaches provides professional grooming services for pets. Dogonegood Pet Grooming has a team of skilled dog groomers who also provide pet sitting services. They've been offering reliable dog grooming and cat grooming since many years ago.
About The is an animal-friendly professional who has been offering reliable pet care services for many years. Fret not and trust local pet groomers from About The Fur Grooming Salon. This business also provides mobile pet grooming services and more.
Diane Any Day Open 7days A Week is a reliable dog groomer who offers dog nail trimming services, dog washing services, and other related grooming services. They

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.31942
Retrieved Text: From Business: Full Service Pet salon offering grooming and boarding for dogs and cats.
They are very good in all aspects of business and care. Many people love them and so do I. The staff are very sweet.
Very clean, great atmosphere (with doggy's barking) and very kind people who will work with you in getting your animal on Sundays if they are there!
We have been taking our dogs to Debra for years. She is fantastic at what she does and is very affordable. She has pointed things out that we did not even know was wrong very professional very fun and very loving to all animals she grooms!!! Would never change she's the one and only thank you for all you do Debra!!!!!
This is the best dog groomer I have used. Betty has a personal touch and is so good to her client's dogs. You drop your dog at your appointment time and pick up 1 to 2 hours later. I have a Scottish Terrier and she is the only person I have found that did not give him a Schnauzer cut. She really knows how to groom all kinds of dogs. Been taking my sweet boy to her for years. Reasonable prices.
PLEASE READ THE NEGATIVES before making your decision. These people are rude bottom line. They take your dog, never acknowledge the dogs name or pay any attention to them. I only hope they don't treat the dogs , like they do the patrons. I will say,"they are very good groomers and their good to get

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.294334
Retrieved Text: Pet owners in Dallas want the best for their cats and dogs. Giving them the quality of life they deserve and the care they need to stay healthy is probably one of the most important things to you as a pet owner. At The Velvet Snout, our pet groomers care about the health of your dog or cat’s skin and fur. Our services are designed with their needs in mind.
Why Bring Your Pet to a Dallas Groomer?
Our staff of professional, licensed Dallas groomers love pets and enjoy giving them the tender love and care they sometimes need. Regular grooming, no matter how long or short the fur coat is, helps keep the coat clean and healthy while stimulating the skin, allowing the natural oils to circulate to the coat. Not only is this important for a dog’s fur coat, but also a cat’s. Most of our locations offer full service cat grooming as well as dog grooming for our customers.
We extend these services to all dog and cat breeds. Our dog grooming service doesn’t discriminate against breed, size, or age. We love them all! For pricing and scheduling information, give us a call!
We offer our dog grooming customers a special deal designed just for the enjoyment of their dogs! Bring your dog in for a groom and get play time for only $10. Dogs love the chance to play together and run around in a safe, fun environment. Keep in mind that depending on the breed, their grooming session might take extra time and won’t qualify

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.08583
Retrieved Text: Welcome to The Grooming Rigg! We are proud to offer quality, affordable professional pet grooming at our shop in Hillsborough, NJ. We regularly groom a variety of companion animals, including cats, dogs, pigs, rabbits and hamsters. Each pet that comes to us is treated with the same respect and care, we give our own pets at home.
Our professional pet groomers place the highest priority on the comfort and health of each little client. We check for matted fur, skin conditions, sensitive areas and other things that may be causing the animal pain or discomfort. We alert pet owners to anything of concern, so they can visit their veterinarian and have the problem addressed.
In addition to giving our clients a wonderful grooming experience, we offer affordable rates and complete our services in a timely fashion. No animal is kept waiting longer than necessary.
Please call us at 908-281-0442 for more information or to schedule an appointment.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 41.54119
Retrieved Text: You should ensure that your pet gets grooming services because it needs that just as you do. It would ensure that the pet maintains healthy skin. Moreover, your pet would tend to look good and smell nice. If you groom your dog, you would be able to notice any problem on the body and you would have a chance to take care of it. However, you may not be able to do the grooming on your own due to your busy schedules. A pet groomer can be of help especially if you do not have the time to groom your pet. You are most likely to find many pet groomers and you might not be in a position to tell the suitable one. The following are factors to consider when choosing a doggy daycare services in Defiance County.
You should note that the condition of the shop speaks volumes on how your experience would be if you choose the groomer. There is no way you can be assured that the pet would be well-taken care of if the surrounding is dirty.
A groomer who does not interact with the pets well might not be able to offer the best services. If you do not like the shop, you should consider choosing a different groomer.
It would be easier for you to get a good pet groomer if you rely on referrals and recommendations. If your friends, family members, or colleagues have an experience with a good pet groomer, you should note that they would not hesitate to direct you

########
Rank: 19
Score: 41.441643
Retrieved Text: The most important element in determining the quality of pet grooming is the experience and artistry of the groomer. Hot Dogs Grooming Salon employs the most experienced and talented groomers in Angleton. Each of our groomers has ample experience in professional grooming. While each person tends to specialize in a breed or size, they each groom all breeds of dogs with superior ability.
Jan - Owner, Dog Specialist "..I love my dog and the simple things in life."
Jan is a graduate of Golden Paws School of Dog Styling and is certified in doggy CPR and first aid.Evident by the terrific following she has built, Jan will cheerfully and patiently groom any dog, providing a keen eye towards creativity and precision. Equally comfortable with large or small dogs, long hair or short, Jan's expertise is skillfully demonstrated across a wide range of dogs. Jan's proficiency makes her perfect for breeds where extra care is appreciated.
Grooming at Hot Dogs Grooming Salon is generally by appointment. Standard hours are 7am-6pm. Pets can be dropped off anytime. We estimate your pick-up time when you drop off and almost always accommodate your schedule. You may pick up as late as 6pm.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 41.358948
Retrieved Text: Located in Lexington, Kentucky at 3061 Fieldstone Way, Petitude is emerging as Lexington's premiere Pet grooming facility. Petitude has a sensitive, even "picky" clientele that is well-served by an experienced and enthusiastic staff.
Is your Groomer spending enough time with y our dog or cat? Too many times we have heard stories about the trust Pet owners place in these individuals only to find they keep the Pet locked in a cage or small kennel run all day. Similarly, all too often groomers "speed-groom" Pet-after-Pet, not giving them the care and attention they need and deserve.
If you ever wonder if similar events are happening to you and your Pet, we encourage you to remove your doubts and bring your Pet to Petitude. You can genuinely think of us as the people who sincerely care about your best friend. We invite you and your Pets to take a tour of our facility and learn more about our operation and about the many ways we can benefit your Pets' personality and appearance.
We welcome you to stop in, meet Teresa and Debbie and see how much your Pet will enjoy the visit.
It's the new Attitude in Pet Styling!
Content copyright copyrightdate 2011. Petitude Grooming Salon. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 40.643456
Retrieved Text: Your pet is part of your family and deserves to be treated like one. At Royal Treatment, we ensure your furry friend receives the proper care and attention they deserve as your family member. We always strive to give your pet the perfect groom at our pet spa and a make sure they are feeling their best throughout their visit.
When it comes to our grooming philosophy, we believe our behavior is just as important as your pet’s. When we are calm and patient, your dog or cat is more likely to relax. When we are confident and steady, your pet is more likely to feel comfortable and trust us during their pet spa treatments.
With so many stories of pets being mistreated at other grooming salons, we work to change your pet’s minds about spa days with a kindness and service like none other. With a steady demeanor and a calming touch, we keep your pets looking their best with minimal stress.
All of our groomers show love, patience, and care while grooming your furry friends. We never use sedative medicine during grooming and have always found kindness the only solution needed for a nervous pet. Our groomers take the extra time and steps to ensure your pet is comfortable and stress-free.
While we cannot promise that our technique will work every time and for every dog, we will always make your pet’s spa day the best it can be without the use of sedatives. We will work with your pet until they are comfortable with us, whether that

########
Rank: 22
Score: 40.621033
Retrieved Text: At our Grooming Salon, dogs and cats receive fingers-on care from academy-skilled, safety-licensed pet stylists devoted to making them look good and really feel nice. If you’re grooming a dog breed that has plenty of hair within the ears, it will assist to have a pair of 5 inch straight hemostats to trim within the ears. There is a manner you can thrive and prosper even when an enormous pet tremendous retailer opens up in your town, or if three different groomers open up just miles from your store. Owners no longer want to transport their pets to the salon for the weekly grooming session. Lastly, you will want to have plenty of scissors and clippers with the intention to trim and magnificence the dogs fur. In addition to providing exceptional grooming providers, we also pay special attention to the well being of your pet’s skin and coat. They gives you trustworthy recommendation as whether it is doable and if it’s going to look good in your pet. At Showcase your pet will obtain the easiest in grooming and personalised care.
Roll over the completely different physique areas beneath to study more about the advantages of grooming. In addition to persistence and genuine look after animals, a pet groomer should have high standards of cleanliness and professionalism. Whether you groom in pet shops, salons, shops, properties or mobile grooming autos we all share the love of pets and style. Don’t use your cleaning soap or shampoo to your pet as a result of it will possibly cause

########
Rank: 23
Score: 40.58046
Retrieved Text: Do you like to keep your pet well groomed and bathed? The professional groomers At Bel Air Animal Hospital have many years of experience in keeping pets looking their best in the Mobile, Alabama area, and they are ready to groom your pet as well!
If you pet is a breed with a longer coat, it may be necessary to keep them trimmed during the warmer months to keep them comfortable. You may also wish to keep your pet neatly trimmed, regardless of their hair length. No matter your motivation, Bel Air Animal Hospital can keep your pet groomed to your specifications. Medicated and special baths are also available at Bel Air. When your pet has a grooming or bathing need, please call one of our caring professionals to take care of their specific needs today.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 40.512226
Retrieved Text: Learn about our dog grooming courses and how you can become a certified dog groomer in as little as four weeks. Teachings include everything from bathing and brushing to breed trims.
We offer dual-certificates to those who desire a knowledge in both dog training and dog grooming, because many of our graduates choose to start their own pet business or desire to be leaders in the industry.
If you are curious about a career working with animals, The Academy of Pet Careers is here to help. The demand for certified dog groomers and dog trainers is growing and the industry is in desperate need of professionals. All our programs offer flexible scheduling and open enrollment, so you can start a new career in no time!
Want To Start A Pet Business?
The Academy of Pet Careers teaches skills and techniques that empower pets. Pet Empowerment is all about understanding the psychology of fear in pets so that we can better serve them. Because of this desire to help, our passion at the APC is in improving the quality and standard of care in the pet industry. Every day, pets are taken to their vet, groom salon, or doggy daycare for socialization. They deal with fears and anxiety that most pet professionals don’t know how to recognize.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 40.467026
Retrieved Text: Petsense in Savannah is the top pet supply destination. Our friendly store associates and groomers are passionate people who truly care about your shopping experience. Petsense has a superior selection of natural pet foods at low prices as well as all the bird, cat, dog, reptile, fish, and small animal essentials! This Petsense location includes a full service groom shop equipped with all the latest technology to keep your pet safe and comfortable. Our Buy Ten Get One Free program for participating pet food brands attracts customers from all over the county, and we are happy to match the prices of any local competitor! Petsense is proud to help keep pets off the streets by organizing dog adoption events and hosting a Sav-A-Pet kennel for cats in need. Stop by with your pet today to see why Petsense is number one in customer service!
Check out our store event calendar for upcoming events at your local store!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 40.22804
Retrieved Text: Grooming Certified, works well with difficult dogs.
You can count on Pet Love if you need pros who provide dog grooming services. They do nail clipping, ear cleaning and styling, among others. They handle chow chow, bulldog, and poodle grooming jobs, among others.
5 years of experience. Compassion and love for all dogs. Direct and honest to pet parents about the dogs grooming needs. Pet safety is always a priority.
The professional dog grooming services provided by Chic Tails Pet Boutique & Spa will impress you. Choose Chic Tails Pet Boutique & Spa. They also provide dog boarding services.
The Dog has been providing professional dog grooming services for many years. They offer professional dog grooming services including ear cleaning, brushing, nail trimming, and hair cutting. They are always ready to help.
This company offers one of the best mobile dog grooming services in Plano. 15th is the right choice. This business is available for those in need.
This business provides mobile dog washing services. Then hire Kenneth Jargowsky. This expert has received rave mobile dog care comments on HomeGuide.
The Posh Paw Resort is composed of pet groomers who have been grooming dogs for several years now. They offer pet sitting and walking, overnight and daycare, mobile grooming services, and more. This pro is able to complete the task efficiently.
Pappy's Pet is among the best dog groomers who treat your canine friend like their own. They do not just handle local pet grooming, but also dog walking, day care, and boarding services. These mobile pet groomers have gained numerous commendable puppy grooming

########
Rank: 27
Score: 40.097954
Retrieved Text: Bloomingtails Pet Grooming is a Pet-Salon offering a full range of pet services and products. We believe regular grooming is essential to a healthy pet. That's why we offer state-of-the-art grooming facilities in a clean and safe environment. We will give your furry friend personalized, hands-on care. We specialize in finding the best style for your pet. We care for all sizes and breeds. Our salon is operated by appointment only, enabling us to provide a quiet, peaceful experience, with rarely more than a few pets here at the same time. Your pet gets our full attention, and our average stay is less than two hours.
Please note cats can be very temperamental. On some occasions, for the safety of your cat and our groomers, we will recommend a veterinarian groom your cat instead.
Prices are based on coat condition and temperament. Starting prices are listed below but may increase based on those factors.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 40.024235
Retrieved Text: Yes, I know this site is all about grooming your pet at home. But there may come a time when you need the use of a professional Pet Groomer. Searching for good local pet groomers may not be as easy as you think. There is a lot you should know before handing your precious pet over to a total stranger. In this article, I will help educate you by going over the things you need to know and what to look for when choosing a professional Pet Groomer for your fur baby.
The first way and in my opinion the best way to find a good Pet Groomer is by word-of-mouth. Talk with your veterinarian and others you know who use a professional Pet Groomer. Ask them about their experiences, pricing, and satisfaction. Also, if you happen to see a well-groomed pet while out and about stop and ask the owner where they have their pet groomed. Gathering peoples opinions about your local pet groomers is a great way to get informed.
The Internet is full of information to help you find a reputable Pet Groomer. Start by typing “local pet groomers” into the Google search. You will see that Google has a star system for all the pet grooming shops in your area. Look for the ones with the most stares then read all the reviews. Click on “More Google Reviews” to see them all. The good reviews are usually at the top so you need to scroll down to read them all. Click on “more places”

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.01286
Retrieved Text: ​Our Pet ServicesFOR THE VERY BEST PET CARE All of our services are provided in elegant surroundings by our highly qualified professional staff. From bathing to state of the art grooming, our professional dog groomers, stylists and bathers take special pride working with each pet they groom. Our goal is to always provide the best dog grooming, cage free pet boarding and daycare to our customers and their pets.
"Conveniently located on Buford Highway in Suwanee, Georgia, Unleashed Creations Pet Spa serves Suwanee, Lawrenceville, Duluth, Sugar Hill, Buford, Norcross and Alpharetta with premium cat and dog grooming services. Give your pet professional, luxurious, and affordable dog and cat grooming from our professionally trained and caring staff. Whether your pet needs a bath, full groom, one of our a ’la carte pet services or even a show-quality trim, we will be glad to take care of all their grooming needs. We pride ourselves in offering exceptional pet grooming. Whatever the grooming needs are for your pet, we have you covered."
Our new facility features a resort stay experience with the addition of an outdoor fenced in yard where your pooch can run and play under the supervision of one our well trained experienced staff members. Our indoor play areas have designated large, medium and small dog areas which allows a kennel free environment during the day so your dog has the option to play with other friendly dogs or nap on one of our comfortable beds.
No matter where or when you choose to vacation it’s always hard to relax

================



